For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results and strategic objectives, see “Forward-Looking
Statements” immediately preceding “Business” and “Return on Equity and Tangible Common Equity Targets” under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

Market Risk 

Market risk refers to the
risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by us. For more information on how we
monitor and manage market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Market Risk.” 

Our results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global and economic conditions and other factors,
including changes in asset values. 

Our results of operations have been in the past and may, in the future, be materially affected
by market fluctuations due to global financial markets, economic conditions, changes to the global trade policies and tariffs and other factors, including the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices, the level and term
structure of interest rates, inflation and currency values, and the level of other market indices. 
The results of our Institutional
Securities business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or
predict with great certainty. These fluctuations impact results by causing variations in business flows and activity and in the fair value of securities and other financial products. Fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market
activity, which, among other things, affects the size, number and timing of investment banking client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from our principal investments. 

During periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the level of individual investor participation in the global markets, as well as
the level of client assets, may also decrease, which would negatively impact the results of our Wealth Management business segment. 
In
addition, fluctuations in global market activity could impact the flow of investment capital into or from AUM and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed

income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our Investment Management business segment. 

The value of our financial instruments may be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and
disruptions in the credit markets may make it extremely difficult to value and monetize certain of our financial instruments, particularly during periods of market displacement. Subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then
prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective fees and performance-based fees (also known as incentive fees, which include carried interest) in respect of certain
businesses. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these financial instruments, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair
value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. 

In addition, financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in
asset liquidity. Under these extreme conditions, hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under more normal market conditions. Moreover, under these conditions, market
participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies employed by many market participants simultaneously and on a large scale. Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves.
However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur. 

Holding large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses. 

Concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making, investing, block trading, underwriting and lending
businesses in the event of unfavorable market movements, or when market conditions are more favorable for our competitors. We commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the
securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. For further information regarding our country risk exposure, see also “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Risk—Risk Management—Credit Risk—Country Risk Exposure.” 

11

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Credit Risk 

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. For more
information on how we monitor and manage credit risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Credit Risk.” 

We are exposed to the risk that third parties that are indebted to us will not perform their obligations. 

We incur significant credit risk exposure through our Institutional Securities business segment. This risk may arise from a variety of
business activities, including, but not limited to: extending credit to clients through various lending commitments; entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us; providing
short- or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the loan repayment amount; posting margin and/or collateral and other commitments to clearing houses, clearing
agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties; and investing and trading in securities and loan pools, whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on realized or expected defaults on the underlying
obligations or loans. 
We also incur credit risk in our Wealth Management business segment lending to mainly individual investors,
including, but not limited to, margin- and securities-based loans collateralized by securities, residential mortgage loans and HELOCs. 

While we believe current valuations and reserves adequately address our perceived levels of risk, adverse economic conditions may negatively
impact our clients and our credit exposures. In addition, as a clearing member of several central counterparties, we finance our customer positions and could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our customers. Although we regularly
review our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. 
A default
by a large financial institution could adversely affect financial markets. 

The commercial soundness of many financial
institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. Increased centralization of trading activities through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges as
required by provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act may increase our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity
and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions.

This is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks and securities firms,
with which we interact on a daily basis and, therefore, could adversely affect us. See also “Systemic Risk Regime” under “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company.” 

Operational Risk 

Operational risk
refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical
assets). We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (e.g., sales and trading) and support and control groups (e.g., information technology and trade processing). Legal,
regulatory and compliance risk is included in the scope of operational risk and is discussed below under “Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.” For more information on how we monitor and manage operational risk, see “Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Operational Risk.” 
We are subject to operational risks,
including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operations or security systems or those of our third parties (or third parties thereof), which could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. 

Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and
diverse markets in many currencies. We may introduce new products or services or change processes or reporting, including in connection with new regulatory requirements, resulting in new operational risk that we may not fully appreciate or identify.

The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in the use
of increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We rely on the ability of our employees, consultants, our internal systems and systems at
technology centers maintained by unaffiliated third parties to operate our different businesses and process a high volume of transactions. Additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing cybersecurity, privacy and
data protection, which may differ and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions. 
As a major participant in the global capital
markets, we face the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud or cyber attack.

December 2018 Form 10-K

12

Table of Contents

 We also face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents,
exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our lending, securities and derivatives transactions. In the event of a breakdown or improper operation of our or a direct or indirect third party’s systems (or
third parties thereof) or processes or improper or unauthorized action by third parties, including consultants and subcontractors or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity position, a disruption of our
businesses, regulatory sanctions or damage to our reputation. In addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the
risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Furthermore, the concentration of company and personal information held by a
handful of third parties increases the risk that a breach at a key third party may cause an industry-wide data breach that could significantly increase the cost and risk of conducting business. 

Despite the business contingency and security response plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans fully mitigate all
potential risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the New York metropolitan area,
London, Hong Kong and Tokyo, as well as Mumbai, Budapest, Glasgow and Baltimore. This may include a disruption involving physical site access, cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters,
extreme weather events, electrical outage, environmental hazard, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. 

Although we employ backup systems for our data, those backup systems may be unavailable following a disruption, the affected data may not have
been backed up or may not be recoverable from the backup, or the backup data may be costly to recover, which could adversely affect our business. 

A cyber attack, information or security breach or a technology failure could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business,
manage our exposure to risk or result in disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. 

We maintain a significant amount of personal information on our customers, clients, employees and certain counterparties that we are required
to protect under various state, federal and international data protection and privacy laws. These laws

may be in conflict with one another, or courts and regulators may interpret them in ways that we had not anticipated or that adversely affect our business. 

Cybersecurity risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new
technologies, the use of the internet and mobile telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external extremist parties,
including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote political ends. In addition to the growing sophistication of certain parties, the commoditization of cyber tools which are able to be weaponized by less sophisticated actors
has led to an increase in the exploitation of technological vulnerabilities. Any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, clients, vendors or other third parties or users of our systems to disclose sensitive
information in order to gain access to our data or that of our employees or clients. Cybersecurity risks may also derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, including third party providers, or may result
from accidental technological failure. In addition, third parties with whom we do business, their service providers, as well as other third parties with whom our customers do business, may also be sources of cybersecurity risks, particularly where
activities of customers are beyond our security and control systems. There is no guarantee that the measures we take will provide absolute security or recoverability given the techniques used in cyber attacks are complex and frequently change, and
may not be able to be anticipated. 
Like other financial services firms, the Firm and its third party providers continue to be the subject
of unauthorized access attacks, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, denial of
service attacks, data breaches and other events. There can be no assurance that such unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, or cyber incidents will not occur in the future, and they could occur more frequently and on a more
significant scale. 
A cyber attack, information or security breach or a technology failure of ours or of a third party could jeopardize
our or our clients’, employees’, partners’, vendors’ or counterparties’ personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our and our third parties’ computer
systems. Furthermore, such events could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, employees’, partners’, vendors’, counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, as well as the unauthorized release,
gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other

13

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

information of ours, our employees, our customers or of other third parties. Any of these events could result in reputational damage with our clients and the market, client dissatisfaction,
additional costs to us to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure, regulatory investigations, litigation or enforcement, or regulatory fines or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
Given our global footprint and the high volume of transactions we process, the large number
of clients, partners, vendors and counterparties with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack, information or security breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection.
We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. During such time we would
not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences
of a cyber attack. 
While many of our agreements with partners and third party vendors include indemnification provisions, we may not be
able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under such provisions to adequately offset any losses we may incur. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber and
information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. 
The cost of managing cyber and information
security risks and attacks along with complying with new and increasingly expansive regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 

Liquidity Risk 

Liquidity risk refers to
the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations
without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern. Liquidity risk also encompasses the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that
may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact our ability to raise new funding. For more information on how we monitor and manage liquidity risk, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and

Capital Resources” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Liquidity Risk.” 

Liquidity is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations.

Liquidity is essential to our businesses. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the
long-term or short-term debt capital markets or our inability to access the secured lending markets. Factors that we cannot control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally,
including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding. 
In
addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating
agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry, or we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity. 

If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as
our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities. We may be unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. 
Our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend on our credit ratings.

The cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are impacted by our long-term and short-term credit ratings. The
rating agencies continue to monitor certain issuer specific factors that are important to the determination of our credit ratings, including governance, the level and quality of earnings, capital adequacy, liquidity and funding, risk appetite and
management, asset quality, strategic direction, and business mix. Additionally, the rating agencies will look at other industry-wide factors such as regulatory or legislative changes, macro-economic environment, and perceived levels of third party
support, and it is possible that they could downgrade our ratings and those of similar institutions. 
Our credit ratings also can have a
significant impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as OTC and other derivative transactions,

December 2018 Form 10-K

14

Table of Contents

including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. In connection with certain OTC trading agreements and certain other agreements associated with our Institutional Securities business segment,
we may be required to provide additional collateral to, or immediately settle any outstanding liability balance with, certain counterparties in the event of a credit ratings downgrade. 

Termination of our trading and other agreements could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other
sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. The additional collateral or termination payments which may occur in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by
either or both of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and S&P Global Ratings. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit
Ratings—Incremental Collateral or Terminating Payments upon Potential Future Rating Downgrade.” 
We are a holding company
and depend on payments from our subsidiaries. 

The Parent Company has no operations and depends on dividends, distributions and
other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. Regulatory, tax restrictions or elections and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds
freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. In particular, many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws, regulations and self-regulatory organization rules that limit, as well as authorize
regulatory bodies to block or reduce, the flow of funds to the Parent Company, or that prohibit such transfers or dividends altogether in certain circumstances, including steps to “ring fence” entities by regulators outside of the U.S. to
protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of financial difficulties involving such entities. 
These laws, regulations
and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations. Furthermore, as a BHC, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends. The Federal Reserve, the OCC, and
the FDIC have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. 

Our liquidity and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by U.S. and international
markets and economic conditions. 

Our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity
markets, or to access

secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the U.S. and international markets and economies. 

In particular, our cost and availability of funding in the past have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by illiquid credit
markets and wider credit spreads. Significant turbulence in the U.S., the E.U. and other international markets and economies could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to
do business with us. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk 

Legal, regulatory and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss including fines, penalties,
judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation we may suffer as a result of our failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities.
This risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. It also includes compliance with AML, anti-corruption and terrorist financing rules and regulations.
For more information on how we monitor and manage legal, regulatory and compliance risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Legal and Compliance Risk.” 

The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, and changes in regulation will impact our business. 

Like other major financial services firms, we are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities
exchanges and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business. These laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability
to expand our product offerings and pursue certain investments. 
The regulation of major financial firms, including the Firm, as well as
of the markets in which we operate, is extensive and subject to ongoing change. We are, or will become, subject to (among other things) wide-ranging regulation and supervision, intensive scrutiny of our businesses and any plans for expansion of
those businesses, limitations on new activities, a systemic risk regime that imposes heightened capital and liquidity and funding requirements and other enhanced prudential standards, resolution regimes and resolution planning requirements,
requirements for maintaining minimum amounts of TLAC and external long-term debt, restrictions on activities and investments imposed by the Volcker Rule, comprehensive derivatives regulation, market structure regulation, tax regulations, antitrust
laws, trade and transaction reporting obligations, and broadened fiduciary obligations. 

15

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 In some areas, regulatory standards are subject to final rulemaking or transition periods or may
otherwise be revised in whole or in part. Ongoing implementation of, or changes in, laws and regulations could materially impact the profitability of our businesses and the value of assets we hold, expose us to additional costs, require changes to
business practices or force us to discontinue businesses, adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock or require us to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely impact our shareholders or creditors. 

In addition, regulatory requirements that are being imposed by foreign policymakers and regulators may be inconsistent or conflict with
regulations that we are subject to in the U.S. and may adversely affect us. We expect legal and regulatory requirements to be subject to ongoing change for the foreseeable future, which may result in significant new costs to comply with new or
revised requirements as well as to monitor for compliance on an ongoing basis. 
The application of regulatory requirements and
strategies in the U.S. or other jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions may pose a greater risk of loss for our security holders, and subject us to other restrictions. 

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes
our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were to jointly determine that our resolution plan submission was not credible
or would not facilitate an orderly resolution, and if we were unable to address any deficiencies identified by the regulators, we or any of our subsidiaries may be subject to more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements or
restrictions on our growth, activities, or operations, or after a two-year period, we may be required to divest assets or operations. 

In addition, provided that certain procedures are met, we can be subject to a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority
under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act with the FDIC being appointed as receiver. The FDIC’s power under the orderly liquidation authority to disregard the priority of creditor claims and treat similarly situated creditors differently in certain
circumstances, subject to certain limitations, could adversely impact holders of our unsecured debt. See “Business—Supervision and Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources— Regulatory Requirements.” 
Further, because both our resolution plan
contemplates an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and the FDIC

has proposed an SPOE strategy through which it may apply its orderly liquidation authority powers, we believe that the application of an SPOE strategy is the reasonably likely outcome if either
our resolution plan were implemented or a resolution proceeding were commenced under the orderly liquidation authority. An SPOE strategy generally contemplates the provision of additional capital and liquidity by the Parent Company to certain of its
subsidiaries so that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy, and the Parent Company has entered into a secured amended and restated support agreement with its material entities, as defined in our 2017
resolution plan, pursuant to which it would provide such capital and liquidity. 
Under the secured amended and restated support agreement,
upon the occurrence of a resolution scenario, including one in which an SPOE strategy is used, the Parent Company will be obligated to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its contributable material assets, other than shares in
subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain intercompany payables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our material entities. The obligations of the Parent Company under the secured amended and restated support agreement are in
most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company). As a result, claims of our material entities against the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in
subsidiaries of the Parent Company) are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company. Such unsecured obligations are at risk of absorbing losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. 

In further development of our SPOE strategy, we have created a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of the Parent Company, MS Holdings LLC
(“Funding IHC”), to serve as a resolution funding vehicle. We expect that, prior to the submission of our 2019 resolution plan by July 1, 2019, the Parent Company will contribute certain of its assets to the Funding IHC and enter into
an updated secured amended and restated support agreement with the Funding IHC as well as certain other subsidiaries to facilitate the execution of our SPOE strategy. Similar to the existing secured amended and restated support agreement, the
updated secured amended and restated support agreement will obligate the Parent Company to transfer capital and liquidity, as revised, to the Funding IHC, and that the Parent Company and/or the Funding IHC will recapitalize and provide liquidity to
material entities in the event of our material financial distress or failure. 
Although an SPOE strategy, whether applied pursuant to our
resolution plan or in a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, is intended to result in better outcomes for creditors overall, there is no guarantee that the application of an SPOE strategy, including the provision of support
to the Parent Company’s material entities pursuant to the secured 

December 2018 Form 10-K

16

Table of Contents

amended and restated support agreement, will not result in greater losses for holders of our securities compared to a different resolution strategy for us. 

Regulators have taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the orderly liquidation
authority or other resolution regimes. For example, the Federal Reserve requires top-tier BHCs of U.S. 
G-SIBs, including Morgan Stanley, to maintain minimum amounts of
equity and eligible long-term debt TLAC in order to ensure that such institutions have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of debt to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible
TLAC where the SPOE strategy is used. The combined implication of the SPOE resolution strategy and the TLAC requirement is that our losses will be imposed on the holders of eligible long-term debt and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the
Parent Company before any losses are imposed on the holders of the debt securities of our operating subsidiaries or before putting U.S. taxpayers at risk. 

In addition, certain jurisdictions, including the U.K. and other E.U. jurisdictions, have implemented, or are in the process of implementing,
changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity organized in such jurisdiction by writing down certain unsecured liabilities or converting certain unsecured liabilities into equity.
Such “bail-in” powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors.

Non-U.S. regulators are also considering requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of TLAC that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the Parent
Company and, ultimately, to security holders of the Parent Company in the event of failure. 

We may be prevented from paying
dividends or taking other capital actions because of regulatory constraints or revised regulatory capital standards. 

We are
subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve, which requires us to submit, on an annual basis, a capital plan describing proposed dividend payments to shareholders, proposed repurchases of our
outstanding securities and other proposed capital actions that we intend to take. The Federal Reserve may object to, or otherwise require us to modify, such plan, or may object or require modifications to a resubmitted capital plan, any of which
would adversely affect shareholders. 
In addition, beyond review of the plan, the Federal Reserve may impose other restrictions or
conditions on us that prevent us from paying or increasing dividends, repurchasing securities or taking other capital actions that would benefit shareholders.

Finally, the Federal Reserve may change regulatory capital standards to impose higher requirements that restrict our ability to take capital actions or may modify or impose other regulatory
standards that increase our operating expenses and reduce our ability to take capital actions. 
The financial services industry
faces substantial litigation and is subject to extensive regulatory and law enforcement investigations, and we may face damage to our reputation and legal liability. 

As a global financial services firm, we face the risk of investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in
all countries in which we conduct our business. Investigations and proceedings initiated by these authorities may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. In addition to the monetary consequences,
these measures could, for example, impact our ability to engage in, or impose limitations on, certain of our businesses. 
These
investigations and proceedings, as well as the amount of penalties and fines sought, continue to impact the financial services industry and certain U.S. and international governmental entities have brought criminal actions against, or have sought
criminal convictions, pleas or deferred prosecution agreements from, financial institutions. Significant regulatory or law enforcement action against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or
cause us significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also provides compensation to
whistleblowers who present the SEC or CFTC with information related to securities or commodities law violations that leads to a successful enforcement action. As a result of this compensation, it is possible we could face an increased number of
investigations by the SEC or CFTC. 
We have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including
arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, as well as investigations or proceedings brought by regulatory agencies, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the actual or
threatened legal or regulatory actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages, claims for indeterminate amounts of damages, or may result in penalties, fines, or other results adverse to us. 

In some cases, the issuers that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress. In other
cases, including antitrust litigation, we may be subject to claims for joint and several liability with other defendants for treble damages or other relief related to

17

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

alleged conspiracies involving other institutions. Like any large corporation, we are also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including
non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information, or improper sales practices or conduct. 

We may be responsible for representations and warranties associated with residential and commercial real estate loans and may incur
losses in excess of our reserves. 

We originate loans secured by commercial and residential properties. Further, we securitize and
trade in a wide range of commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole loans, mortgages and other real estate and commercial assets and products, including residential and CMBS. In connection with these activities, we have
provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, certain representations and warranties. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and
warranties were breached. We have also made representations and warranties in connection with our role as an originator of certain commercial mortgage loans that we securitized in CMBS. For additional information, see also Note 12 to the financial
statements. 
We currently have several legal proceedings related to claims for alleged breaches of representations and warranties. If
there are decisions adverse to us in those legal proceedings, we may incur losses substantially in excess of our reserves. In addition, our reserves are based, in part, on certain factual and legal assumptions. If those assumptions are incorrect and
need to be revised, we may need to adjust our reserves substantially. 
Our commodities activities and investments subject us to
extensive regulation, and environmental risks and regulation that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 

In
connection with the commodities activities in our Institutional Securities business segment, we execute transactions involving the storage, transportation and market-making of several commodities, including metals, natural gas, electric power,
environmental attributes and other commodity products. In addition, we are an electricity power marketer in the U.S. and own a minority interest in Heidmar Holdings LLC, which owns a group of companies that provide international marine
transportation and U.S. marine logistics services. These activities subject us to extensive energy, commodities, environmental, health and safety and other governmental laws and regulations. 

Although we have attempted to mitigate our environmental risks by, among other measures, limiting the scope of activities

involving storage and transportation, adopting appropriate policies and procedures, and implementing emergency response programs, these actions may not prove adequate to address every
contingency. In addition, insurance covering some of these risks may not be available, and the proceeds, if any, from insurance recovery may not be adequate to cover liabilities with respect to particular incidents. As a result, our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by these events. 
During the past several years, intensified
scrutiny of certain energy markets by federal, state and local authorities in the U.S. and abroad and by the public has resulted in increased regulatory and legal enforcement, litigation and remedial proceedings involving companies conducting the
activities in which we are engaged. In addition, enhanced regulation of OTC derivatives markets in the U.S. and the E.U., as well as similar legislation proposed or adopted elsewhere, will impose significant costs and requirements on our commodities
derivatives activities. 
We may incur substantial costs or loss of revenue in complying with current or future laws and regulations and
our overall businesses and reputation may be adversely affected by the current legal environment. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties. 

A failure to address conflicts of interest appropriately could adversely affect our businesses and reputation. 

As a global financial services firm that provides products and services to a large and diversified group of clients, including corporations,
governments, financial institutions and individuals, we face potential conflicts of interest in the normal course of business. For example, potential conflicts can occur when there is a divergence of interests between us and a client, among clients,
between an employee on the one hand and us or a client on the other, or situations in which we may be a creditor of a client. 
We have
policies, procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address potential conflicts of interest, and we utilize various measures, such as the use of disclosure, to manage these potential conflicts. However, identifying and mitigating
potential conflicts of interest can be complex and challenging and can become the focus of media and regulatory scrutiny. Indeed, actions that merely appear to create a conflict can put our reputation at risk even if the likelihood of an actual
conflict has been mitigated. It is possible that potential conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions, which may lead to our clients being less willing to enter into transactions in which a conflict may occur and could adversely
affect our businesses and reputation. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

18

Table of Contents

 Our regulators have the ability to scrutinize our activities for potential conflicts of
interest, including through detailed examinations of specific transactions. For example, our status as a BHC supervised by the Federal Reserve subjects us to direct Federal Reserve scrutiny with respect to transactions between our U.S. Bank
Subsidiaries and their affiliates. Further, the Volcker Rule subjects us to regulatory scrutiny regarding certain transactions between us and our clients. 

Uncertainties and ambiguities as to the interpretation and application of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could adversely affect us.

The Tax Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly revised U.S. corporate income tax law by reducing the corporate income
tax rate to 21%, partially or wholly eliminating tax deductions for certain expenses and implementing a modified territorial tax system. The modified territorial tax system includes a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of
non-U.S. subsidiaries and also imposes a minimum tax on GILTI and an alternative BEAT on U.S. corporations with operations outside of the U.S. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters.” 
The U.S. Treasury Department has issued
proposed regulations on certain provisions in the Tax Act, some of which are not yet finalized and are therefore subject to change. In addition, there continue to be a number of uncertainties and ambiguities as to the interpretation and application
of many of the provisions in the Tax Act, including the provisions relating to the modified territorial tax system, GILTI, and the BEAT. In the absence of further guidance on these issues, we use what we believe are reasonable interpretations and
assumptions in applying the Tax Act for purposes of determining our tax balances and results of operations, which may change as we receive additional clarification and implementation guidance and as the interpretation of the Tax Act evolves over
time. We expect that the U.S. Treasury Department will continue to issue additional guidance on the application of various provisions in the Tax Act. It is possible that such additional guidance or positions taken by the IRS in an audit could differ
from the interpretations and assumptions that we previously made, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

 Risk Management 

Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market
environments or against all types of risk. 

We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management capabilities and
expect to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, our risk management strategies, models and processes, including our use of various risk models for assessing market exposures and hedging strategies, stress testing and other analysis, may not
be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. 

As our businesses change and grow, and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management strategies, models and processes may not
always adapt with those changes. Some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management’s judgment. As a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which could be
significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. 
In addition, many models we use are based on assumptions or inputs regarding
correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators and therefore cannot anticipate sudden, unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements, which could cause us to incur losses. 

Management of market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, legal, regulatory and compliance risks requires, among other things, policies and
procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Our trading risk management strategies and techniques also seek to balance our ability to profit from
trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. 
While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk
mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. For example, to the extent that our trading or investing activities
involve less liquid trading markets or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sales or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. We may, therefore, incur losses in the course
of our trading or investing activities. For more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks and related strategies, models and processes, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk
Management—Market Risk.” 

19

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Expected replacement of London Interbank Offered Rate and replacement or reform of other
interest rates could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Central banks around the
world, including the Federal Reserve, have commissioned working groups of market participants and official sector representatives with the goal of finding suitable replacements for LIBOR and replacements or reforms of other interest rate benchmarks,
such as EURIBOR and EONIA (collectively, the “IBORs”). It is expected that a transition away from the widespread use of such rates to alternative rates based on observable market transactions and other potential interest rate benchmark
reforms will occur over the course of the next few years. For example, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, has announced that it has commitments from panel banks to continue to contribute to LIBOR through the end of 2021, but that it will not use its
powers to compel contributions beyond such date. Accordingly, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication of LIBOR beyond 2021. 

On April 3, 2018, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York commenced publication of three reference rates based on overnight U.S. Treasury
repurchase agreement transactions, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, which has been recommended as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. Further, the Bank of England is publishing a reformed
Sterling Overnight Index Average, comprised of a broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, which has been selected by the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the alternative rate to Sterling LIBOR. Central
bank-sponsored committees in other jurisdictions, including Europe, Japan and Switzerland, have, or are expected to, select alternative reference rates denominated in other currencies. 

The market transition away from IBORs to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse impacts on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In particular, any such transition or reform could: 

•

 Adversely impact the pricing, liquidity, value of, return on and trading for a broad array of financial
products, including any IBOR-linked securities, loans and derivatives that are included in our financial assets and liabilities; 

•

 Require extensive changes to documentation that governs or references IBOR or IBOR-based products, including,
for example, pursuant to time-consuming renegotiations of existing documentation to modify the terms of outstanding securities and related hedging transactions; 

•

 Result in inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for the
replacement of IBOR with one or more alternative reference rates;

•

 Result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and
enforceability of provisions in IBOR-based products such as fallback language or other related provisions, including in the case of fallbacks to the alternative reference rates, any economic, legal, operational or other impact resulting from the
fundamental differences between the IBORs and the various alternative reference rates; 

•

 Require the transition and/or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition our
risk management processes from IBOR-based products to those based on one or more alternative reference rates in a timely manner, including by quantifying value and risk for various alternative reference rates, which may prove challenging given the
limited history of the proposed alternative reference rates; and 

•

 Cause us to incur additional costs in relation to any of the above factors. 

Depending on several factors including those set forth above, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely impacted by the market transition or reform of certain benchmarks. Other factors include the pace of the transition to replacement or reformed rates, the specific terms and parameters for and market acceptance of any alternative reference
rate, prices of and the liquidity of trading markets for products based on alternative reference rates, and our ability to transition and develop appropriate systems and analytics for one or more alternative reference rates. 

Competitive Environment 

We face
strong competition from other financial services firms, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

The financial services industry and all aspects of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete with
commercial banks, brokerage firms, insurance companies, exchanges, electronic trading and clearing platforms, financial data repositories, sponsors of mutual funds, hedge funds, energy companies, financial technology firms and other companies
offering financial or ancillary services in the U.S., globally and digitally or through the internet. We compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation,
technology, reputation, risk appetite and price. 
Over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more
concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have left businesses, been acquired by or merged into other firms, or have declared bankruptcy. Such changes could result in our remaining

December 2018 Form 10-K

20

Table of Contents

competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as the ability to offer a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity, or new competitors may emerge. 

We have experienced and may continue to experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to
obtain market share by reducing prices or providing more favorable terms of business. In addition, certain of our competitors may be subject to different, and, in some cases, less stringent, legal and regulatory regimes, than we are, thereby putting
us at a competitive disadvantage. Some new competitors in the financial technology sector have sought to target existing segments of our businesses that could be susceptible to disruption by innovative or less regulated business models. For more
information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, see “Business—Competition” and “Business—Supervision and Regulation.” 

Automated trading markets may adversely affect our business and may increase competition. 

We have experienced intense price competition in some of our businesses in recent years. In particular, the ability to execute securities,
derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities, and other automated trading platforms has increased the pressure on bid-offer spreads, commissions,
markups or comparable fees. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue and will likely increase as additional markets move to more automated trading platforms. We have experienced and it is likely that we
will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors may seek to obtain market share by reducing 
bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or
comparable fees. 

Our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure
to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 

Our people are our most important resource and competition for
qualified employees is intense. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees, or do so at levels or in forms necessary to maintain our competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain
employees become more expensive, our performance, including our competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. 
The
financial industry has experienced and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee compensation, including limitations relating to incentive-based compensation, clawback requirements and special taxation, which could have an
adverse effect on our ability to hire or retain the most qualified employees.

 International Risk 

We are subject to numerous political, economic, legal, tax, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international
operations which could adversely impact our businesses in many ways. 

We are subject to political, economic, legal, tax,
operational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, increased taxes and levies, and other
restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries are uncertain and
evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. 
Our inability to remain in
compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. We are also subject to the risk that transactions we structure might not be
legally enforceable in all cases. 
Various emerging market countries have experienced severe political, economic or financial disruptions,
including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, high rates of inflation and low or negative growth rates in their economies. Crime and corruption, as
well as issues of security and personal safety, also exist in certain of these countries. These conditions could adversely impact our businesses and increase volatility in financial markets generally. 

The emergence of a disease pandemic or other widespread health emergency, or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency as well as
natural disasters, terrorist activities or military actions, could create economic and financial disruptions in emerging markets and other areas throughout the world, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that
could impair our ability to manage our businesses around the world. 
As a U.S. company, we are required to comply with the economic
sanctions and embargo programs administered by OFAC and similar multi-national bodies and governmental agencies worldwide, as well as applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. A violation of a sanction, embargo program, or anti-corruption law could subject us, and individual employees, to a regulatory enforcement action as well as significant civil and criminal penalties.

21

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 The U.K.’s anticipated withdrawal from the E.U. could adversely affect us.

It is difficult to predict the future of the U.K.’s relationship with the E.U., the uncertainty of which may increase the
volatility in the global financial markets in the short- and medium-term and may negatively disrupt regional and global financial markets. Additionally, depending on the outcome, such uncertainty may adversely affect the manner in which we operate
certain of our businesses in Europe. 
On June 23, 2016, the U.K. electorate voted to leave the E.U. On March 29, 2017, the U.K.
invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which triggered a two-year period, subject to extension (which would need the unanimous approval of the E.U. Member States), during which the U.K. government negotiated
a form of withdrawal agreement with the E.U. Absent any changes to this time schedule, the U.K. is expected to leave the E.U. by March 29, 2019. The proposed withdrawal agreement includes a transition period until December 2020 and provides that the
U.K. will leave the E.U. single market and will seek a phased period of implementation for a new 
U.K.-E.U. relationship that may cover the legal and regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions
with significant operations in Europe, such as the Firm. 

The withdrawal agreement was rejected by the U.K. Parliament on January 15,
2019, and the U.K. Government is in the process of negotiating changes to the withdrawal agreement that would be acceptable to the U.K. Parliament and the E.U. As a result, the terms and conditions of the anticipated withdrawal from the E.U. remain
uncertain. 
The ongoing political uncertainty in relation to the proposed withdrawal agreement in the U.K. means there is a risk that
these arrangements may not be ready for implementation by March 29, 2019 or that there will be no transition period. Potential effects of the U.K. exit from the E.U. and potential mitigation actions may vary considerably depending on the timing of
withdrawal, the nature of any transition, implementation or successor arrangements, and the future trading arrangements between the U.K. and the E.U. 

If the withdrawal agreement (or any alternative agreement) is not agreed and as a result no transition period applies, our U.K. licensed
entities may be unable to rely on E.U. passporting rights to provide services in a number of E.U. jurisdictions beginning March 29, 2019, absent further regulatory relief. Even if a transition period is agreed, our U.K. licensed entities may lose
their rights to provide services in a number of E.U. jurisdictions after such transition period unless the new U.K.-E.U. relationship provides for such rights.

 In order to prepare for this risk, we are taking steps to make changes to our European
operations in an effort to ensure that we can continue to provide cross-border banking and investment and other services in E.U. Member States without the need for separate regulatory authorizations in each member state. See also
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments.” However, as a result of the political uncertainty
described above, it is currently unclear what the final post-Brexit structure of our European operations will be. Given the potential negative disruption to regional and global financial markets, and depending on the extent to which we may be
required to make material changes to our European operations beyond those currently planned, our results of operations and business prospects could be negatively affected. 

Acquisition, Divestiture and Joint Venture Risk 

We may be unable to fully capture the expected value from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic
alliances. 

In connection with past or future acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic alliances
(including with MUFG), we face numerous risks and uncertainties combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management
controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. In the case of joint ventures and minority stakes, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon, and subject
to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control. 
In addition,
conflicts or disagreements between us and any of our joint venture partners may negatively impact the benefits to be achieved by the relevant joint venture. 

There is no assurance that any of our acquisitions or divestitures will be successfully integrated or disaggregated or yield all of the
positive benefits anticipated. If we are not able to integrate or disaggregate successfully our past and future acquisitions or dispositions, there is a risk that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and
adversely affected. 
Certain of our business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses, may bring us into contact, directly
or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to new asset classes and new markets. These business activities

December 2018 Form 10-K

22

Table of Contents

expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign and operational risks, and reputational concerns regarding the manner in
which these assets are being operated or held. 
For more information regarding the regulatory environment in which we operate, see also
“Business—Supervision and Regulation.” 

23

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Selected Financial Data 

 Income Statement Data 

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 Revenues

 Total
non-interest revenues
1

 $

   36,301

 $

   34,645

 $

   30,933

 $

   32,062

 $

   32,540

 Interest income

 13,892

 8,997

 7,016

 5,835

 5,413

 Interest expense

 10,086

 5,697

 3,318

 2,742

 3,678

 Net interest

 3,806

 3,300

 3,698

 3,093

 1,735

 Net revenues

 40,107

 37,945

 34,631

 35,155

 34,275

 Non-interest expenses

 Compensation and benefits

 17,632

 17,166

 15,878

 16,016

 17,824

Non-compensation expenses
1

 11,238

 10,376

 9,905

 10,644

 12,860

 Total
non-interest expenses

 28,870

 27,542

 25,783

 26,660

 30,684

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

11,237

10,403

8,848

8,495

3,591

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

2,350

4,168

2,726

2,200

(90

) 

Income from continuing operations

8,887

6,235

6,122

6,295

3,681

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

(4

) 

(19

) 

1

(16

) 

(14

) 

Net income

$

8,883

$

6,216

$

6,123

$

6,279

$

3,667

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

135

105

144

152

200

Net income applicable toMorgan Stanley

$

8,748

$

6,111

$

5,979

$

6,127

$

3,467

Preferred stock dividends and other

526

523

471

456

315

Earnings applicable toMorgan Stanley
common shareholders

$

8,222

$

5,588

$

5,508

$

5,671

$

3,152

Amounts applicable to
Morgan Stanley

Income from continuing operations

$

8,752

$

6,130

$

5,978

$

6,143

$

3,481

Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(4

) 

(19

) 

1

(16

) 

(14

) 

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

8,748

$

6,111

$

5,979

$

6,127

$

3,467

Effective income tax rate from continuing operations

20.9

% 

40.1

% 

30.8

% 

25.9

% 

(2.5

)% 

 Operating Data 

      2018

    2017

    2016

    2015

    2014

 ROE2, 3

         11.8

 % 

         8.0

 % 

         8.0

 % 

         8.5

 % 

         4.8

 % 

 ROTCE2, 3

 13.5

 % 

 9.2

 % 

 9.3

 % 

 9.9

 % 

 5.7

 % 

Common Share-Related Data 

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 Per common share

 Earnings (basic)4

 $

         4.81

 $

         3.14

 $

         2.98

 $

         2.97

 $

         1.64

 Earnings (diluted)4

 4.73

 3.07

 2.92

 2.90

 1.60

 Book value5

 42.20

 38.52

 36.99

 35.24

 33.25

 Tangible book value3, 5

 36.99

 33.46

 31.98

 30.26

 28.26

 Dividends declared

 1.10

 0.90

 0.70

 0.55

 0.35

Common shares
outstanding

in millions

 At December 31

 1,700

 1,788

 1,852

 1,920

 1,951

 Annual average:

 Basic

 1,708

 1,780

 1,849

 1,909

 1,924

 Diluted

 1,738

 1,821

 1,887

 1,953

 1,971

Balance Sheet Data 

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 GLR6

 $

   249,735

 $

   192,660

 $

   202,297

 $

   203,264

 $

   193,169

 Loans7

 115,579

 104,126

 94,248

 85,759

 66,577

 Total assets

 853,531

 851,733

 814,949

 787,465

 801,510

 Deposits

 187,820

 159,436

 155,863

 156,034

 133,544

 Borrowings

 189,662

 192,582

 165,716

 155,941

 155,033

 Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity

 80,246

 77,391

 76,050

 75,182

 70,900

 Common shareholders’ equity

 71,726

 68,871

 68,530

 67,662

 64,880

 Tangible common shareholders’ equity3

 62,879

 59,829

 59,234

 58,098

 55,137

1.

 Effective January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, which, among other things, requires a gross presentation of certain costs that were previously netted against net revenues. Prior periods have not been restated pursuant to this guidance. Refer to note 21 to the financial statements
for further information on the full impact of adoption of this new accounting guidance. 

2.

 The calculation of ROE and ROTCE equal net income applicable to Morgan Stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage
of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively. 

3.

 Represents a non-GAAP measure. See “Executive Summary—Selected 
Non-GAAP Financial Information.” 

4.

 For the calculation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share, see Note 16 to the financial statements.

5.

 Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share equal common shareholders’ equity and
tangible common shareholders’ equity, respectively, divided by common shares outstanding. 

6.

 For a discussion of the GLR, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity Risk Management
Framework—Global Liquidity Reserve” herein. 

7.

 Amounts include loans held for investment (net of allowance) and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value,
which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheets (see Note 7 to the financial statements). 

December 2018 Form 10-K

24

Table of Contents

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Introduction 

 Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions
in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group
of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley,” “Firm,” “us,” “we” or “our”
mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. We define the following as part of our consolidated financial statements (“financial statements”): consolidated income statements
(“income statements”), consolidated balance sheets (“balance sheets”) and consolidated cash flow statements (“cash flow statements”). See the “Glossary of Common Acronyms” for the definition of certain
acronyms used throughout the 2018 Form 10-K. 

A description of the clients and principal products
and services of each of our business segments is as follows: 
Institutional Securities provides investment
banking, sales and trading, lending and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions, and high to ultra-high net worth clients. Investment banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including
services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. Sales and trading services include sales, financing, prime brokerage and
market-making activities in equity and fixed income products, including foreign exchange and commodities. Lending activities include originating corporate loans, commercial mortgage lending, asset-backed lending, and financing extended to sales and
trading customers. Other activities include investments and research.

 Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services
and solutions to individual investors and small to 
medium-sized businesses and institutions covering brokerage and investment advisory services; financial and wealth planning services; annuity and insurance
products; securities-based lending, residential real estate loans and other lending products; banking and retirement plan services. 

Investment Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset
classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products include equity, fixed income, liquidity and alternative/other products. Institutional clients include
defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are served through intermediaries, including
affiliated and 
non-affiliated distributors. 

The results of operations in the past have been, and
in the future may continue to be, materially affected by competition; risk factors; and legislative, legal and regulatory developments; as well as other factors. These factors also may have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our strategic
objectives. Additionally, the discussion of our results of operations herein may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, which reflect management’s beliefs and expectations, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “Forward-Looking Statements,” “Business—Competition,” “Business—Supervision and
Regulation,” “Risk Factors” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein. 

25

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Executive Summary 

Overview of Financial Results 

Consolidated Results 

Net Revenues
1

($ in millions) 

Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley 

($ in millions) 

Earnings per Common Share2 

 Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley and Diluted EPS on a U.S. GAAP and Adjusted Basis 

 $ in millions, except per share data

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

 U.S. GAAP

 $

     8,748

 $

     6,111

 $

     5,979

Adjusted—Non-GAAP
3

 8,545

 7,079

 5,911

 Earnings per diluted common share

 U.S. GAAP2

 $

 4.73

 $

 3.07

 $

 2.92

Adjusted—Non-GAAP
3

 4.61

 3.60

 2.88

1.

 Effective January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, which among other things, requires a gross presentation of certain costs that were previously netted against net revenues. Prior periods have not been restated pursuant to this guidance. Refer to note 21 to the financial statements
for further information on the full impact of adoption of this new accounting guidance. 

2.

 For the calculation of basic and diluted EPS, see Note 16 to the financial statements. 

3.

 Represents a non-GAAP measure, see “Selected 
non-GAAP Financial Information” herein. Adjusted amounts exclude intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits). Beginning in 2017, income tax consequences associated with employee share-based awards are
recognized in Provision for income taxes in the income statements but are excluded from the intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits) adjustment as we anticipate conversion activity each year. For further information on the net discrete
tax provisions (benefits), see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein. 

2018 Compared with 2017 

•

 We reported net revenues of $40,107 million in 2018 compared with $37,945 million in 2017. For 2018,
net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was $8,748 million, or $4.73 per diluted common share, compared with $6,111 million, or $3.07 per diluted common share, in 2017. 

•

 Results for 2018 include intermittent net discrete tax benefits of $203 million, or $0.12 per diluted
common share, primarily associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations. In addition, the effective tax rate in 2018 is lower than in 2017, primarily as a result of the
enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Tax Act”). 

•

 Results for 2017 included an intermittent net discrete tax provision of $968 million, or $0.53 per
diluted common share, primarily related to the impact of the Tax Act, partially offset by net discrete tax benefits related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax
examinations. For a discussion of the Tax Act and the net discrete tax benefits, see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein.

December 2018 Form 10-K

26

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•

 Excluding the intermittent net discrete tax items, net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was
$8,545 million, or $4.61 per diluted common share, compared with $7,079 million, or $3.60 per diluted common share, in 2017 (see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein).

2017 compared with 2016 

•

 We reported net revenues of $37,945 million in 2017 compared with $34,631 million in 2016. For 2017,
net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was $6,111 million, or $3.07 per diluted common share, compared with $5,979 million, or $2.92 per diluted common share, in 2016. 

•

 Refer to the 2018 compared with 2017 commentary above for the 2017 intermittent net discrete tax impact.
Results for 2016 included intermittent net discrete tax benefits of $68 million, or $0.04 per diluted common share, primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of
multi-year IRS tax examinations, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters. 

•

 Excluding the intermittent net discrete tax items, net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was
$7,079 million, or $3.60 per diluted common share, in 2017 compared with $5,911 million, or $2.88 per diluted common share, in 2016 (see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein).

Non-interest Expenses

1, 2

($ in millions) 

1.

 The percentages on the bars in the chart represent the contribution of compensation and benefits expenses and non-compensation expenses to the total. 

2.

 Effective January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, which among other things, requires a gross presentation of certain costs that were previously netted against net revenues. Prior periods have not been restated pursuant to this guidance. Refer to note 21 to the financial statements
for further information on the full impact of adoption of this new accounting guidance.

 2018 Compared with 2017 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses of $17,632 million in 2018 increased 3% from $17,166 million in
2017. The 2018 results reflected increases in discretionary incentive compensation mainly driven by higher revenues and a reduction in the portion of discretionary incentive compensation subject to deferral (“compensation deferral
modification”), as well as salaries across all business segments, the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives, and amortization of deferred cash and equity awards. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the fair
value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses were $11,238 million in 2018 compared
with $10,376 million in 2017, representing an 8% increase. This increase was primarily a result of higher volume-related expenses, the gross presentation of certain expenses due to the adoption of the accounting update 
Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (see Notes 2 and 21 to the financial statements for further information) and increased investment in technology, partially offset by lower litigation expenses. 

2017 Compared with 2016 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses of $17,166 million in 2017 increased 8% from $15,878 million in
2016. The 2017 results reflected increases in the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives linked to higher revenues, the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced, discretionary incentive
compensation mainly driven by higher revenues and deferred compensation associated with carried interest in the Investment Management business segment. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses were $10,376 million in 2017 compared
with $9,905 million in 2016, representing a 5% increase. This increase was primarily a result of higher volume-related expenses and litigation costs.

27

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Business Segment Results 

Net Revenues by Segment
1, 2, 3

($ in millions) 

Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley by Segment
1, 4

($ in millions) 

1.

 The percentages on the bars in the charts represent the contribution of each business segment to the total. Amounts
do not necessarily total to 100% due to intersegment eliminations, where applicable. 

2.

 The total amount of Net Revenues by Segment includes intersegment eliminations of $(463) million in 2018, $(290)
million in 2017 and $(290) million in 2016. 

3.

 Effective January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to Revenues from Contracts with
Customers, which had the effect of increasing the revenues reported in the Institutional Securities and Investment Management business segments. For further information, see “Business Segments––Institutional Securities” and
“Business Segments—Investment Management.” 

4.

 The total amount of Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley by Segment includes intersegment eliminations of $(6)
million in 2018, $4 million in 2017 and $1 million in 2016.

 2018 Compared with 2017 

•

 Institutional Securities net revenues of $20,582 million in 2018 increased 9% from 2017, primarily
reflecting higher revenues from both sales and trading and Investment banking. 

•

 Wealth Management net revenues of $17,242 million in 2018 increased 2% from 2017, primarily reflecting
growth in Asset management revenues, partially offset by reduced Trading revenues. 

•

 Investment Management net revenues of $2,746 million in 2018 increased 6% from 2017, primarily reflecting
higher Asset management revenues, partially offset by lower investment gains. 

2017 Compared with 2016

•

 Institutional Securities net revenues of $18,813 million in 2017 increased 8% from 2016, primarily
reflecting higher revenues from Investment banking. 

•

 Wealth Management net revenues of $16,836 million in 2017 increased 10% from 2016, primarily reflecting
growth in Asset management revenues and Net interest income. 

•

 Investment Management net revenues of $2,586 million in 2017 increased 22% from 2016, primarily
reflecting higher revenues from Investments and Asset management. 

Net Revenues by Region
1, 2

($ in millions) 

1.

 For a discussion of how the geographic breakdown for net revenues is determined, see Note 21 to the financial
statements. 

2.

 The percentages on the bars in the charts represent the contribution of each region to the total.

December 2018 Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Selected Financial Information and Other Statistical Data 

$ in millions

    2018      

    2017      

    2016        

 Expense efficiency ratio1

 72.0%

 72.6%

 74.5%

 ROE2

 11.8%

 8.0%

 8.0%

 Adjusted ROE2, 
3

 11.5%

 9.4%

 7.9%

 ROTCE2

 13.5%

 9.2%

 9.3%

 Adjusted ROTCE2, 3

 13.2%

 10.8%

 9.1%

 Worldwide employees

 60,348

 57,633

 55,311

 At

December 31,2018

 At

December 31,2017

  Capital
ratios
4

  Common Equity Tier 1 capital 

 16.9%

 16.5%

  Tier 1 capital 

 19.2%

 18.9%

  Total capital 

 21.8%

 21.7%

  Tier 1 leverage 

 8.4%

 8.3%

  SLR5

 6.5%

 6.5%

1.

 The expense efficiency ratio represents total non-interest expense as a
percentage of net revenues. 

2.

 Represents a non-GAAP measure. See “Selected 
Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein. 

3.

 Adjusted amounts exclude intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits). Beginning in 2017, income tax
consequences associated with employee share-based awards are recognized in Provision for income taxes in the income statements but are excluded from the intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits) adjustment as we anticipate conversion
activity each year. For further information on the net discrete tax provisions (benefits), see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein. 

4.

 Beginning in 2018, our risk-based capital ratios are based on the Standardized Approach fully phased-in rules. At December 31, 2017, our risk-based capital ratios were based on the Standardized Approach transitional rules. For a discussion of our regulatory capital ratios, see “Liquidity and
Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein. 

5.

 The SLR became effective as a capital standard on January 1, 2018; the SLR for 2017 was a non-GAAP 
pro-forma estimate. For a discussion of the SLR, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein. 

Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information 

We prepare our financial statements using U.S. GAAP. From time to time, we may disclose certain
“non-GAAP financial measures” in this document or in the course of our earnings releases, earnings and other conference calls, financial presentations, Definitive Proxy Statement and otherwise. A 
“non-GAAP financial measure” excludes, or includes, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We consider the

non-GAAP financial measures we disclose to be useful to us, investors and analysts by providing further transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing, our financial condition, operating results,
prospective regulatory capital requirements or capital adequacy.

 These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, U.S. GAAP and may be different
from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Whenever we refer to a 
non-GAAP financial measure, we will also generally define it or
present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the U.S. GAAP financial measure and the

non-GAAP financial measure. 

The principal non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this document are set forth below. 

Reconciliations from U.S. GAAP to Non-GAAP
Consolidated Financial Measures 

 $ in millions, except per share data

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

 $

         8,748

 $

         6,111

 $

         5,979

 Impact of adjustments

 (203

 ) 

 968

 (68

 ) 

 Adjusted net income applicable to Morgan Stanley—non-GAAP
1

 $

 8,545

 $

 7,079

 $

 5,911

 Earnings per diluted common share

 $

 4.73

 $

 3.07

 $

 2.92

 Impact of adjustments

 (0.12

 ) 

 0.53

 (0.04

 ) 

 Adjusted earnings per diluted common share —non-GAAP
1

 $

 4.61

 $

 3.60

 $

 2.88

 Effective income tax rate

 20.9%

 40.1%

 30.8%

 Impact of adjustments

 1.8%

 (9.3)%

 0.8%

 Adjusted effective income tax rate—non-GAAP
1

 22.7%

 30.8%

 31.6%

 $ in millions

 AtDecember 31,
2018

 AtDecember 31,
2017

 Tangible equity

 U.S. GAAP

 Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity

 $

 80,246

 $

 77,391

 Less: Goodwill and net intangible assets

 (8,847

 ) 

 (9,042

 ) 

 Tangible Morgan Stanleyshareholders’

equity—non-GAAP

 $

 71,399

 $

 68,349

 U.S. GAAP

 Common equity

 $

 71,726

 $

 68,871

 Less: Goodwill and net intangible assets

 (8,847

 ) 

 (9,042

 ) 

 Tangible common equity—non-GAAP

 $

 62,879

 $

 59,829

29

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Average Monthly Balance

Twelve Months Ended

 December 31,

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Tangible equity

 U.S. GAAP

 Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity

 $

       78,497

 $

       78,230

 $

     76,390

 Junior subordinated debentures issued to capital
trusts

 —

 —

 1,753

 Less: Goodwill and net
intangible assets

 (8,985

 ) 

 (9,158

 ) 

 (9,410

 ) 

 Tangible Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity—non-GAAP

 $

 69,512

 $

 69,072

 $

 68,733

 U.S. GAAP

 Common equity

 $

 69,977

 $

 69,787

 $

 68,870

 Less: Goodwill and net intangible assets

 (8,985

 ) 

 (9,158

 ) 

 (9,410

 ) 

 Tangible common equity—non-GAAP

 $

 60,992

 $

 60,629

 $

 59,460

Consolidated Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 $ in billions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Average common equity

 Unadjusted

 $

       70.0

 $

       69.8

 $

       68.9

 Adjusted1

 69.9

 69.9

 68.9

ROE2

 Unadjusted

 11.8%

 8.0%

 8.0%

 Adjusted1, 3

 11.5%

 9.4%

 7.9%

 Average tangible common equity

 Unadjusted

 $

 61.0

 $

 60.6

 $

 59.5

 Adjusted1

 60.9

 60.7

 59.5

ROTCE
2

 Unadjusted

 13.5%

 9.2%

 9.3%

 Adjusted1, 3

 13.2%

 10.8%

 9.1%

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures by Business Segment 

 $ in billions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Pre-tax margin

4

 Institutional Securities

 30%

 30%

 29%

 Wealth Management

 26%

 26%

 22%

 Investment Management

 17%

 18%

 14%

 Consolidated

 28%

 27%

 26%

 Average common equity
5

 Institutional Securities

 $

 40.8

 $

 40.2

 $

 43.2

 Wealth Management

 16.8

 17.2

 15.3

 Investment Management

 2.6

 2.4

 2.8

 Parent

 9.8

 10.0

 7.6

 Consolidated averagecommon
equity

 $

 70.0

 $

 69.8

 $

 68.9

 Average tangible common equity
5

 Institutional Securities

 $

 40.1

 $

 39.6

 $

 42.6

 Wealth Management

 9.2

 9.3

 7.1

 Investment Management

 1.7

 1.6

 2.0

 Parent

 10.0

 10.1

 7.8

 Consolidated averagetangible common
equity

 $

 61.0

 $

 60.6

 $

 59.5

 ROE
2,
6

 Institutional Securities

 11.0%

 7.8%

 7.6%

 Wealth Management

         20.0%

         12.9%

         13.3%

 Investment Management

 14.2%

 10.1%

 7.7%

 Consolidated

 11.8%

 8.0%

 8.0%

 ROTCE
2,
6

 Institutional Securities

 11.2%

 7.9%

 7.7%

 Wealth Management

 36.6%

 23.8%

 28.5%

 Investment Management

 22.2%

 14.8%

 10.7%

 Consolidated

 13.5%

 9.2%

 9.3%

1.

 Adjusted amounts exclude intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits). Beginning in 2017, income tax
consequences associated with employee share-based awards are recognized in Provision for income taxes in the income statements but are excluded from the intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits) adjustment as we anticipate conversion
activity each year. For further information on the net discrete tax provisions (benefits), see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein. 

2.

 ROE and ROTCE equal net income applicable to Morgan Stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average common
equity and average tangible common equity, on a consolidated basis as indicated. When excluding intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits), both the numerator and average denominator are adjusted. 

3.

 The calculations used in determining our “ROE and ROTCE Targets” referred to in the following section are the
Adjusted ROE and Adjusted ROTCE amounts shown in this table. 

4.

 Pre-tax margin represents income from continuing operations before income taxes
as a percentage of net revenues. 

5.

 Average common equity and average tangible common equity for each business segment are determined using our Required
Capital framework (see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework” herein). 

6.

 The calculation of the ROE and ROTCE by segment uses the net income applicable to Morgan Stanley by segment less
preferred dividends allocated to each segment as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively, allocated to each segment.

December 2018 Form 10-K

30

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Return on Equity and Tangible Common Equity Targets 

We have established an ROE Target of 10% to 13% and an ROTCE Target of 11.5% to 14.5%. Excluding the impact of intermittent net discrete tax
items, we generated an 11.5% ROE and a 13.2% ROTCE for 2018. 
Our ROE and ROTCE Targets are forward-looking statements that may be
materially affected by many factors, including, among other things: macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment;
outsized legal expenses or penalties and the ability to maintain a reduced level of expenses; and capital levels. See “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” for additional information. 

For non-GAAP measures (ROE and ROTCE), see “Selected

Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein. For information on the impact of intermittent net discrete tax items, see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters”
herein. 

Business Segments 

Substantially all of our operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to our business segments. Certain revenues and
expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures. 

As a result of treating certain intersegment transactions as transactions with external parties, we include an Intersegment Eliminations
category to reconcile the business segment results to our consolidated results. See Note 21 to the financial statements for further information. 
Net
Revenues 

Investment Banking.
    Investment banking revenues are composed of fees from advisory
services and revenues from the underwriting of securities offerings and syndication of loans, net of syndication expenses. 

Trading.
    Trading revenues include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of financial
instruments in which we act as a market maker, as well as gains and losses on our related positions and other positions carried at fair value. Trading revenues include the realized gains and losses from sales of cash instruments and derivative
settlements, unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of our positions related to market-making activities, and gains and losses related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans and other
positions carried at fair value. In many markets, the realized and unrealized gains and losses

from the purchase and sale transactions will include any spreads between bids and offers. Certain fees received on loans carried at fair value and dividends from equity securities are also
recorded in Trading revenues since they relate to positions carried at fair value. 
As a market maker, we stand ready to buy, sell or
otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions and to provide firm or indicative prices in response to customer requests. Our liquidity obligations can be explicit in some cases, and in others, customers expect us to be
willing to transact with them. In order to most effectively fulfill our market-making function, we engage in activities across all of our trading businesses that include, but are not limited to: 

(i)

 taking positions in anticipation of, and in response to, customer demand to buy or sell and—depending
on the liquidity of the relevant market and the size of the position—to hold those positions for a period of time; 

(ii)

 building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory through trades with other market participants;

(iii)

 managing and assuming basis risk (risk associated with imperfect hedging) between customized customer risks
and the standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks; 

(iv)

 trading in the market to remain current on pricing and trends; and 

(v)

 engaging in other activities to provide efficiency and liquidity for markets. 

Interest income and expense are also impacted by market-making activities, as debt securities held by us earn interest and securities are
loaned, borrowed, sold with agreements to repurchase and purchased with agreements to resell. 
We invest in investments or other financial
instruments to economically hedge our obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. Changes in the value of such investments are recorded in either Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Expenses associated with the related deferred
compensation plans are recorded in Compensation and benefits. See “Compensation Expense” herein for more details. 

Investments.
    Our investments are generally held for long-term appreciation, for hedging purposes, or as
part of offering related products or services. 

Typically, there are no fee revenues from these investments. The revenues recorded are the
result of realized gains and losses from sales and unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of our positions, as well as from investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation and
co-investment plans. Estimates of the fair value of the investments may involve significant judgment

31

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions. 

Certain investments are subject to sales restrictions or are required to be held in order to carry out related activities. 

Commissions and Fees.
    Commission and fee revenues primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and
OTC equity securities, services related to sales and trading activities, and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options. Commissions received for purchasing and selling listed equity securities and options are recorded in
Commissions and fees. Other cash and derivative instruments typically do not have fees associated with them, and fees for any related services are recorded in Commissions and fees. 

Asset Management.
    Asset management revenues include fees associated with the management and supervision
of assets, account services and administration, performance-based fees relating to certain funds, separately managed accounts, shareholder servicing and the distribution of certain open-ended mutual funds. 

Net Interest.
    Interest income and Interest expense are functions of the level and mix of total assets and
liabilities, including Trading assets and Trading liabilities, Investment securities (which include AFS and HTM securities), Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase,
Loans, Deposits and Borrowings. In addition, Net interest is a function of trading strategies, customer activity in the prime brokerage business, and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest rates. 

Other.
    Other revenues include revenues from equity method investments, realized gains and losses on AFS
securities, gains and losses on loan commitments and loans held for sale, provision for loan losses, and other miscellaneous revenues. 

Net Revenues by
Segment 

Institutional Securities 

Net revenues are composed of Investment banking revenues, sales and trading net revenues, Investments and Other revenues. 

For information about the composition of Investment banking revenues, see “Net Revenues” herein. 

Sales and trading net revenues are composed of Trading revenues, Commissions and fees, Asset management revenues and Net interest. In
assessing the profitability of our sales and trading activities, we view these net revenues in the aggregate. Decisions relating to trading are based on an overall review of

aggregate revenues and costs associated with each transaction or series of transactions. This review includes, among other things, an assessment of the potential gain or loss associated with a
transaction, including any associated commissions and fees, dividends, the interest income or expense associated with financing or hedging our positions and other related expenses. 

Following is a description of the sales and trading activities within our equities and fixed income businesses, as well as how their results
impact the income statement line items. 
Equities—Financing. We provide financing and prime brokerage services to our clients
active in the equity markets through a variety of products, including margin lending, securities lending and swaps. Results from this business are largely driven by the difference between financing income earned and financing costs incurred, which
are reflected in Net interest for securities and equity lending products and in Trading revenues for derivative products. 

Equities—Execution services. A significant portion of the results for this business is generated by commissions and fees from
executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges, as well as from OTC transactions. We make markets for our clients in equity-related securities and derivative products, including providing liquidity and hedging
products. Market making also generates gains and losses on inventory positions, which are reflected in Trading revenues. 

Fixed
income—Within fixed income, we make markets in order to facilitate client activity as part of the following products and services: 

•

 Global macro products. We make markets for our clients in interest rate, foreign exchange and emerging
market products, including exchange-traded and OTC securities and derivative instruments. The results of this market-making activity are primarily driven by gains and losses from buying and selling positions to stand ready for and satisfy client
demand and are recorded in Trading revenues. 

•

 Credit products. We make markets in credit-sensitive products, such as corporate bonds and mortgage
securities and other securitized products, and related derivative instruments. The values of positions in this business are sensitive to changes in credit spreads and interest rates, which result in gains and losses reflected in Trading revenues. We
undertake lending activities, which include commercial mortgage lending, asset-backed lending and financing extended to customers. Due to the amount and type of the interest-bearing securities and loans making up this business, a significant portion
of the results is also reflected in Net interest revenues. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

32

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•

 Commodities products and Other. We make markets in various commodity products related primarily to
electricity, natural gas, oil and precious metals, with the results primarily reflected in Trading revenues. Other activities primarily include results from the centralized management of our fixed income derivative counterparty exposures, which are
primarily recorded in Trading revenues. 

Other sales and trading revenues include impacts from certain central treasury
functions, such as liquidity costs and gains (losses) on economic hedges related to certain borrowings, as well as certain activities associated with corporate lending. 

For information about revenues from Investments, see “Net Revenues” herein. 

Other revenues include revenues from equity method investments, gains and losses on held for sale loans and lending commitments, fees earned
in association with lending activities, provision for loan losses and other miscellaneous revenues. 
Wealth Management 

Net revenues are composed of Transactional, Asset management, Net interest and Other revenues. 

Transactional revenues include Investment banking, Trading, and Commissions and fees. Investment banking revenues include revenues from the
distribution of equity and fixed income securities, including initial public offerings, secondary offerings, closed-end funds and unit trusts. Trading revenues primarily include revenues from customers’
purchases and sales of fixed income financial instruments, in which we act as principal, and gains and losses associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans. Revenues from Commissions and fees primarily arise from agency transactions
in listed and OTC equity securities and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options. 

Asset management revenues
primarily consist of revenues from individual and institutional investors electing a fee-based pricing arrangement. Wealth Management also receives mutual fund distribution fees, which are based on either the
average daily fund net asset balances or average daily aggregate net fund sales and are affected by changes in the overall level and mix of AUM. 

Net interest income includes interest on lending activities, interest on AFS and HTM securities, interest related to Deposits and other net
interest. Interest income and Interest expense are functions of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities. Net interest is driven by securities-based lending, mortgage lending, margin loans, brokerage sweep deposits, time deposits and other
funding sources. 

 Other revenues include revenues from realized gains and losses on AFS securities, provision for
loan losses, referral fees and other miscellaneous revenues. 
Investment Management 

Net revenues are composed of Investments and Asset management revenues. 

Investments revenues are primarily derived from investments made as part of our product offerings. In certain cases these investments are
subject to sales restrictions. In addition to the gains and losses discussed previously, Investments revenues for Investment Management also contain performance fees from fund management activities in the form of carried interest, a portion of which
is subject to reversal. Additionally, there are certain sponsored Investment Management funds consolidated by us where revenues are primarily related to holders of noncontrolling interests. 

Asset management revenues include revenues from investment management services we provide to investment vehicles pursuant to various
contractual arrangements. We receive fees primarily based upon mutual fund daily average net assets or based on monthly or quarterly invested equity for other vehicles. Performance-based fees, not in the form of carried interest, are earned on
certain products as a percentage of appreciation earned by those products and, in certain cases, are based upon the achievement of performance criteria. These fees are generally recognized annually. 

Compensation Expense 

Compensation and
benefits expense includes accruals for base salaries and fixed allowances, formulaic programs, discretionary incentive compensation, amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, changes in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred
compensation plans are referenced, carried interest, severance costs, and other items such as health and welfare benefits. 
The factors
that drive compensation for our employees vary from quarter to quarter, from segment to segment and within a segment. For certain revenue-producing employees in the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, compensation is
largely paid on the basis of formulaic payouts that link employee compensation to revenues. Compensation for most other employees, including revenue-producing employees in the Institutional Securities business segment, may also include incentive
compensation that is determined following the assessment of the Firm’s, business unit’s and individual’s performance. Compensation for our remaining employees is largely fixed in nature (i.e., base salary and benefits).

33

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation plans is calculated based on the
notional value of the award granted, adjusted for upward and downward changes in fair value of the referenced investment, and is recognized ratably over the prescribed vesting period for the award. However, there may be a timing difference between
the immediate revenue recognition of gains and losses on our investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period.

 Income Taxes 

The income tax provision for our business segments is generally determined based on the revenues, expenses and activities directly
attributable to each business segment. Certain items have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues or other relevant
measures.

December 2018 Form 10-K

34

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Institutional Securities 

Income Statement Information 

 % Change

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2018

 2017

 Revenues

 Investment banking

 $

 6,088

 $

 5,537

 $

 4,476

 10%

 24%

 Trading

 11,191

 10,295

 9,387

 9%

 10%

 Investments

 182

 368

 147

 (51)%

 150%

 Commissions and fees

 2,671

 2,433

 2,456

 10%

 (1)%

 Asset management

 421

 359

 293

 17%

 23%

 Other

 535

 630

 535

 (15)%

 18%

 Total
non-interest revenues

 21,088

 19,622

 17,294

 7%

 13%

 Interest income

 9,271

 5,377

 4,005

 72%

 34%

 Interest expense

 9,777

 6,186

 3,840

 58%

 61%

 Net interest

 (506

 ) 

 (809

 ) 

 165

 37%

 N/M

 Net revenues

 20,582

 18,813

 17,459

 9%

 8%

 Compensation and benefits

 6,958

 6,625

 6,275

 5%

 6%

Non-compensation expenses

 7,364

 6,544

 6,061

 13%

 8%

 Total
non-interest expenses

 14,322

 13,169

 12,336

 9%

 7%

 Income from continuing operations beforeincome
taxes

 6,260

 5,644

 5,123

 11%

 10%

 Provision for income taxes

 1,230

 1,993

 1,318

 (38)%

 51%

 Income from continuing operations

 5,030

 3,651

 3,805

 38%

 (4)%

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
income taxes

 (6

 ) 

 (19

 ) 

 (1

 ) 

 68%

 N/M

 Net income

 5,024

 3,632

 3,804

 38%

 (5)%

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling
interests

 118

 96

 155

 23%

 (38)%

 Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

 $

 4,906

 $

 3,536

 $

 3,649

 39%

 (3)%

 Investment Banking 

Investment Banking Revenues 

 % Change

 $ in millions

     2018

     2017

     2016

 2018

 2017

 Advisory

 $

   2,436

 $

   2,077

 $

   2,220

 17%

 (6)%

 Underwriting:

 Equity

 1,726

 1,484

 887

 16%

 67%

 Fixed income

 1,926

 1,976

 1,369

 (3)%

 44%

 Total underwriting

 3,652

 3,460

 2,256

 6%

 53%

 Total Investment banking

 $

 6,088

 $

 5,537

 $

 4,476

 10%

 24%

Investment Banking Volumes 

 $ in billions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Completed mergers and acquisitions1

 $

     1,098

 $

     749

 $

     1,023

 Equity and equity-related offerings2, 3

 64

 65

 45

 Fixed income offerings2, 4

 223

 268

 236

Source: Thomson Reuters, data as of January 2, 2019. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a
given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or change in the value of a transaction. 

1.

 Includes transactions of $100 million or more. Based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction.

2.

 Based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. 

3.

 Includes Rule 144A issuances and registered public offerings of common stock and convertible securities and rights
offerings. 

4.

 Includes Rule 144A and publicly registered issuances, non-convertible
preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. Excludes leveraged loans and 
self-led issuances. 

2018 Compared with 2017 

Investment
banking revenues of $6,088 million in 2018 increased 10% from 2017. The adoption of the accounting update Revenue from Contracts with Customers had the effect of increasing the revenues reported in investment banking by approximately
$283 million in 2018 compared with 2017 (see Notes 2 and 21 to the financial statements for further information). The drivers of the increase in our Investment banking revenues, other than the effect of the above accounting update, were: 

•

 Advisory revenues increased primarily as a result of higher volumes of completed M&A activity (see
Investment Banking Volumes table), partially offset by lower fee realizations. 

•

 Equity underwriting revenues increased as a result of higher fee realizations. Revenues increased in IPOs and
convertible offerings, partially offset by lower revenues from secondary block share trades. 

35

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•

 Fixed income underwriting revenues decreased primarily as a result of lower volumes, partially offset by the
effect of higher fee realizations. Revenues decreased in bond underwriting fees, partially offset by higher loan fees. 

2017 Compared
with 2016 

Investment banking revenues of $5,537 million in 2017 increased 24% from 2016 due to higher underwriting revenues,
partially offset by lower advisory revenues. 

•

 Advisory revenues decreased reflecting the lower volumes of completed M&A (see Investment Banking Volumes
table), partially offset by the positive impact of higher fee realizations. 

•

 Equity underwriting revenues increased as a result of higher global market volumes in both follow-on and initial public offerings (see Investment Banking Volumes table) combined with a higher share of fees. 

•

 Fixed income underwriting revenues increased due to higher bond fees and
non-investment grade loan fees. 

Sales and Trading Net Revenues

By Income Statement Line Item

   % Change

 $ in millions

      2018

        2017

       2016

 2018

 2017

 Trading

 $

   11,191

 $

   10,295

 $

 9,387

 9%

 10%

 Commissions and fees

 2,671

 2,433

 2,456

 10%

 (1)%

 Asset management

 421

 359

 293

 17%

 23%

 Net interest

 (506

 ) 

 (809

 ) 

 165

 37%

 N/M

 Total

 $

 13,777

 $

 12,278

 $

   12,301

 12%

 N/M

By Business 

% Change    

 $ in millions

      2018

        2017

       2016

 2018

 2017

 Equity

 $

 8,976

 $

 7,982

 $

 8,037

 12%

 (1)%

 Fixed income

 5,005

 4,928

 5,117

 2%

 (4)%

 Other

 (204

 ) 

 (632

 ) 

 (853

 ) 

 68%

 26%

 Total

 $

   13,777

 $

   12,278

 $

   12,301

 12%

 N/M

 Sales and Trading Revenues—Equity and Fixed Income 

 2018

 $ in millions

 Trading

 Fees1

 NetInterest
2

 Total

 Financing

 $

 4,841

 $

 394

 $

 (661

 ) 

 $

 4,574

 Execution services

 2,362

 2,376

 (336

 ) 

 4,402

 Total Equity

 $

 7,203

 $

     2,770

 $

 (997

 ) 

 $

 8,976

 Total Fixed income

 $

         4,793

 $

 322

 $

         (110

 ) 

 $

     5,005

 2017

 $ in millions

 Trading

 Fees1

 NetInterest
2

 Total

 Financing

 $

 4,140

 $

 363

 $

 (762

 ) 

 $

 3,741

 Execution services

 2,294

 2,191

 (244

 ) 

 4,241

 Total Equity

 $

 6,434

 $

 2,554

 $

 (1,006

 ) 

 $

 7,982

 Total Fixed income

 $

 4,453

 $

 238

 $

 237

 $

 4,928

 2016

 $ in millions

 Trading

 Fees1

 NetInterest
2

 Total

 Financing

 $

 3,668

 $

 347

 $

 (283

 ) 

 $

 3,732

 Execution services

 2,231

 2,241

 (167

 ) 

 4,305

 Total Equity

 $

 5,899

 $

     2,588

 $

     (450

 ) 

 $

     8,037

 Total Fixed income

 $

         4,115

 $

 162

 $

 840

 $

 5,117

1.

 Includes Commissions and fees and Asset management revenues. 

2.

 Includes funding costs, which are allocated to the businesses based on funding usage. 

As discussed in “Net Revenues by Segment” herein, we manage each of the sales and trading businesses based on its aggregate net
revenues, which are composed of the income statement line items quantified in the previous table. Trading revenues are affected by a variety of market dynamics, including volumes, bid-offer spreads and
inventory prices, as well as impacts from hedging activity, which are interrelated. We provide qualitative commentary in the discussion of results that follow on the key drivers of period-over-period variances, as the quantitative impact of the
various market dynamics typically cannot be disaggregated. 

For additional information on total Trading revenues, see the table
“Trading Revenues by Product Type” in Note 21 to the financial statements. 
2018 Compared with 2017 

Equity 

Equity
sales and trading net revenues of $8,976 million in 2018 increased 12% from 2017, reflecting higher results in both our financing and execution services businesses. 

•

 Financing increased from 2017, primarily due to higher average client balances and changes in client balance
mix, which resulted in increased Trading and Net interest revenues. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

36

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•

 Execution services increased from 2017, primarily reflecting higher Commissions and fees due to higher client
activity in cash equities products. Trading revenues increased due to effective inventory management in derivatives products. Net interest revenues declined due to increased funding costs. 

Fixed Income 

Fixed income net revenues of $5,005 million in 2018 were 2% higher than in 2017, primarily driven by higher results in commodities
products and other, partially offset by lower results in credit products. 

•

 Global macro products revenues remained relatively unchanged as revenues from higher client activity in
foreign exchange products were offset by unfavorable inventory management results in both rates and foreign exchange products. These results were driven by significant movements in interest rates in the fourth quarter of 2018 with a breakdown of
historical correlations, which increased basis risk in the portfolio. Net interest revenues declined due to increased funding costs. 

•

 Credit products Trading revenues decreased in both corporate credit and securitized products, driven by
significant credit spread widening in the fourth quarter of 2018, partially offset by growth in lending products. 

•

 Commodities products and Other Trading revenues increased primarily due to increased Commodities client flow
and structured transactions, as well as positive results from a reduction in derivative counterparty credit risk. 

Other 

•

 Other sales and trading net losses of $204 million in 2018 decreased from 2017, primarily due to improved
results from hedge accounting applied to our long-term borrowings, lower net funding costs reflecting changes in the balance sheet and lower losses associated with corporate loan hedging activity, partially offset by a decrease in the fair value of
investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

2017 Compared with 2016 

Equity 

Equity
sales and trading net revenues of $7,982 million in 2017 decreased 1% from 2016, reflecting lower results in execution services. 

•

 Financing remained relatively unchanged from 2016. The results reflected higher client activity in equity
swaps reflected in Trading revenues, offset by a decline in Net

interest revenues from higher net interest costs, reflecting the business’ increased portion of GLR requirements and a shift in the mix of financing transactions. 

•

 Execution services decreased from 2016, primarily reflecting lower results in derivative products mainly
driven by lower corporate activity and volatility, partially offset by higher gains on cash equity products recorded in Trading revenues. 

Fixed Income 

Fixed income net revenues of $4,928 million in 2017 were 4% lower than in 2016, driven by lower results in global macro products,
partially offset by higher results in credit products, and commodities products and other. 

•

 Global macro products decreased primarily due to the lack of a constructive market environment, inventory
positioning, and lower client activity reflected in both Trading and Net interest. 

•

 Credit products increased primarily due to the absence of losses driven by a widening spread environment in
2016 and increased securitization activity reflected in Trading revenues, partially offset by reduced Net interest revenues. Net interest revenues decreased as a result of a lower level of interest realized in securitized products and lower net
interest spreads, partially offset by increased lending activity. 

•

 Commodities products and Other increased primarily due to higher revenues in other lending and OTC client
clearing. 

Other 

•

 Other sales and trading net losses of $632 million in 2017 decreased from 2016, primarily reflecting
lower losses associated with corporate loan hedging activity and increases in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced, partially offset by higher funding costs. 

Investments, Other Revenues, Non-interest Expenses, and Income Tax Items 

2018 Compared with 2017 

Investments 

•

 Net investment gains of $182 million in 2018 decreased from 2017 as a result of lower gains on
business-related investments, losses due to the market deterioration of a publicly traded investment subject to sale restrictions and lower results from real estate limited partnership investments.

37

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Other Revenues 

•

 Other revenues of $535 million in 2018 decreased from 2017, primarily reflecting mark-to-market
 losses on 
held-for-sale
 corporate loans compared with gains in 2017, partially
offset by higher loan fee revenues, the recovery in 2018 of an energy industry loan charged off in 2017 and improved results from other equity method investments. 

Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $14,322 million in 2018 increased from 2017, primarily reflecting a 5%
increase in Compensation and benefits expenses and a 13% increase in 
Non-compensation expenses in 2018. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2018, primarily due to increases in discretionary incentive
compensation driven by higher revenues and the compensation deferral modification, as well as salaries and amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, partially offset by a decrease in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred
compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses increased in 2018, primarily due to higher
volume-related expenses and the gross presentation of certain expenses due to the adoption of the accounting update 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (see Notes 2 and 21 to the financial statements for further information), partially
offset by lower litigation expenses and the reversal of a portion of previously recorded provisions related to U.K. VAT matters. 

2017 Compared with 2016 

Investments 

•

 Net investment gains of $368 million in 2017 increased from 2016 as a result of higher gains on
business-related and real estate limited partnership investments. In addition, in 2017, we recorded gains on investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced compared with losses in 2016. 

Other Revenues 

•

 Other revenues of $630 million in 2017 increased from 2016, primarily reflecting a decrease in the
provision on loans held for investment and higher results from other investments, partially offset by lower mark-to-market
 gains on loans held for sale.

 Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $13,169 million in 2017 increased from 2016, primarily reflecting a 6%
increase in Compensation and benefits expenses and an 8% increase in 
Non-compensation expenses in 2017. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2017, primarily due to increases in the fair value of
investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced, and discretionary incentive compensation driven mainly by higher revenues. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses increased in 2017, primarily due to higher
volume-related expenses and litigation costs related to legacy RMBS matters. 

Income Tax Items 

The effective tax rate in 2018 is lower compared with 2017, primarily as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act. For a discussion of the Tax
Act and other discrete items, see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein and Note 20 to the financial statements. In 2018, we recognized in Provision for income taxes an intermittent net
discrete tax benefit of $182 million, primarily associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations. 

In 2017, we recognized in Provision for income taxes an intermittent net discrete tax provision of $471 million. This net discrete tax
provision included an approximate $705 million impact from the Tax Act, partially offset by net discrete tax benefits primarily associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of
multi-year IRS tax examinations. 
In 2016, we recognized in Provision for income taxes intermittent net discrete tax benefits of
$83 million. These net discrete tax benefits were primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax examinations, partially offset by adjustments for other
tax matters. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

38

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Wealth Management 

Income Statement Information 

 % Change    

 $ in millions

      2018

      2017

     20161

 2018

 2017

 Revenues

 Investment banking

 $

 475

 $

 533

 $

 484

 (11)%

 10%

 Trading

 279

 848

 861

 (67)%

 (2)%

 Investments

 1

 3

 —

 (67)%

 N/M

 Commissions and fees

 1,804

 1,737

 1,745

 4%

 —%

 Asset management

   10,158

   9,342

   8,454

 9%

 11%

 Other

 248

 268

 277

 (7)%

 (3)%

 Total
non-interest revenues

 12,965

   12,731

   11,821

 2%

 8%

 Interest income

 5,498

 4,591

 3,888

 20%

 18%

 Interest expense

 1,221

 486

 359

 151%

 35%

 Net interest

 4,277

 4,105

 3,529

 4%

 16%

 Net revenues

 17,242

 16,836

 15,350

 2%

 10%

 Compensation and benefits

 9,507

 9,360

 8,666

 2%

 8%

Non-compensation expenses

 3,214

 3,177

 3,247

 1%

 (2)%

 Total
non-interest expenses

 12,721

 12,537

 11,913

 1%

 5%

 Income from continuing operations before income
taxes

 4,521

 4,299

 3,437

 5%

 25%

 Provision for income taxes

 1,049

 1,974

 1,333

 (47)%

 48%

 Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

 $

 3,472

 $

 2,325

 $

 2,104

 49%

 11%

1.

 Effective July 1, 2016, the Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments entered into an
agreement, whereby Institutional Securities assumed management of Wealth Management’s fixed income client-driven trading activities and employees. Institutional Securities now pays fees to Wealth Management based on distribution activity
(collectively, the “Fixed Income Integration”). Results prior to the Fixed Income Integration have not been recast for this new intersegment agreement due to immateriality.

 Financial Information and Statistical Data 

 $ in billions, except employee data

 AtDecember 31,
2018

 AtDecember 31,
2017

 Client assets

 $

 2,303

 $

 2,373

 Fee-based
client assets
1

 $

 1,046

 $

 1,045

Fee-based client assets as a
percentage of total client
assets

 45%

 44%

 Client liabilities2

 $

 83

 $

 80

 Investment securities portfolio

 $

 68.6

 $

 59.2

 Loans and lending commitments

 $

 82.9

 $

 77.3

Wealth Management representatives

 15,694

 15,712

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Per representative:

 Revenues ($ in thousands)3

 $

   1,100

 $

   1,068

 $

   968

 Client assets ($ in millions)4

 $

 147

 $

 151

 $

 133

 Fee-based
asset flows ($ in billions)
5

 $

 65.9

 $

 75.4

 $

 48.5

1.

 Fee-based client assets represent the amount of assets in client accounts
where the basis of payment for services is a fee calculated on those assets. 

2.

 Client liabilities include securities-based and tailored lending, residential real estate loans and margin lending.

3.

 Revenues per representative equal Wealth Management’s net revenues divided by the average representative
headcount. 

4.

 Client assets per representative equal total period-end client assets divided
by 
period-end representative headcount. 

5.

 Fee-based asset flows include net new

fee-based assets, net account transfers, dividends, interest and client fees and exclude institutional cash management-related activity. 

Transactional Revenues 

 % Change    

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2018

 2017

 Investment banking

 $

 475

 $

 533

 $

 484

 (11)%

 10%

 Trading

 279

 848

 861

 (67)%

 (2)%

 Commissions and fees

 1,804

 1,737

 1,745

 4%

 —%

 Total

 $

   2,558

 $

   3,118

 $

   3,090

 (18)%

 1%

 Transactional revenues as a % of Net
revenues

 15%

 19%

 20%

39

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 2018 Compared with 2017 

Net Revenues 

Transactional
Revenues 

Transactional revenues of $2,558 million in 2018 decreased 18% from 2017 as a result of lower Trading revenues and
Investment banking fees, partially offset by higher Commissions and fees. 

•

 Investment banking revenues decreased in 2018, primarily due to lower revenues from structured product and
equity issuances. 

•

 Trading revenues decreased in 2018, primarily due to losses related to investments associated with certain
employee deferred compensation plans compared with gains in 2017, and lower fixed income fee revenues driven by product mix. 

•

 Commissions and fees increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily as a result of increased client
transactions in alternative products, options and futures, partially offset by reduced activity in mutual funds. 

Asset Management 

Asset management revenues of $10,158 million in 2018 increased 9% compared with 2017, primarily due to the effect of higher fee-based client assets levels in 2018 on the dates on which billings were calculated, generally the beginning of each calendar quarter. Beginning of quarter 
fee-based client
assets increased in 2018 due to market appreciation and net positive flows, but the effect on revenues was partially offset by lower average fee rates across all account types. 

See “Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards” herein. 

Net Interest 

Net
interest of $4,277 million in 2018 increased 4% compared with 2017, primarily as a result of higher loan interest rates and balances, partially offset by the effect of higher interest rates on Deposits due to changes in our funding mix. 

Other 

Other
revenues of $248 million in 2018 decreased 7% compared with 2017, primarily due to lower realized gains from the AFS securities portfolio.

 Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $12,721 million in 2018 increased 1% compared with 2017 primarily as a
result of higher Compensation and benefits expenses. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2018 primarily due to the formulaic payout to Wealth
Management representatives linked to higher revenues and increases in salaries, partially offset by a decrease in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses were relatively unchanged in 2018, with increased investment in technology offset by
a decrease in consulting and litigation expenses. 

2017 Compared with 2016 

Net Revenues 

Transactional
Revenues 

Transactional revenues of $3,118 million in 2017 were relatively unchanged from 2016, as increased Investment
banking revenues were offset by decreased Trading revenues. 

•

 Investment banking revenues increased in 2017, primarily due to higher revenues from structured products and
equity syndicate activities, partially offset by lower preferred stock syndicate activity. 

•

 Trading revenues decreased in 2017, primarily due to lower revenues related to the Fixed Income Integration
and lower client activity in fixed income products, partially offset by gains on investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Commissions and fees were relatively unchanged in 2017 compared with 2016. 

Asset Management 

Asset management revenues of $9,342 million in 2017 increased 11% compared with 2016, primarily due to market appreciation and net
positive flows. These increases were partially offset by decreases in average fee rates across all account types. 
See “Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards” herein. 

Net Interest 

Net interest of $4,105 million in 2017 increased 16% compared with 2016, primarily due to higher loan balances and higher interest rates,
partially offset by higher interest expense on deposits. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

40

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Other 

Other revenues of $268 million in 2017 decreased 3% compared with 2016, primarily due to lower realized gains from the AFS securities
portfolio. 
Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $12,537 million in 2017 increased 5% compared with 2016 due to higher
Compensation and benefits expenses, partially offset by a decrease in 
Non-compensation expenses. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2017, primarily due to the formulaic payout to Wealth
Management representatives linked to higher revenues, and due to increases in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses decreased in 2017, primarily due to the absence of a $70 million provision
recorded in 2016 related to certain brokerage service reporting activities and lower litigation and information processing costs, partially offset by higher consulting fees related to strategic initiatives and higher FDIC insurance expenses.

Income Tax Items 

The effective tax rate in 2018 is lower compared with 2017, primarily as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act. For a discussion of the Tax
Act, see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein. 
In 2017, we recognized in
Provision for income taxes an intermittent net discrete tax provision of $411 million, which included approximately $402 million related to the enactment of the Tax Act. 

Fee-Based Client Assets 

Wealth Management earns fees based on a contractual percentage of fee-based client assets related to
certain account types that we offer. These fees, which we record in the Asset management line on our income statement, are earned based on the client assets in the specific account types in which the client participates and are generally not driven
by asset class. For most account types, fees are billed in the first month of each quarter based on the related client assets as of the beginning of the quarter. Across the account types, fees will vary based on both the distinct services provided
within each account type and on the level of household assets under supervision in Wealth Management.

 Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards 

 $ in billions

 At

December 31,2017

 Inflows

 Outflows

 MarketImpact

 At

December 31,

2018

Separately managed1

     $

 252

     $

 40

 $

 (18

 ) 

     $

 5

     $

 279

 Unified managed

 250

 46

 (31

 ) 

 (25

 ) 

 240

 Mutual fund advisory

 21

 2

 (3

 ) 

 (3

 ) 

 17

 Advisor

 149

 29

 (28

 ) 

 (13

 ) 

 137

 Portfolio manager

 353

 71

 (42

 ) 

 (29

 ) 

 353

 Subtotal

     $

 1,025

     $

 188

 $

 (122

 ) 

     $

 (65

 ) 

     $

 1,026

 Cash management

 20

 16

 (16

 ) 

 —

 20

 Total
fee-based client assets

     $

 1,045

     $

  204

 $

 (138

 ) 

     $

 (65

 ) 

     $

 1,046

 $ in billions

 At

December 31,2016

 Inflows

 Outflows

 MarketImpact

 At

December 31,

2017

Separately managed1

     $

 222

     $

 39

     $

 (21

 ) 

     $

 12

     $

 252

 Unified managed

 204

 47

 (30

 ) 

 29

 250

 Mutual fund advisory

 21

 2

 (4

 ) 

 2

 21

 Advisor

 125

 34

 (25

 ) 

 15

 149

 Portfolio manager

 285

 74

 (41

 ) 

 35

 353

 Subtotal

     $

 857

     $

 196

     $

 (121

 ) 

     $

 93

     $

 1,025

 Cash management

 20

 13

 (13

 ) 

 —

 20

 Total
fee-based client assets

     $

 877

     $

  209

     $

 (134

 ) 

     $

 93

     $

 1,045

 $ in billions

 At

December 31,2015

 Inflows

 Outflows

 MarketImpact

 At

December 31,2016

Separately managed1, 
2

     $

 283

     $

 33

     $

 (97

 ) 

     $

 3

     $

 222

 Unified managed2

 105

 107

 (17

 ) 

 9

 204

 Mutual fund advisory

 25

 2

 (6

 ) 

 —

 21

 Advisor

 115

 31

 (26

 ) 

 5

 125

 Portfolio manager

 252

 63

 (41

 ) 

 11

 285

 Subtotal

     $

 780

     $

 236

     $

 (187

 ) 

     $

 28

     $

 857

 Cash management

 15

 14

 (9

 ) 

 —

 20

 Total
fee-based client assets

     $

 795

     $

  250

     $

 (196

 ) 

     $

 28

     $

 877

41

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Average Fee Rates 

 Fee rate in bps

2018

2017

20163

 Separately managed2

16

17

34

 Unified managed2

97

99

107

 Mutual fund advisory

119

120

121

 Advisor

84

86

88

 Portfolio manager

95

97

101

 Subtotal

76

77

79

 Cash management

6

6

6

 Total
fee-based client assets

74

76

77

1.

 Includes non-custody account values reflecting prior 
quarter-end balances due to a lag in the reporting of asset values by third-party custodians. 

2.

 A shift in client assets of approximately $66 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 from separately managed
accounts to unified managed accounts resulted in a lower average fee rate for those platforms but did not impact the average fee rate for total fee-based client assets. 

3.

 Certain data enhancements made in the first quarter of 2017 resulted in a modification to the fee rate calculations.
2016 has been restated to reflect the revised calculations. 

•

 Inflows—include new accounts, account transfers, deposits, dividends and interest.

•

 Outflows—include closed or terminated accounts, account transfers, withdrawals and client fees.

•

 Market impact—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments.

•

 Separately managed—accounts by which third-party and affiliated asset managers are engaged to
manage clients’ assets with investment decisions made by the asset manager. Only one third-party asset manager strategy can be held per account.

•

 Unified managed—accounts that provide the client with the ability to combine separately managed
accounts, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds all in one aggregate account. Investment decisions and discretionary authority may be exercised by the client, financial advisor or portfolio manager. 

•

 Mutual fund advisory—accounts that give the client the ability to systematically allocate assets
across a wide range of mutual funds. Investment decisions are made by the client. 

•

 Advisor—accounts where the investment decisions must be approved by the client and the financial
advisor must obtain approval each time a change is made to the account or its investments. 

•

 Portfolio manager—accounts where a financial advisor has discretion (contractually approved by the
client) to make ongoing investment decisions without the client’s approval for each individual change. 

•

 Cash management—accounts where the financial advisor provides discretionary cash management
services to institutional clients, whereby securities or proceeds are invested and reinvested in accordance with the client’s investment criteria. Generally, the portfolio will be invested in short-term fixed income and cash equivalent
investments. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

42

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Investment Management 

Income Statement Information 

% Change

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

  Revenues

  Trading

 $

 25

 $

 (22

 ) 

 $

 (2

 ) 

 N/M

 N/M

  Investments

 254

 449

 13

 (43)%

 N/M

  Commissions and fees

 —

 —

 3

 —%

 (100)%

  Asset management

 2,468

 2,196

 2,063

 12%

 6%

  Other

 (30

 ) 

 (37

 ) 

 31

 19%

 N/M

  Total
non-interest revenues

 2,717

 2,586

 2,108

 5%

 23%

  Interest income

 57

 4

 5

 N/M

 (20)%

  Interest expense

 28

 4

 1

 N/M

 N/M

  Net interest

 29

 —

 4

 N/M

 (100)%

  Net revenues

 2,746

 2,586

 2,112

 6%

 22%

  Compensation and benefits

 1,167

 1,181

 937

 (1)%

 26%

 Non-compensation expenses

 1,115

 949

 888

 17%

 7%

  Total
non-interest expenses

 2,282

 2,130

 1,825

 7%

 17%

  Income from continuing operations before
income taxes

 464

 456

 287

 2%

 59%

  Provision for income taxes

 73

 201

 75

 (64)%

 168%

  Income from continuing operations

 391

 255

 212

 53%

 20%

  Income from discontinued operations, net of
income taxes

 2

 —

 2

 N/M

 (100)%

  Net income

 393

 255

 214

 54%

 19%

  Net income applicable to noncontrolling
interests

 17

 9

 (11

 ) 

 89%

 182%

  Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

 $

 376

 $

 246

 $

 225

 53%

 9%

2018 Compared with 2017 

Net Revenues 

Investments

Investments gains of $254 million in 2018 compared with $449 million in 2017 reflect lower carried interest in certain
infrastructure and Asia private equity funds and losses on seed investments in certain Alternative/Other products. 
Asset Management

Asset management revenues of $2,468 million increased 12% compared with 2017, primarily as a result of higher average
long-term AUM. See “AUM Rollforwards” herein. 
In addition, the adoption of the accounting update Revenue from Contracts with
Customers had the effect of increasing Asset management revenues due to the gross presentation of distribution fees (approximately $78 million in 2018). See Notes 2 and 21 to the financial statements for further details.

 Other 

Other losses of $30 million in 2018 and $37 million in 2017 primarily reflect an impairment of an equity method investment in a
third-party asset manager in both years. 
Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $2,282 million in 2018 increased 7% compared with 2017, primarily due to
higher 
Non-compensation expenses. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses decreased in 2018 primarily due to decreases in the fair value of
investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced and deferred compensation associated with carried interest, partially offset by increases in salaries and the compensation deferral modification. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses increased in 2018, primarily as a result of
the gross presentation of $78 million of distribution fees due to the adoption of the accounting update 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers and higher fee sharing on increased average AUM balances (see “Asset Management” above).

2017 Compared with 2016 

Net
Revenues 

Investments 

Investments gains of $449 million in 2017 compared with $13 million in 2016 reflected higher carried interest and performance gains
in all asset classes. 
Asset Management 

Asset management revenues of $2,196 million increased 6% compared with 2016, primarily as a result of higher average AUM across all asset
classes. This increase was partially offset by lower effective fee rates in Alternative/Other due to a shift in product mix and the absence of fees recognized in 2016 related to the completion of certain fund raisings. 

See “Average AUM” herein. 

Other 

Other
losses of $37 million were recognized in 2017 compared with other revenues of $31 million in 2016, primarily as a result of an impairment of an equity method investment in a third-party asset manager.

43

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Non-interest Expenses 

Non-interest expenses of $2,130 million in 2017 increased 17% compared with 2016. 

•

 Compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2017 due to higher incentive compensation, increases in
deferred compensation associated with carried interest, and increases in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced. 

•

 Non-compensation expenses increased in 2017, primarily due to higher
brokerage, clearing and exchange fees. 

Income Tax Items 

The effective tax rate in 2018, which is inclusive of an intermittent net discrete tax benefit of $21 million, is lower compared with 2017,
primarily as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act. For a discussion of the Tax Act, see “Supplemental Financial Information and Disclosures—Income Tax Matters” herein. 

In 2017, we recognized in Provision for income taxes an intermittent net discrete tax provision of $86 million, which included
approximately $94 million related to the enactment of the Tax Act. 
Assets Under Management or Supervision 

AUM Rollforwards 

 $ in billions

 At

December 31, 
2017

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

 At

December 31,

2018

  Equity

   $

 105

 $

 38

 $

 (32

 ) 

 $

 (8

 ) 

 $

 —

   $

 103

  Fixed income

 73

 25

 (27

 ) 

 (2

 ) 

 (1

 ) 

 68

  Alternative/Other

 128

 22

 (19

 ) 

 (1

 ) 

 (2

 ) 

 128

  Long-term AUM subtotal

 306

 85

 (78

 ) 

 (11

 ) 

 (3

 ) 

 299

  Liquidity1

 176

 1,351

 (1,362

 ) 

 2

 (3

 ) 

 164

  Total AUM

   $

 482

 $

  1,436

 $

 (1,440

 ) 

 $

 (9

 ) 

 $

 (6

 ) 

   $

 463

 Shares of minoritystake assets

 7

 7

 $ in billions

 At

December 31,2016

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

 At

December 31, 
2017

  Equity

   $

 79

 $

 23

 $

 (21

 ) 

 $

 23

 $

 1

   $

 105

  Fixed income

 60

 27

 (21

 ) 

 4

 3

 73

  Alternative/Other

 115

 24

 (18

 ) 

 8

 (1

 ) 

 128

  Long-term AUM subtotal

 254

 74

 (60

 ) 

 35

 3

 306

  Liquidity

 163

 1,239

 (1,227

 ) 

 1

 —

 176

  Total AUM

   $

 417

 $

  1,313

 $

 (1,287

 ) 

 $

 36

 $

 3

   $

 482

 Shares of minoritystake assets

 8

 7

 $ in billions

 At

December 31,2015

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

 At

December 31,2016

  Equity

  $

 83

 $

 19

 $

 (24

 ) 

 $

 1

 $

 —

 $

 79

  Fixed income

 60

 25

 (26

 ) 

 2

 (1

 ) 

 60

  Alternative/Other

 114

 27

 (27

 ) 

 4

 (3

 ) 

 115

  Long-term AUM subtotal

 257

 71

 (77

 ) 

 7

 (4

 ) 

 254

  Liquidity

 149

 1,325

 (1,310

 ) 

 —

 (1

 ) 

 163

  Total AUM

  $

 406

 $

  1,396

 $

 (1,387

 ) 

 $

 7

 $

 (5

 ) 

 $

 417

  Shares of minoritystake
assets

 8

 8

1.

 Included in Liquidity products outflows in 2018 is $18 billion related to the redesign of our brokerage sweep
deposits program. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Unsecured Financing” herein for more information. 

Average AUM 

 $ in billions

    2018      

    2017      

    2016      

  Equity

 $

 111

 $

 93

 $

 81

  Fixed income

 71

 66

 61

  Alternative/Other

 131

 122

 115

  Long-term AUM subtotal

 313

 281

 257

  Liquidity

 158

 157

 151

  Total AUM

 $

 471

 $

 438

 $

 408

 Shares of minoritystake
assets

 7

 7

 8

Average Fee Rate     

 Fee rate in bps

    2018      

    2017      

    2016      

  Equity

 76

 73

 72

  Fixed income

 33

 33

 32

  Alternative/Other

 66

 70

 75

  Long-term AUM

 62

 62

 64

  Liquidity

 17

 17

 18

  Total AUM

 47

 46

 47

•

 Inflows—represent investments or commitments from new and existing clients in new or existing
investment products, including reinvestments of client dividends and increases in invested capital. Inflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class. 

•

 Outflows—represent redemptions from clients’ funds, transition of funds from the committed
capital period to the invested capital period and decreases in invested capital. Outflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class. 

•

 Market impact—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments. This
excludes any funds where market impact does not impact management fees. 

•

 Other—contains both distributions and foreign currency impact for all periods and the impact of
the Mesa West Capital, LLC acquisition in 2018. Distributions represent decreases in invested capital due to returns of capital after

December 2018 Form 10-K

44

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

the investment period of a fund. It also includes fund dividends that the client has not reinvested. Foreign currency impact reflects foreign currency changes for
non-U.S. dollar denominated funds. 

•

 Alternative/Other—includes products in fund of funds, real assets, private equity and credit
strategies, as well as multi-asset portfolios. 

•

 Shares of minority stake assets—represent the Investment Management business segment’s
proportional share of assets managed by third-party asset managers in which we hold investments accounted for under the equity method. 

•

 Average fee rate—based on Asset management revenues, net of waivers. It excludes performance-based
fees and other 
non-management fees. For certain 
non-U.S. funds, it includes the portion of advisory fees that the advisor collects on behalf of third-party distributors.
The payment of those fees to the distributor is included in 
Non-compensation expenses in the income statements. 

Supplemental Financial Information and 

Disclosures 

Income Tax Matters

Effective Tax Rate from Continuing Operations 

$ in millions

    2018    

    2017    

    2016    

 U.S. GAAP

 20.9%

 40.1%

 30.8%

 Adjusted effective incometax 
rate—non-GAAP
1

     22.7%

     30.8%

     31.6%

 Net discrete tax
provisions/(benefits)

 Recurring2

     $

 (165)

     $

 (155)

       $

 — 

 Intermittent3

     $

 (203)

     $

 968 

       $

 (68)

1.

 Adjusted effective income tax rate is a non-GAAP measure that excludes
intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits). For further information on 
non-GAAP measures, see “Selected 
Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.

2.

 Beginning in 2017, with the adoption of the accounting update Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting, the income tax consequences associated with employee share-based awards are recognized in Provision for income taxes in the income statements. We consider these employee share-based award related provisions (benefits) to be
recurring-type (“Recurring”) discrete tax items, as we anticipate some level of conversion activity each year. Accordingly, these Recurring discrete tax provisions (benefits) are excluded from the intermittent net discrete tax provisions
(benefits) adjustment. 

3.

 Includes all tax provisions (benefits) that have been determined to be discrete, other than Recurring items as
defined above. 

2018 

The effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2018 includes intermittent net discrete tax benefits of $203 million, primarily
associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations. 
The
effective tax rate reflects our current assumptions, estimates and interpretations related to the Tax Act and other

factors. The Tax Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly revised U.S. corporate income tax law by reducing the corporate income tax rate to 21%, partially or wholly eliminating tax
deductions for certain expenses and implementing a modified territorial tax system. The modified territorial tax system includes a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries and also imposes a minimum tax on
GILTI and an alternative BEAT on U.S. corporations with operations outside of the U.S. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued proposed regulations and guidance on certain provisions in the Tax Act during 2018, although some of these regulations
have not yet been finalized, and are, therefore, still subject to change. Our income tax estimates may change as additional clarification and implementation guidance continue to be received from the U.S. Treasury Department and as the interpretation
of the Tax Act evolves over time. 
2017 

The effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2017 included an intermittent net discrete tax provision of $968 million, primarily
related to the impact of the Tax Act, partially offset by net discrete tax benefits primarily associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax examinations. 

We recorded an approximate $1.2 billion net discrete tax provision as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act, primarily from the
remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets using the lower enacted corporate tax rate. This provision incorporated the best available information as of the enactment date, as well as assumptions made based upon our interpretation of the Tax Act.

2016 

The
effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2016 included intermittent net discrete tax benefits of $68 million, primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of
multi-year IRS tax examinations, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters. 
U.S. Bank Subsidiaries 

Our U.S. bank subsidiaries, Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. (“MSBNA”) and Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association
(“MSPBNA”) (collectively, “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”) accept deposit accounts, provide loans to a variety of customers, from large corporate and institutional clients to high net worth individuals, and invest in securities. The
lending activities in the Institutional Securities business segment primarily include loans and lending commitments to corporate clients. The lending activities in the Wealth

45

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

Management business segment primarily include securities-based lending, which allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, and residential real estate loans. 

We expect our lending activities to continue to grow through further market penetration of our client base. For a further discussion of our
credit risks, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk.” For a further discussion about loans and lending commitments, see Notes 7 and 12 to the financial statements. 

U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Supplemental Financial Information1 

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Assets

 $

 216.9

 $

 185.3

 Investment securities portfolio:

 Investment securities—AFS

 45.5

 42.0

 Investment securities—HTM

 23.7

 17.5

 Total investment securities

 $

 69.2

 $

 59.5

 Deposits2

 $

 187.1

 $

 159.1

 Wealth Management

 Securities-based lending and other loans3

 $

 44.7

 $

 41.2

 Residential real estate loans

 27.5

 26.7

 Total

 $

 72.2

 $

 67.9

 Institutional Securities

 Corporate loans

 $

 30.9

 $

 24.2

 Wholesale real estate loans

 10.5

 12.2

 Total

 $

 41.4

 $

 36.4

1.

 Amounts exclude transactions between the bank subsidiaries, as well as deposits from the Parent Company and
affiliates. 

2.

 For further information on deposits, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Funding Management—Unsecured
Financing” herein. 

3.

 Other loans primarily include tailored lending. 

Accounting Development Updates 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued certain accounting updates that apply to us. Accounting updates not listed below were
assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
The
following accounting updates were adopted on January 1, 2019: 

•

 Derivatives and Hedging (ASU 2018-16)
. The amendments in this
update permit use of the OIS rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as a U.S. benchmark interest rate for hedge accounting purposes. We adopted this update on a prospective basis for qualifying new or redesignated hedging relationships;
this update does not impact our existing hedges.

•

 Leases. This accounting update requires lessees to recognize all leases with terms exceeding one year
in the balance sheet, which results in the recognition of a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability, including for those leases that we currently classify as operating leases. The accounting for leases where we are the lessor is largely
unchanged. 

The right of use asset and lease liability were initially measured using the present value
of the remaining rental payments. We adopted this accounting update through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. 

At transition on January 1, 2019, the adoption of this standard resulted in a balance sheet gross-up of approximately $4 billion reflected in Other assets and Other liabilities and accrued expenses. In addition, previously deferred gains from sale-leaseback transactions of approximately
$60 million were recognized directly into retained earnings. Prior period amounts were not restated. 

The following accounting update
is currently being evaluated to determine the potential impact of adoption: 

•

 Financial Instruments–Credit Losses. This accounting update impacts the impairment model for
certain financial assets measured at amortized cost by requiring a CECL methodology to estimate expected credit losses over the entire life of the financial asset, recorded at inception or purchase. CECL will replace the loss model currently
applicable to loans held for investment, HTM securities and other receivables carried at amortized cost, such as employee loans. 

The update also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment for AFS securities. Impairments on AFS securities
will be required to be recognized in earnings through an allowance when the fair value is less than amortized cost and a credit loss exists or the securities are expected to be sold before recovery of amortized cost. 

Under the update, there may be an ability to determine there are no expected credit losses in certain circumstances,
e.g., based on collateral arrangements for lending and financing transactions or based on the credit quality of the borrower or issuer. 

Based on preliminary estimates, we expect the impact from the adoption of this standard will primarily result from the
employee loans, wholesale real estate, corporate and residential real estate portfolios. The models we expect to use for these portfolios are in the process of being tested. This update is effective as of January 1, 2020.

December 2018 Form 10-K

46

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions (see Note 1 to the
financial statements). We believe that of our significant accounting policies (see Note 2 to the financial statements), the following policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. 

Fair Value 

Financial Instruments
Measured at Fair Value 

A significant number of our financial instruments are carried at fair value. We make estimates regarding
the valuation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value in preparing the financial statements. These assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Trading assets and Trading liabilities; 

•

 Investment Securities—AFS securities; 

•

 Certain Securities purchased under agreements to resell; 

•

 Certain Deposits, primarily structured certificates of deposits; 

•

 Certain Securities sold under agreements to repurchase; 

•

 Certain Other secured financings; and 

•

 Certain Borrowings, primarily structured notes. 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

In determining fair value, we use various valuation approaches.
A hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable prices and inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable prices and inputs by requiring that the relevant observable inputs be used when available. The
hierarchy is broken down into three levels, wherein Level 1 represents quoted prices in active markets, Level 2 represents valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable,
and Level 3 consists of valuation techniques that incorporate significant unobservable inputs and, therefore, require the greatest use of judgment.

 In periods of market disruption, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
instruments, which could cause an instrument to be recategorized from Level 1 to Level 2 or from Level 2 to Level 3. In addition, a downturn in market conditions could lead to declines in the valuation of many instruments. For
further information on the definition of fair value, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 and related valuation techniques, and quantitative information about and sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value
measurements, see Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements. 
Where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various
factors such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty and concentration risk in order to arrive at fair value. For a further discussion of valuation adjustments that we apply,
see Note 2 to the financial statements. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a
Non-recurring Basis 

Certain of our assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a
non-recurring basis, primarily relating to loans, other investments, premises, equipment and software costs, intangible assets, other assets, and other liabilities and accrued expenses. We incur losses or
gains for any adjustments of these assets to fair value. A downturn in market conditions could result in impairment charges in future periods. 

For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, fair value is determined
by using various valuation approaches. The same hierarchy as described above, which maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by generally requiring that the observable inputs be used when available, is used
in measuring fair value for these items. 

See Note 3 to the financial statements for further information on assets and liabilities that
are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

Evaluating goodwill for impairment requires management to make significant judgments. Goodwill impairment tests are performed at the reporting
unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below our business segments. Goodwill no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition once it has been assigned to a reporting unit. As such, all the activities of a
reporting unit, whether acquired or organically developed, are available to support the value of the goodwill. 

47

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of July 1 and on an interim basis
when certain events or circumstances exist. 
For both the annual and interim tests, we have the option to either (i) perform a
quantitative impairment test or (ii) first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, in which case the quantitative test would be
performed. 
When performing a quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount,
including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the goodwill impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited by the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. 
The estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived based on valuation techniques we believe market participants
would use for each of the reporting units. The estimated fair value is generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate
price-to-book
 and 
price-to-earnings
 multiples of certain comparable companies. At each
annual goodwill impairment testing date, each of our reporting units with goodwill had a fair value that was substantially in excess of its carrying value. 

Intangible Assets 

Amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when certain
events or circumstances exist. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss will be recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair
value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows. 
For
both goodwill and intangible assets, to the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. For amortizable intangible assets, the new cost
basis is amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset. Adverse market or economic events could result in impairment charges in future periods. 

See Notes 2, 3 and 9 to the financial statements for additional information about goodwill and intangible assets.

 Legal and Regulatory Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations,
class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution. 

Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for
indeterminate amounts of damages. In some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. 

We are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and
self-regulatory agencies regarding our business and involving, among other matters, sales and trading activities, wealth and investment management services, financial products or offerings sponsored, underwritten or sold by us, and accounting and
operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. 

Accruals for litigation and regulatory proceedings are generally determined on a case-by-case
 basis. Where available information indicates that it is probable a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and we can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, we
accrue the estimated loss by a charge to income. In many proceedings, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss. 

For certain legal proceedings and investigations, we can estimate possible losses, additional losses, ranges of loss or ranges of additional
loss in excess of amounts accrued. For certain other legal proceedings and investigations, we cannot reasonably estimate such losses, particularly for proceedings and investigations where the factual record is being developed or contested or where
plaintiffs or government entities seek substantial or indeterminate damages, restitution, disgorgement or penalties. 
Numerous issues may
need to be resolved before a loss or additional loss or range of loss or additional range of loss can be reasonably estimated for a proceeding or investigation, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual
matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages or other relief, and addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings or investigations in question.

December 2018 Form 10-K

48

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Significant judgment is required in deciding when and if to make these accruals, and the actual
cost of a legal claim or regulatory fine/penalty may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals. 
See Note 12 to the
financial statements for additional information on legal proceedings. 
Income Taxes 

We are subject to the income and indirect tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which
we have significant business operations. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these
inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and the expense for indirect taxes and must also make estimates about when certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. 

Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. We periodically evaluate the
likelihood of assessments in each taxing jurisdiction resulting from current and subsequent years’ examinations, and unrecognized tax benefits related to potential losses that may arise from tax audits are established in accordance with the
relevant accounting guidance. Once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when an event occurs requiring a change. 

Our provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. Current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for
the current period. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when such differences are expected to reverse. 
Our deferred tax balances may also include deferred assets related to tax attribute
carryforwards, such as net operating losses and tax credits that will be realized through reduction of future tax liabilities and, in some cases, are subject to expiration if not utilized within certain periods. We perform regular reviews to
ascertain whether deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management’s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income and incorporate various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to
tax attribute carryforwards before they expire. 

 Once the deferred tax asset balances have been determined, we may record a valuation allowance
against the deferred tax asset balances to reflect the amount we estimate is more likely than not to be realized at a future date. Both current and deferred income taxes may reflect adjustments related to our unrecognized tax benefits. 

Significant judgment is required in estimating the consolidated provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances
(including valuation allowance, if any), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. Revisions in estimates and/or the actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized
tax benefits, if any. 
See Note 2 to the financial statements for additional information on our significant assumptions, judgments and
interpretations associated with the accounting for income taxes and Note 20 to the financial statements for additional information on our tax examinations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Senior management, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Management Committee and the Board of Directors (“Board”), establishes and
maintains our liquidity and capital policies. Through various risk and control committees, senior management reviews business performance relative to these policies, monitors the availability of alternative sources of financing, and oversees the
liquidity, interest rate and currency sensitivity of our asset and liability position. The Treasury department, Firm Risk Committee, Asset/Liability Management Committee, and other committees and control groups assist in evaluating, monitoring and
controlling the impact that our business activities have on our balance sheet, liquidity and capital structure. Liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to the Board and the Risk Committee of the Board. 

Balance Sheet 

We monitor and evaluate the composition and size of our balance sheet on a regular basis. Our balance sheet management process includes
quarterly planning, business-specific thresholds, monitoring of business-specific usage versus key performance metrics and new business impact assessments. 

We establish balance sheet thresholds at the consolidated and business segment levels. We monitor balance sheet utilization and review
variances resulting from business activity and market fluctuations. On a regular basis, we review current performance versus established thresholds and assess the need to re-allocate our balance sheet based on
business unit needs. We also monitor key metrics, including asset and liability size and capital usage. 

49

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Total Assets by Business Segment 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents1

$

69,526

$

17,621

$

49

$

87,196

 Trading assets at fair value

263,870

60

2,369

266,299

 Investment securities

23,273

68,559

—

91,832

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

80,660

17,862

—

98,522

 Securities borrowed

116,207

106

—

116,313

 Customer and other receivables

35,777

16,865

656

53,298

 Loans, net of
allowance2

43,380

72,194

5

115,579

 Other
assets3

13,734

9,125

1,633

24,492

 Total assets

$

 646,427

$

 202,392

$

 4,712

$

 853,531

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents1

$

63,597

$

16,733

$

65

$

80,395

 Trading assets at fair value

295,678

59

2,545

298,282

 Investment securities

19,556

59,246

—

78,802

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

74,732

9,526

—

84,258

 Securities borrowed

123,776

234

—

124,010

 Customer and other receivables

36,803

18,763

621

56,187

 Loans, net of
allowance2

36,269

67,852

5

104,126

 Other
assets3

14,563

9,596

1,514

25,673

 Total assets

$

 664,974

$

 182,009

$

 4,750

$

 851,733

IS—Institutional Securities 

WM—Wealth Management 

IM—Investment

 Management 

1.

 Cash and cash equivalents includes Cash and due from banks, Interest bearing deposits with banks and Restricted cash.

2.

 Amounts include loans held for investment (net of allowance) and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value,
which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheets (see Note 7 to the financial statements). 

3.

 Other assets primarily includes Goodwill, Intangible assets, premises, equipment, software, other investments and
deferred tax assets. 

A substantial portion of total assets consists of liquid marketable securities and short-term
receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the Institutional Securities business segment. Total assets of $853.5 billion at December 31, 2018 were relatively unchanged compared with $851.7 billion at
December 31, 2017. In 2018, Loans increased in the Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments; deposit growth in the Wealth Management business segment led to increases in Investment securities and Securities purchased
under agreements to resell; Trading assets within the Institutional Securities business segment declined due to reductions in Equities inventory, which resulted in greater liquidity, as reflected by increases in Cash and cash equivalents and
Securities purchased under agreements to resell; and Securities borrowed within the Institutional Securities business segment decreased due to lower client balances and Trading liabilities. 

 Liquidity Risk Management Framework 

The primary goal of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework is to ensure that we have access to adequate funding across a wide range of market
conditions and time horizons. The framework is designed to enable us to fulfill our financial obligations and support the execution of our business strategies. 

The following principles guide our Liquidity Risk Management Framework: 

•

 Sufficient liquid assets should be maintained to cover maturing liabilities and other planned and contingent
outflows; 

•

 Maturity profile of assets and liabilities should be aligned, with limited reliance on short-term funding;

•

 Source, counterparty, currency, region and term of funding should be diversified; and 

•

 Liquidity Stress Tests should anticipate, and account for, periods of limited access to funding.

The core components of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework are the Required Liquidity Framework, Liquidity Stress
Tests and the GLR, which support our target liquidity profile. 
Required Liquidity Framework 

Our Required Liquidity Framework establishes the amount of liquidity we must hold in both normal and stressed environments to ensure that our
financial condition and overall soundness are not adversely affected by an inability (or perceived inability) to meet our financial obligations in a timely manner. The Required Liquidity Framework considers the most constraining liquidity
requirement to satisfy all regulatory and internal limits at a consolidated and legal entity level. 
Liquidity Stress Tests

We use Liquidity Stress Tests to model external and intercompany liquidity flows across multiple scenarios and a range of time
horizons. These scenarios contain various combinations of idiosyncratic and systemic stress events of different severity and duration. The methodology, implementation, production and analysis of our Liquidity Stress Tests are important components of
the Required Liquidity Framework. 
The assumptions used by us in our various Liquidity Stress Test scenarios include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

•

 No government support; 

•

 No access to equity and unsecured debt markets; 

•

 Repayment of all unsecured debt maturing within the stress horizon;

December 2018 Form 10-K

50

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•

 Higher haircuts for and significantly lower availability of secured funding; 

•

 Additional collateral that would be required by trading counterparties, certain exchanges and clearing
organizations related to credit rating downgrades; 

•

 Additional collateral that would be required due to collateral substitutions, collateral disputes and uncalled
collateral; 

•

 Discretionary unsecured debt buybacks; 

•

 Drawdowns on lending commitments provided to third parties; and 

•

 Client cash withdrawals and reduction in customer short positions that fund long positions.

Liquidity Stress Tests are produced and results are reported at different levels, including major operating
subsidiaries and major currencies, to capture specific cash requirements and cash availability across the Firm, including a limited number of asset sales in a stressed environment. The Liquidity Stress Tests assume that subsidiaries will use their
own liquidity first to fund their obligations before drawing liquidity from the Parent Company and that the Parent Company will support its subsidiaries and will not have access to subsidiaries’ liquidity reserves. In addition to the
assumptions underpinning the Liquidity Stress Tests, we take into consideration settlement risk related to intraday settlement and clearing of securities and financing activities. 

At December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we maintained sufficient liquidity to meet current and contingent funding
obligations as modeled in our Liquidity Stress Tests. 
Global Liquidity Reserve 

We maintain sufficient liquidity reserves to cover daily funding needs and to meet strategic liquidity targets sized by the Required Liquidity
Framework and Liquidity Stress Tests. The size of the GLR is actively managed by us considering the following components: unsecured debt maturity profile; balance sheet size and composition; funding needs in a stressed environment, inclusive of
contingent cash outflows; legal entity, regional and segment liquidity requirements; regulatory requirements; and collateral requirements. In addition, our GLR includes a discretionary surplus based on risk tolerance and is subject to change
depending on market and Firm-specific events. The GLR is held within the Parent Company and its major operating subsidiaries. The GLR consists of cash and unencumbered securities sourced

from trading assets, investment securities and securities received as collateral. 
GLR by
Type of Investment 

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,2018

 At

December 31,2017

  Cash deposits with banks1

$

10,441

$

7,167

  Cash deposits with central banks1

36,109

33,791

  Unencumbered highly liquid securities:

  U.S. government obligations

119,138

73,422

  U.S. agency and agency mortgage-backed securities

41,473

55,750

  Non-U.S. sovereign
obligations
2

39,869

19,424

  Other investment grade securities

2,705

3,106

  Total

$

            249,735

$

                192,660

1.

 Included in Cash and due from banks and Interest bearing deposits with banks in the balance sheets.

2.

 Primarily composed of unencumbered Japanese, U.K., German, Brazilian and French government obligations.

GLR Managed by Bank and Non-Bank Legal Entities 

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Average Daily Balance

Three Months Ended 
December 31, 2018

  Bank legal entities

  Domestic

$

88,809

$

70,364

$

79,824

  Foreign

4,896

4,756

4,691

  Total Bank legal entities

93,705

75,120

84,515

  Non-Bank legal entities

  Domestic:

  Parent Company

64,262

41,642

62,315

  Non-Parent
Company

40,936

35,264

36,501

  Total Domestic

105,198

76,906

98,816

  Foreign

50,832

40,634

57,957

  Total Non-Bank legal
entities

156,030

117,540

156,773

  Total

$

        249,735

$

        192,660

$

241,288

Regulatory Liquidity Framework 

Liquidity Coverage Ratio 

We and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are subject to LCR requirements, including a requirement to calculate each entity’s LCR on each
business day. The requirements are designed to ensure that banking organizations have sufficient HQLA to cover net cash outflows arising from significant stress over 30 calendar days, thus promoting the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk
profile of banking organizations. 

51

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 The regulatory definition of HQLA is substantially the same as our GLR. GLR includes cash placed
at institutions other than central banks that is considered an inflow for LCR purposes. HQLA includes a portion of cash placed at central banks, certain unencumbered investment grade corporate bonds and publicly traded common equities, which do not
meet the definition of our GLR. 
Based on our daily calculations, we and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are compliant with the minimum
required LCR of 100%. 
HQLA by Type of Asset and LCR 

 Average Daily Balance

Three Months Ended

 $ in millions

     December 31,

    2018

September 30,2018

  HQLA

  Cash deposits with central banks

$

44,225

$

48,962

 Securities1

150,792

140,060

  Total

$

                195,017

$

                189,022

  LCR

145%

135%

1.

 Primarily includes U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds and investment grade
corporate bonds. 

The increase in the LCR in the quarter ended December 31, 2018 is due to increased HQLA
consistent with higher liquidity levels, and a reduction in net outflows (i.e., the denominator of the ratio), primarily driven by lower secured funding and lending commitment outflows. 

The Firm’s calculations are based on our current understanding of the LCR and other factors, which may be subject to change as we receive
additional clarification and implementation guidance from regulators and as the interpretation of the LCR evolves over time. 
Net
Stable Funding Ratio 

The objective of the NSFR is to reduce funding risk over a one-year
horizon by requiring banking organizations to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress. 

The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“Basel Committee”) has previously finalized the NSFR framework. In May 2016, the U.S.
banking agencies issued a proposal to implement the NSFR in the U.S. The proposal would require a covered company to maintain an amount of available stable funding, which is measured with reference to sources of funding, including deposit and debt
liabilities, that is no less than the amount of its required stable funding, which is measured by applying standardized weightings to its assets, derivatives exposures and certain other items. 

If adopted as proposed, the requirements would apply to us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. We continue to evaluate the

potential impact of the proposal, which is subject to further rulemaking procedures. Our preliminary estimates, based on the current proposal, indicate that actions will be necessary to meet the
requirement, which we would expect to accomplish by the effective date of any final rule. Our preliminary estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results based on the final rule to differ materially from estimates. For
a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “Risk Factors.” 
Funding Management 

We manage our funding in a manner that reduces the risk of disruption to our operations. We pursue a strategy of diversification of secured
and unsecured funding sources (by product, investor and region) and attempt to ensure that the tenor of our liabilities equals or exceeds the expected holding period of the assets being financed. 

We fund our balance sheet on a global basis through diverse sources. These sources include our equity capital, borrowings, securities sold
under agreements to repurchase, securities lending, deposits, letters of credit and lines of credit. We have active financing programs for both standard and structured products targeting global investors and currencies. 

Secured Financing 

The liquid nature of the marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the
Institutional Securities business segment provides us with flexibility in managing the composition and size of our balance sheet. Our goal is to achieve an optimal mix of durable secured and unsecured financing. Secured financing investors
principally focus on the quality of the eligible collateral posted. Accordingly, we actively manage our secured financings based on the quality of the assets being funded. 

We have established longer tenor secured funding requirements for less liquid asset classes, for which funding may be at risk in the event of
a market disruption. We define highly liquid assets as government-issued or government-guaranteed securities with a high degree of fundability and less liquid assets as those that do not meet these criteria. 

To further minimize the refinancing risk of secured financing for less liquid assets, we have established concentration limits to diversify
our investor base and reduce the amount of monthly maturities for secured financing of less liquid assets. Furthermore, we obtain term secured funding liabilities in excess of less liquid inventory as an additional risk mitigant to replace maturing
trades in the event that secured financing markets, or our ability to access them, become limited. As a component of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework, we hold a portion of our GLR against the potential disruption to our secured financing
capabilities. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

52

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 We generally maintain a pool of liquid and easily fundable securities, which takes into account
HQLA classifications consistent with LCR definitions, and other regulatory requirements, and provides a valuable future source of liquidity. 

Collateralized Financing Transactions 

$ in millions

At  December 31,  
2018

At  December 31,  
2017

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities
borrowed

$

214,835

$

208,268

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities
loaned

$

61,667

$

70,016

 Securities received as collateral1

$

7,668

$

13,749

 Average Daily Balance

Three Months Ended

 $ in millions

  December 31,  2018

  December 31,  2017

  Securities purchased under agreements to
resell and Securities borrowed

 $

            213,974

 $

 214,343

  Securities sold under agreementsto
repurchase and Securities loaned

 $

 57,677

 $

 66,879

1.

 Securities received as collateral are included in Trading assets in the balance sheets. 

See Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements for more details on collateralized financing transactions. 

In addition to the collateralized financing transactions shown in the previous table, we engage in financing transactions collateralized by
customer-owned securities, which are segregated in accordance with regulatory requirements. Receivables under these financing transactions, primarily margin loans, are included in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets, and payables
under these financing transactions, primarily to prime brokerage customers, are included in Customer and other payables in the balance sheets. Our risk exposure on these transactions is mitigated by collateral maintenance policies that limit our
credit exposure to customers and liquidity reserves held against this risk exposure. 
Unsecured Financing 

We view deposits and borrowings as stable sources of funding for unencumbered securities and
non-security assets. Our unsecured financings include structured borrowings, which are primarily composed of: instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index,
a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest-rate-related features, including 
step-ups, step-downs and
zero coupons. When appropriate, we may use derivative products to conduct asset and liability management and to make adjustments to

our interest rate and structured borrowings risk profile (see Note 4 to the financial statements). 

Deposits 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Savings and demand deposits:

 Brokerage sweep deposits1

 $

 141,255

 $

 135,946

 Savings and other

 13,642

 8,541

 Total Savings and demand deposits

 154,897

 144,487

 Time deposits

 32,923

 14,949

 Total

 $

 187,820

 $

 159,436

1.

 Amounts represent balances swept from client brokerage accounts. 

Deposits are primarily sourced from our Wealth Management clients and are considered to have stable,
low-cost funding characteristics. Total deposits at December 31, 2018 increased compared with December 31, 2017, driven by increases in Time deposits, which primarily consist of brokered certificates
of deposit with fixed interest rates and maturity dates. The increase in Brokerage sweep deposits reflects the redesign of our brokerage sweep deposit program in 2018, resulting in inflows of approximately $18 billion, partially offset by
client deployment of cash into investments throughout the year. The increase in Savings and other deposits was driven by promotional client offerings. 

The inflows related to the redesign of our brokerage sweep deposit program corresponded with outflows from Liquidity products AUM in the
Investment Management business segment (see “Business Segments—Investment Management—Assets Under Management or Supervision” for more information). 

Borrowings by Remaining Maturity at December 31, 2018
1

 $ in millions

ParentCompany

Subsidiaries

Total

  Original maturities of oneyear or
less

 $

 —

 $

 1,545

 $

 1,545

  Original maturities greater than one year

  2019

 $

 19,849

 $

 4,845

 $

 24,694

  2020

 18,575

 2,705

 21,280

  2021

 21,208

 3,434

 24,642

  2022

 14,969

 1,816

 16,785

  2023

 11,553

 2,385

 13,938

  Thereafter

 70,093

 16,685

 86,778

  Total

 $

 156,247

 $

 31,870

 $

 188,117

  Total Borrowings

 $

 156,247

 $

 33,415

 $

 189,662

1.

 Original maturity in the table is generally based on contractual final maturity. For borrowings with put options,
remaining maturity represents the earliest put date. 

53

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Borrowings of $189,662 million as of December 31, 2018 remained relatively unchanged
compared with $192,582 million at December 31, 2017. 
We believe that accessing debt investors through multiple distribution channels
helps provide consistent access to the unsecured markets. In addition, the issuance of borrowings with original maturities greater than one year allows us to reduce reliance on short-term credit sensitive instruments. Borrowings with original
maturities greater than one year are generally managed to achieve staggered maturities, thereby mitigating refinancing risk, and to maximize investor diversification through sales to global institutional and retail clients across regions, currencies
and product types. 
The availability and cost of financing to us can vary depending on market conditions, the volume of certain trading
and lending activities, our credit ratings and the overall availability of credit. We also engage in, and may continue to engage in, repurchases of our borrowings in the ordinary course of business. 

For further information on Borrowings, see Note 11 to the financial statements. 

Credit Ratings 

We rely on external
sources to finance a significant portion of our daily operations. The cost and availability of financing generally are impacted by our credit ratings, among other things. In addition, our credit ratings can have an impact on certain trading
revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer-term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as OTC derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. When determining credit ratings, rating agencies
consider company-specific factors, other industry factors such as regulatory or legislative changes and the macroeconomic environment, among other things. 

Our credit ratings do not include any uplift from perceived government support from any rating agency given the significant progress of U.S.
financial reform legislation and regulations. Some rating agencies have stated that they currently incorporate various degrees of credit rating uplift from non-governmental third-party sources of potential
support. 

 Parent Company and MSBNA Senior Unsecured Ratings at February 21, 2019 

Parent Company

Short-Term
Debt

Long-Term
Debt

RatingOutlook

 DBRS, Inc.

R-1 (middle)

 A (high)

 Stable

 Fitch Ratings, Inc.

 F1

 A

 Stable

 Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

 P-2

 A3

 Stable

 Rating and InvestmentInformation,
Inc.

 a-1

 A-

 Positive

 S&P Global Ratings

 A-2

 BBB+

Stable

MSBNA

 Short-Term

Debt

 Long-Term

Debt

RatingOutlook

 Fitch Ratings, Inc.

 F1

 A+

 Stable

 Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

 P-1

 A1

 Stable

 S&P Global Ratings

 A-1

 A+

 Stable

Incremental Collateral or Terminating Payments 

In connection with certain OTC derivatives and certain other agreements where we are a liquidity provider to certain financing vehicles
associated with the Institutional Securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral, immediately settle any outstanding liability balances with certain counterparties or pledge additional collateral to certain clearing
organizations in the event of a future credit rating downgrade irrespective of whether we are in a net asset or net liability position. See Note 4 to the financial statements for additional information on OTC derivatives that contain such
contingent features. 
While certain aspects of a credit rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the
impact it would have on our business and results of operations in future periods is inherently uncertain and would depend on a number of interrelated factors, including, among other things, the magnitude of the downgrade, the rating
relative to peers, the rating assigned by the relevant agency pre-downgrade, individual client behavior and future mitigating actions we might take. The liquidity impact of additional collateral requirements
is included in our Liquidity Stress Tests. 

Capital Management 

We view capital as an important source of financial strength and actively manage our consolidated capital position based upon, among other
things, business opportunities, risks, capital availability and rates of return together with internal capital policies, regulatory requirements and rating agency guidelines. In the future, we may expand or contract our capital base to address the
changing needs of our businesses. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

54

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Common Stock 

$ in millions

2018

2017

 Repurchases of common stock under our Share Repurchase
Program

$

                4,860

$

                3,750

From time to time we repurchase our outstanding common stock as part of our share repurchase program. On
April 18, 2018, we entered into a sales plan with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (“MUFG”), whereby MUFG sells shares of the Firm’s common stock to us as part of our share repurchase program. The sales plan is only
intended to maintain MUFG’s ownership percentage below 24.9% in order to comply with MUFG’s passivity commitments to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”) and has no impact on the strategic
alliance between MUFG and us, including our joint ventures in Japan. For a description of our share repurchase program, see “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities.” 
For a description of our capital plan, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory
Requirements—Capital Plans and Stress Tests.” 
Common Stock Dividend Announcement 

 Announcement date

January 17, 2019

 Amount per share

$0.30

 Date paid

February 15, 2019

 Shareholders of record as of

January 31, 2019

Preferred Stock Dividend Announcement 

 Announcement date

December 17, 2018

 Date paid

January 15, 2019

 Shareholders of record as of

December 31, 2018

For additional information on common and preferred stock, see Note 15 to the financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements, including through unconsolidated SPEs and
lending-related financial instruments (
e.g., guarantees and commitments), primarily in connection with the Institutional Securities and Investment Management business segments. 

We utilize SPEs primarily in connection with securitization activities. For information on our securitization activities, see Note 13 to the
financial statements. 
For information on our commitments, obligations under certain guarantee arrangements and indemnities, see Note 12
to the financial statements. For further information on our lending commitments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Lending Activities Included in Loans and Trading Assets.”

 Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2018

Payments Due in:

$ in millions

2019

2020-2021

2022-2023

Thereafter

Total

 Borrowings1

 $

     24,694

 $    45,922

 $    30,723

 $    86,778

 $

     188,117

 Other secured financings1

 5,900

 600

 112

 160

 6,772

 Contractual interest payments2

 4,895

 7,606

 5,565

 15,842

 33,908

 Time deposits—principal and interest
payments

 17,351

 12,830

 2,791

 191

 33,163

 Operating leases— premises3

 677

 1,259

 1,062

 2,639

 5,637

 Purchase obligations

 724

 614

 177

 153

 1,668

 Total
4

 $

 54,241

 $    68,831

 $    40,430

 $  105,763

 $

 269,265

1.

 Amounts presented for Borrowings and Other secured financings are financings with original maturities greater than
one year. For further information on Borrowings and Other secured financings, see Note 11 to the financial statements. 

2.

 Amounts represent estimated future contractual interest payments related to unsecured borrowings with original
maturities greater than one year based on applicable interest rates at December 31, 2018. 

3.

 For further information on operating leases covering premises and equipment, see Note 12 to the financial statements.

4.

 Amounts exclude unrecognized tax benefits, as the timing and amount of future cash payments are not determinable at
this time (see Note 20 to the financial statements for further information). 

In the normal course of business, we enter
into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. 
Purchase obligations for goods and services include payments
for, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, computer and telecommunications maintenance agreements, and certain transmission, transportation and storage contracts related to the commodities business. Purchase obligations at December 31,
2018 reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. 

Regulatory Requirements 

Regulatory Capital Framework 

We are an
FHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”), and are subject to the regulation and oversight of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for us, including
“well-capitalized” standards, and evaluates our compliance with such capital requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. For us to remain an FHC, we must remain
well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the Federal Reserve and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the OCC. For additional information on regulatory capital
requirements for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, see Note 14 to the financial statements. 

55

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Regulatory capital requirements established by the Federal Reserve are largely based on the
Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”). 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 

We are
required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements. 
Risk-Based Regulatory
Capital. Minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital). Certain adjustments to and deductions from capital are required for purposes of
determining these ratios, such as goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, other amounts in AOCI and investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions. 

In addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, we are subject to the following buffers in 2019: 

•

 A greater than 2.5% Common Equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer; 

•

 The Common Equity Tier 1 G-SIB capital surcharge, currently at 3%; and

•

 Up to a 2.5% Common Equity Tier 1 CCyB, currently set by U.S. banking agencies at zero. 

In 2018 and 2017, each of the buffers was 75% and 50%, respectively, of the fully phased-in 2019
requirement noted above. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive
officers. For a further discussion of the 
G-SIB capital surcharge, see 
“G-SIB Capital Surcharge” herein. 

Risk-Weighted Assets. RWA reflects both our 
on- and

off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following: 

•

 Credit risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to us;

•

 Market risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities,
correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and 

•

 Operational risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events
(e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets).

 For a further discussion of our credit, market and operational risks, see “Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Risk.” 
Our risk-based capital ratios for purposes of determining regulatory compliance are the lower
of the capital ratios computed under (i) the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”) and (ii) the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk
and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”). The credit risk RWA calculations between the two approaches differ in that the Standardized Approach requires calculation of RWA using prescribed risk weights, whereas the Advanced Approach
utilizes models to calculate exposure amounts and risk weights. At December 31, 2018, our ratios for determining regulatory compliance are based on the Standardized Approach rules, while at December 31, 2017, the ratios were based on the
Standardized Approach transitional rules. 
Effective January 1, 2019, Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital
requirements, inclusive of buffers, increase to 10.0%, 11.5% and 13.5%, respectively. 
See “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term
Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” herein for additional capital requirements effective January 1, 2019. 

Leverage-Based Regulatory Capital. Minimum leverage-based capital requirements include a Tier 1 leverage ratio and an SLR. The SLR
became effective as a capital standard on January 1, 2018. We are required to maintain a Tier 1 SLR of 3%, as well as an enhanced SLR capital buffer of at least 2% (for a total of at least 5%) in order to avoid potential limitations on capital
distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 

Regulatory Capital Ratios

At December 31, 2018

 Required

Ratio

Fully Phased-In

$ in millions

Standardized

Advanced

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

 $

 62,086

 $

 62,086

 Tier 1 capital

 70,619

 70,619

 Total capital

 80,052

 79,814

 Total RWA

 367,309

 363,054

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio

 8.6%

 16.9%

 17.1%

 Tier 1 capital ratio

 10.1%

 19.2%

 19.5%

 Total capital ratio

 12.1%

 21.8%

 22.0%

 Leverage-based capital

 Adjusted average assets1

 $

 843,074

 N/A

 Tier 1 leverage ratio

 4.0%

 8.4%

 N/A

 Supplementary leverage exposure2

 N/A

 $

   1,092,672

 SLR

 5.0%

 N/A

 6.5%

December 2018 Form 10-K

56

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

At December 31, 2017

 Required

Ratio

Transitional3

Pro Forma Fully
Phased-In

$ in millions

Standardized

Advanced

Standardized

Advanced

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

 $

 61,134

 $

 61,134

 $

 60,564

 $

 60,564

 Tier 1 capital

 69,938

 69,938

 69,120

 69,120

 Total capital

 80,275

 80,046

 79,470

 79,240

 Total RWA

 369,578

 350,212

 377,241

 358,324

 Common Equity
Tier 1 capital ratio

 7.3%

 16.5%

 17.5%

 16.1%

 16.9%

 Tier 1 capital ratio

 8.8%

 18.9%

 20.0%

 18.3%

 19.3%

 Total capital ratio

 10.8%

 21.7%

 22.9%

 21.1%

 22.1%

Leverage-based capital

 Adjusted average assets1

 $

 842,270

 N/A

 $

 841,756

 N/A

 Tier 1 leverage ratio

 4.0%

 8.3%

 N/A

 8.2%

 N/A

 Supplementary leverage exposure2

 N/A

 $

     1,082,683

 N/A

 $

     1,082,170

 Pro forma SLR

 5.0%

 N/A

 6.5%

 N/A

 6.4%

1.

 Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily
balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets under U.S. GAAP during the quarters ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, adjusted for disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, certain
deferred tax assets, certain investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions and other capital deductions. 

2.

 Supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of Adjusted average assets used in the Tier 1 leverage ratio and other
adjustments, primarily (i) potential future exposure for derivative exposures, gross-up for cash collateral netting where qualifying criteria are not met, and the effective notional principal amount of
sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection; (ii) the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; and (iii) the credit equivalent amount for 
off-balance sheet
exposures. 

3.

 Regulatory compliance at December 31, 2017 was determined based on capital ratios calculated under transitional
rules. 

At December 31, 2017, the pro forma fully phased-in estimated amounts and the pro forma estimated SLR utilized
fully phased-in Tier 1 capital, including the fully 
phased-in Tier 1 capital deductions that applied beginning January 1, 2018. These pro forma fully phased-in estimates
were non-GAAP financial measures as the related capital rules were not yet effective at December 31, 2017. These estimates were based on our understanding of the capital rules and other factors at the time. 

Regulatory compliance was determined based on capital ratios, including regulatory capital and RWA, calculated under the transitional rules
until December 31, 2017. The regulatory capital analyses in the following tables are presented using pro forma fully phased-in estimates as of December 31, 2017, which are on an equivalent basis to
amounts calculated as of December 31, 2018. 

 Fully Phased-In Regulatory Capital 

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
20171

Change

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

 Common stock and surplus

 $

 9,843

 $

     14,354

 $

 (4,511)

 Retained earnings

   64,175

 57,577

 6,598 

 AOCI

 (2,292

 ) 

 (3,060

 ) 

 768 

 Regulatory adjustments and deductions:

 Net goodwill

 (6,661

 ) 

 (6,599

 ) 

 (62)

 Net intangible assets (other than goodwill and
mortgage servicing assets)

 (2,158

 ) 

 (2,446

 ) 

 288 

 Other adjustments and deductions2

 (821

 ) 

 738

 (1,559)

 Total Common Equity Tier 1 capital

 $

 62,086

 $

 60,564

 $

   1,522 

 Additional Tier 1 capital

 Preferred stock

 $

 8,520

 $

 8,520

 $

 — 

 Noncontrolling interests

 454

 415

 39 

 Other adjustments and deductions

 —

 (23

 ) 

 23 

 Additional Tier 1 capital

 $

 8,974

 $

 8,912

 $

 62 

 Deduction for investments in covered funds

 (441

 ) 

 (356

 ) 

 (85)

 Total Tier 1 capital

 $

 70,619

 $

 69,120

 $

 1,499

 Standardized Tier 2 capital

 Subordinated debt

 $

 8,923

 $

 9,839

 $

 (916)

 Noncontrolling interests

 107

 98

 9 

 Eligible allowance for credit losses

 440

 423

 17 

 Other adjustments and deductions

 (37

 ) 

 (10

 ) 

 (27)

 Total Standardized Tier 2 capital

 $

 9,433

 $

 10,350

 $

 (917)

 Total Standardized capital

 $

 80,052

 $

 79,470

 $

 582 

 Advanced Tier 2 capital

 Subordinated debt

 $

 8,923

 $

 9,839

 $

 (916)

 Noncontrolling interests

 107

 98

 9 

 Eligible credit reserves

 202

 193

 9 

 Other adjustments and deductions

 (37

 ) 

 (10

 ) 

 (27)

 Total Advanced Tier 2 capital

 $

 9,195

 $

 10,120

 $

 (925)

 Total Advanced capital

 $

 79,814

 $

 79,240

 $

 574 

1.

 The pro forma fully phased-in estimates as of December 31, 2017 are 
non-GAAP financial measures as the related capital rules were not yet effective at December 31, 2017. 

2.

 Other adjustments and deductions used in the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 capital include credit spread
premium over risk-free rate for derivative liabilities, net deferred tax assets, net after-tax DVA and adjustments related to AOCI.

57

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Fully Phased-In RWA Rollforward 

2018
1

 $ in millions

 Standardized  

 Advanced    

 Credit risk RWA

 Balance at December 31, 20172

   $

          301,946

 $

          170,754

 Change related to the following items:

 Derivatives

 (1,589

 ) 

 661

 Securities financing transactions

 (5,492

 ) 

 2,384

 Securitizations

 2,859

 2,974

 Investment securities

 83

 7,449

 Commitments, guarantees and loans

 11,302

 10,117

 Cash

 1,728

 1,409

 Equity investments

 (3,441

 ) 

 (3,657

 ) 

 Other credit risk3

 (1,865

 ) 

 (1,496

 ) 

 Total change in credit risk RWA

   $

 3,585

 $

 19,841

 Balance at December 31, 2018

   $

 305,531

 $

 190,595

 Market risk RWA

 Balance at December 31, 20172

   $

 75,295

 $

 74,907

 Change related to the following items:

 Regulatory VaR

 1,342

 1,342

 Regulatory stressed VaR

 (2,908

 ) 

 (2,908

 ) 

 Incremental risk charge

 1,425

 1,425

 Comprehensive risk measure

 (2,508

 ) 

 (2,041

 ) 

 Specific risk:

Non-securitizations

 (5,616

 ) 

 (5,616

 ) 

 Securitizations

 (5,252

 ) 

 (5,252

 ) 

 Total change in market risk RWA

   $

 (13,517

 ) 

 $

 (13,050

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2018

   $

 61,778

 $

 61,857

 Operational risk RWA

 Balance at December 31, 20172

 N/A

 $

 112,663

 Change in operational risk RWA

 N/A

 (2,061

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2018

 N/A

 $

 110,602

 Total RWA

   $

 367,309

 $

 363,054

Regulatory VaR—VaR for regulatory capital requirements 

1.

 The RWA for each category reflects both on- and 
off-balance sheet exposures, where appropriate. 

2.

 The pro forma fully phased-in estimates as of December 31, 2017 are 
non-GAAP financial measures as the related capital rules were not yet effective at December 31, 2017. 

3.

 Amount reflects assets not in a defined category, non-material portfolios of
exposures and unsettled transactions, as applicable. 

Credit risk RWA increased in 2018 under the Standardized and
Advanced Approaches primarily due to increased corporate lending exposures within the Institutional Securities business segment. Under the Standardized Approach, this increase was partially offset by a reduction in RWA for Securities financing
transactions due to a decline in the market value of associated securities. Under the Advanced Approach, Credit risk RWA also increased in 2018 for Investment securities driven by model revisions that increased the risk weighting for certain
counterparty types. 
Market risk RWA decreased in 2018 under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches primarily due to a decrease in
non-securitization-specific risk charges mainly as a result of reduced exposures in equity derivatives and bonds. In addition, securitization-specific risk charges decreased primarily

due to reduced exposures in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations. 

The decrease in operational risk RWA under the Advanced Approach in 2018 reflects a continued reduction in the frequency and magnitude of
internal losses utilized in the operational risk capital model related to litigation and execution and processing, partially offset by an increase associated with a risk scenario update. 

G-SIB Capital Surcharge 

We and other U.S. G-SIBs are subject to a risk-based capital surcharge. A 
G-SIB must calculate its 
G-SIB capital surcharge under two methods and use the higher of the two surcharges. The first method considers the

G-SIB’s size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, substitutability and complexity, which is generally consistent with the methodology developed by the Basel Committee (“Method
1”). The second method uses similar inputs but replaces substitutability with the use of short-term wholesale funding (“Method 2”) and generally results in higher surcharges than the first method. The

G-SIB capital surcharge must be satisfied using Common Equity Tier 1 capital and functions as an extension of the capital conservation buffer. As of January 1, 2019, our current fully phased-in 
G-SIB surcharge is 3%. In 2018 and 2017, the 
phase-in amount was 75% and 50%, respectively, of the applicable surcharge (see “Risk-Based Regulatory Capital” herein).

Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements 

The Federal Reserve has established external TLAC, long-term debt (“LTD”) and clean holding company requirements for top-tier BHCs of U.S. 
G-SIBs (“covered BHCs”), including the Parent Company. These requirements include various definitions and restrictions, such as requiring
eligible LTD to be issued by the covered BHC and be unsecured, have a maturity of one year or more from the date of issuance and not have certain derivative-linked features typically associated with certain types of structured notes. We are in
compliance with all relevant TLAC requirements as of the compliance date of January 1, 2019. 

The main purpose of the Federal
Reserve’s minimum external TLAC and LTD requirements is to ensure that covered BHCs, including the Parent Company, will have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of eligible LTD to
equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible LTD or other forms of TLAC where an SPOE resolution strategy is used (see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning”
and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk”). 

December 2018 Form 10-K

58

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Under the final rule, a covered BHC is required to maintain minimum external TLAC equal to the
greater of (i) 18% of total RWA and (ii) 7.5% of its total leverage exposure (the denominator of its SLR). In addition, covered BHCs must meet a separate external LTD requirement equal to the greater of (i) total RWA multiplied by the sum of 6%
plus the higher of the Method 1 and Method 2 G-SIB capital surcharge applicable to the Parent Company, and (ii) 4.5% of its total leverage exposure. 

In addition, the final rule imposes TLAC buffer requirements on top of both the risk-based and leverage-exposure-based external TLAC minimum
requirements. The risk-based TLAC buffer is equal to the sum of 2.5%, the covered BHC’s Method 1 G-SIB surcharge and the CCyB, if any, as a percentage of total RWA. The leverage-exposure-based TLAC buffer
is equal to 2% of the covered BHC’s total leverage exposure. Failure to maintain the TLAC buffers would result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 

The final rule provides permanent grandfathering for debt instruments issued prior to December 31, 2016 that would be eligible LTD but
for having impermissible acceleration clauses or being governed by foreign law. 
Furthermore, under the clean holding company requirements
of the final rule, a covered BHC is prohibited from incurring any external short-term debt or certain other liabilities, regardless of whether the liabilities are fully secured or otherwise senior to eligible LTD, or entering into certain other
prohibited transactions. Certain other external liabilities, including structured notes, are subject to a cap equal to 5% of the covered BHC’s outstanding external TLAC amount. 

The Federal Reserve has proposed modifications to the enhanced SLR that would also make corresponding changes to the calibration of the TLAC
leverage-based requirements, as well as certain other technical changes to the TLAC rule. For a further discussion of the enhanced SLR, see “Regulatory Developments—Proposed Modifications to the Enhanced SLR and to the SLR Applicable to
Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries” herein. 
Capital Plans and Stress Tests 

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve has adopted capital planning and stress test requirements for large BHCs, including us,
which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual CCAR framework. 
We must submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking
into account the results of separate stress tests designed by us and the Federal Reserve, so that the Federal Reserve may assess our systems and processes that
incorpo-

rate forward-looking projections of revenues and losses to monitor and maintain our internal capital adequacy. 

The capital plan must include a description of all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon, including any issuance or
redemption of a debt or equity capital instrument, any capital distribution (i.e., payments of dividends or stock repurchases) and any similar action that the Federal Reserve determines could impact our consolidated capital. The capital plan
must include a discussion of how we will maintain capital above the minimum regulatory capital ratios, including the requirements that are phased in over the planning horizon, and serve as a source of strength to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries under
supervisory stress scenarios. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued guidance setting out its heightened expectations for capital planning practices at certain large financial institutions, including us. 

The capital plan rule requires that large BHCs receive no objection from the Federal Reserve before making a capital distribution. In addition,
even with an approved capital plan, the BHC must seek the approval of the Federal Reserve before making a capital distribution if, among other reasons, the BHC would not meet its regulatory capital requirements after making the proposed capital
distribution. A BHC’s ability to make capital distributions (other than scheduled payments on Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments) is also limited if its net capital issuances are less than the amount indicated in its capital plan.

In addition, we are currently required to conduct semiannual company-run stress tests and are
subject to an annual Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress test conducted by the Federal Reserve. The EGRRCPA modifies certain aspects of these stress-testing requirements, reducing the number of scenarios in the Federal Reserve’s supervisory
stress test from three to two and modifying our obligation to perform 
company-run stress-tests from semiannually to annually. The Federal Reserve has issued proposed rulemakings to implement these
modifications and is currently considering making further changes to its capital planning and stress testing requirements. See “Regulatory Developments” herein. 

Prior to the enactment of the EGRRCPA, each of our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries was also required to conduct an annual stress test. MSBNA and MSPBNA
submitted their 2018 annual company-run stress tests to the OCC on April 5, 2018 and published a summary of their stress test results on June 21, 2018. The EGRRCPA eliminated the statutory
requirement to conduct 
company-run stress-tests for banks with less than $250 billion of total assets, which includes both of our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. 

We submitted our 2018 Capital Plan (“Capital Plan”) and company-run stress test results to
the Federal Reserve on 

59

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

April 5, 2018. On June 21, 2018, the Federal Reserve published summary results of the Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, including us. On June 28, 2018, the
Federal Reserve published summary results of CCAR, and we received a conditional non-objection to our Capital Plan, where the only condition was that our capital distributions not exceed the greater of the
actual distributions we made over the previous four calendar quarters or the annualized average of actual distributions over the previous eight calendar quarters. 

Our 2018 Capital Plan includes the repurchase of up to $4.7 billion of outstanding common stock for the period beginning July 1,
2018 through June 30, 2019 and an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.30 per share, beginning with the common stock dividend announced on July 18, 2018. The total amount of expected 2018 capital distributions is consistent
with the $6.8 billion of actual dividends and gross share repurchases included in our 2017 Capital Plan. We disclosed a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests on June 21, 2018 on our
Investor Relations webpage. In addition, we submitted the results of 
our mid-cycle company-run stress
 test to the Federal Reserve and on October 22,
2018 disclosed a summary of the results on our Investor Relations webpage. 

For the 2019 capital planning and stress test cycle, we are
required to submit our capital plan and company-run stress test results to the Federal Reserve by April 5, 2019. The Federal Reserve is expected to publish summary results of the CCAR and Dodd-Frank
Act supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, including us, by June 30, 2019. We are required to disclose a summary of the results of 
our company-run stress tests within 15 days of the date
the Federal Reserve discloses the results of the supervisory stress tests. In addition, we must submit the results of 
our mid-cycle company-run stress

test to the Federal Reserve by October 5, 2019 and disclose a summary of the results between October 5, 2019 and November 4, 2019. 

Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework 

Our required capital (“Required Capital”) estimation is based on the Required Capital framework, an internal capital adequacy
measure. Common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated under the Required Capital framework, as well as each business segment’s relative contribution to our total Required Capital. 

The Required Capital framework is a risk-based and leverage
use-of-capital
 measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from
stress events, where applicable, at a point in time. We define the

difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as Parent common equity. We generally hold Parent common
equity for prospective regulatory requirements, organic growth, acquisitions and other capital needs. 
The estimation and attribution of
common equity to the business segments are based on the fully phased-in regulatory capital rules. The amount of capital allocated to the business segments is generally set at the beginning of each year and
remains fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset unless a significant business change occurs (
e.g., acquisition or disposition). Differences between available and Required Capital are attributed to Parent common equity during the
year. 

The Required Capital framework is expected to evolve over time in response to changes in the business and regulatory environment,
for example, to incorporate changes in stress testing or enhancements to modeling techniques. We will continue to evaluate the framework with respect to the impact of future regulatory requirements, as appropriate. 

Average Common Equity Attribution1 

 $ in billions

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Institutional Securities

 $

 40.8

 $

 40.2

 $

 43.2 

 Wealth Management

 16.8

 17.2

 15.3 

 Investment Management

 2.6

 2.4

 2.8 

 Parent

 9.8

 10.0

 7.6 

 Total

 $

         70.0

 $

         69.8

 $

         68.9 

1.

 Average common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected 
Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein. 

Resolution and Recovery Planning 

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes
our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. 

Our preferred resolution strategy, which is set out in our 2017 resolution plan, is an SPOE strategy. The Parent Company has amended and
restated its secured support agreement with its material entities, as defined in our 2017 resolution plan. Under the secured amended and restated support agreement, upon the occurrence of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated
to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its contributable material assets, other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain intercompany receivables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our material
entities. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

60

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 The obligations of the Parent Company under the secured amended and restated support agreement
are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company). As a result, claims of our material entities against the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in
subsidiaries of the Parent Company) are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company. 
In further development of our
SPOE strategy, we have created a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of the Parent Company, MS Holdings LLC (the “Funding IHC”), to serve as a resolution funding vehicle. We expect that, prior to the submission of our 2019 resolution plan by
July 1, 2019, the Parent Company will contribute certain of its assets to the Funding IHC and enter into an updated secured amended and restated support agreement with the Funding IHC as well as certain other subsidiaries to facilitate the
execution of our SPOE strategy. Similar to the existing secured amended and restated support agreement, the updated secured amended and restated support agreement will obligate the Parent Company to transfer capital and liquidity, as revised, to the
Funding IHC, and that the Parent Company and/or the Funding IHC will recapitalize and provide liquidity to material entities in the event of our material financial distress or failure. 

For more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, including the implications of such
activities in a resolution scenario, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning” and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.” 

Regulatory Developments 

Proposed
Stress Buffer Requirements 

In April 2018, the Federal Reserve issued a proposal to integrate its annual capital planning and
stress testing requirements with existing applicable regulatory capital requirements. The proposal, which would apply to certain BHCs, including us, would introduce a stress capital buffer and a stress leverage buffer (collectively, “Stress
Buffer Requirements”) and related changes to the capital planning and stress testing processes. Under the proposal, Stress Buffer Requirements would apply only with respect to Standardized Approach risk-based capital requirements and Tier 1
leverage regulatory capital requirements. 
Under Standardized Approach risk-based capital requirements, the stress capital buffer would
replace the existing Common Equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer, which is 2.5% as of January 1, 2019. The Standardized Approach stress capital buffer would equal the greater of (i) the maximum decline in our Common Equity Tier 1
capital ratio under the severely adverse scenario over the supervisory

stress test measurement period plus the sum of the ratios of the dollar amount of our planned common stock dividends to our projected RWA for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the
supervisory stress test projection period and (ii) 2.5%. Regulatory capital requirements under the Standardized Approach would include the stress capital buffer, as summarized above, as well as our Common Equity Tier 1
G-SIB capital surcharge and any applicable Common Equity Tier 1 CCyB. 

Like the stress capital
buffer, the stress leverage buffer would be calculated based on the results of our annual supervisory stress tests. The stress leverage buffer would equal the maximum decline in our Tier 1 leverage ratio under the severely adverse scenario, plus the
sum of the ratios of the dollar amount of our planned common stock dividends to our projected leverage ratio denominator for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the supervisory stress test projection period. No floor would be established
for the stress leverage buffer, which would apply in addition to the current minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%. 
The proposal would make
related changes to capital planning and stress testing processes for BHCs subject to the Stress Buffer Requirements. In particular, for purposes of determining the size of Stress Buffer Requirements, the proposal would include only projected capital
actions to planned common stock dividends in the fourth through seventh quarters of the stress test projection period and would assume that BHCs maintain a constant level of assets and RWA throughout the supervisory stress test projection period.

The proposal does not change regulatory capital requirements under the Advanced Approach or the SLR, although the Federal Reserve and the
OCC have separately proposed to modify the enhanced SLR requirements, as summarized below. If the proposal is adopted in its current form, limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers would be
determined by the most stringent limitation, if any, as determined under Standardized Approach risk-based capital requirements or the Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of Stress Buffer Requirements, or the Advanced Approach or SLR or TLAC
requirements, inclusive of applicable buffers. 
While the proposal included an intended effective date of October 1, 2019, the
Federal Reserve has not yet taken action to finalize or implement Stress Buffer Requirements. 
Proposed Modifications to the
Enhanced SLR and to the SLR Applicable to Our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries 

The Federal Reserve has proposed modifications to the
enhanced SLR that would replace the current 2% enhanced SLR buffer applicable to U.S. G-SIBs, including us, with a leverage buffer equal to 50% of our 
G-SIB capital
surcharge. 

61

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

Under the proposal, our enhanced SLR buffer would become 1.5%, for a total enhanced SLR requirement of 4.5%, assuming that our G-SIB capital surcharge
remains the same when the proposal becomes effective. 

The Federal Reserve and the OCC have also proposed to modify the well-capitalized
SLR standard applicable to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. The requirement would change from the current 6% to 3% plus 50% of our G-SIB capital surcharge, for a total well-capitalized SLR requirement of 4.5% for
our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, assuming that our 
G-SIB capital surcharge remains the same when the proposal becomes effective. 

Regulatory Capital and Stress Testing Developments Related to Implementation of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology

In December 2018, the U.S. banking agencies finalized revisions to the regulatory capital framework applicable to banking
organizations, including us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, to address the new accounting standard for credit losses, known as a CECL methodology that will be effective January 1, 2020. For a further discussion of CECL, see “Accounting
Development Updates—Financial Instruments—Credit Losses.” 
The revisions modify the regulatory capital rules to identify
which credit loss allowances under the new accounting standard are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and provide banking organizations the option to phase in, over a three-year period, the adverse effects on regulatory capital that may
result from the adoption of the new accounting standard. A banking organization that has adopted a CECL methodology must include the provision for credit losses beginning in the 2020 stress test cycle. 

In addition, the Federal Reserve issued a statement that it will maintain the current framework for calculating allowances on loans in the
supervisory stress test through the 2021 cycle. 
Proposed Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk 

The U.S. banking agencies have issued a proposal to incorporate the standardized approach for counterparty credit risk (“SA-CCR”), a new derivatives counterparty exposure methodology, into the regulatory capital framework and related regulatory standards. As proposed, 
SA-CCR would
replace the current exposure method, on a mandatory basis, in our and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Standardized Approach RWA, central counterparty default fund contributions and, in modified form, in Supplementary Leverage Ratio exposure
calculations. 
SA-CCR would be available as an alternative in our and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Advanced Approach

RWA for trade exposures, in single counterparty credit limits applicable to us, and in bank lending limits applicable to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. The proposal would require us and our U.S.
Bank Subsidiaries to implement SA-CCR by July 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted after the rule is finalized. 

Other Matters 

U.K. Withdrawal
from the E.U. 

Following the U.K. electorate vote to leave the E.U., the U.K. invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on
March 29, 2017, which triggered a two-year period, subject to extension (which would need the unanimous approval of the E.U. Member States), during which the U.K. government negotiated a form of
withdrawal agreement with the E.U. The withdrawal agreement was rejected by the U.K. Parliament on January 15, 2019, and the U.K. government is in the process of negotiating changes to the withdrawal agreement that would be acceptable to the
U.K. Parliament and the E.U. 

We are continuing to prepare our European operations regardless of whether or not a withdrawal or transition
agreement is reached. For example, we are taking steps to make changes to our European operations in an effort to ensure that we can continue to provide cross-border banking and investment and other services in E.U. Member States without the need
for separate regulatory authorizations in each member state through the use of E.U. “passporting” arrangements, which allow for such cross-border activity. In the event that our U.K. licensed entities are unable to rely on E.U. passporting
rights to provide services, we will adjust our operations in Europe to be able to carry out activities from within the E.U. These changes will include use of: a new licensed investment firm, Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., based in Germany, which will
passport throughout the E.U. and serve E.U.-based clients where required; our existing German licensed bank, Morgan Stanley Bank AG, which will provide licensable banking activities where required; new licensed entities based in Ireland for
licensable asset management activities; as well as branches of the previously noted entities in the E.U. and our existing regulated operations in France and Spain. We are continuing to build out the capabilities of these entities, including
engagement with clients and local regulators. We also expect to add personnel to certain of our existing offices in the E.U. 
However,
given the present political uncertainty, it is currently unclear what the final post-Brexit structure of our European operations will be. For a further discussion of the potential impact of the U.K.’s withdrawal from the E.U. on our operations,
see “Risk Factors—International Risk”. For further information regarding our exposure to the U.K., see also “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Country Risk Exposure.”

December 2018 Form 10-K

62

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 Expected Replacement of London Interbank Offered Rate and Replacement or Reform of Other
Interest Rates

Central banks around the world, including the Federal Reserve, have commissioned working groups of market
participants and official sector representatives with the goal of finding suitable replacements for LIBOR and replacements or reforms of other interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR and EONIA (collectively, the “IBORs”). It is expected
that a transition away from the widespread use of such rates to alternative reference rates selected by these central bank committees and working groups and other potential interest rate benchmark reforms, will occur over the course of the next few
years. Although the full impact of such reforms and actions, together with any transition away from the IBORs, including the potential or actual discontinuance of any IBOR publication, remains unclear, we are preparing to transition from the IBORs
to these alternative reference rates. 
Our transition plan includes a number of key steps, including continued engagement with central
bank and industry working groups and regulators, active client engagement, internal operational readiness, and risk management, among other things, to promote the transition to alternative reference rates. 

There remain, however, a number of unknown factors regarding the transition from the IBORs and/or interest rate benchmark reforms that could
impact our business, including, for example, the pace of the transition to replacement or reformed rates, the specific terms and parameters for and market acceptance of the alternative reference rates, prices of and the liquidity of trading markets
for products based on the alternative reference rates, and our ability to transition to and develop appropriate systems and analytics for one or more alternative reference rates. For a further discussion of the various risks we face in connection
with the expected replacement of the IBORs and/or reform of interest rate benchmarks on our operations, see “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.” 

63

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk 

 Risk Management 

Overview 

Risk is an inherent part of
our businesses and activities. We believe effective risk management is vital to the success of our business activities. Accordingly, we have an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework to integrate the diverse roles of risk management
into a holistic enterprise structure and to facilitate the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the Firm. 

We have policies and procedures in place to identify, measure, monitor, advise, challenge and control the principal risks involved in the
activities of the Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, as well as at the Parent Company level. The principal risks involved in our business activities include market (including non-trading interest rate risk), credit, operational, model, compliance, cybersecurity, liquidity, strategic, reputational and conduct risk. Strategic risk is integrated into our business planning, embedded in the
evaluation of all principal risks and overseen by the Board. 

The cornerstone of our risk management philosophy is the pursuit of
risk-adjusted returns through prudent risk taking that protects our capital base and franchise. This philosophy is implemented through the ERM framework. Five key principles underlie this philosophy: integrity, comprehensiveness, independence,
accountability and transparency. To help ensure the efficacy of risk management, which is an essential component of our reputation, senior management requires

thorough and frequent communication and the appropriate escalation of risk matters. The fast-paced, complex and constantly evolving nature of global financial markets requires us to maintain a
risk management culture that is incisive, knowledgeable about specialized products and markets, and subject to ongoing review and enhancement. 

Our risk appetite defines the types of risk that the Firm is willing to accept in pursuit of our strategic objectives and business plan,
taking into account the interest of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. This risk appetite is embedded in our risk culture and linked to our short-term and long-term strategic, capital
and financial plans, as well as compensation programs. This risk appetite and the related Board-level risk limits and risk tolerance statements are reviewed and approved by the Risk Committee of the Board (“BRC”) and the Board on at least
an annual basis. 
Risk Governance Structure 

Risk management at the Firm requires independent Firm-level oversight, accountability of our business divisions, and effective communication
of risk matters across the Firm, to senior management and ultimately to the Board. Our risk governance structure is set forth in the chart below and also includes risk managers, committees, and groups within and across the business segments and
operating legal entities. The ERM framework, composed of independent but complementary entities, facilitates efficient and comprehensive supervision of our risk exposures and processes.

Morgan Stanley Board Operations and Technology Committee Risk Committee Audit Committee Chief Executive Officer Firm Risk
Committee Chief Financial Officer Chief Compliance Officer Chief Legal Officer Chief Risk Officer Business/Control Senior Management Other Committees CCAR RRP Strategic Transactions Internal Audit Global Audit Director Governance Process Review
Subcommittee Functional Risk and Control Committees Firm Credit Risk Asset/Liability Management Global Compliance Firm Franchise Operational Risk Oversight Technology Governance Model Oversight Culture, Values and Conduct Enterprise Regulatory
Oversight Commitment and Underwriting1 Global Legal Entity Oversight and Governance Segment Risk2 

1.

 Committees include the Capital Commitment Committee, Global Large Loan Committee, Equity Underwriting Committee,
Leveraged Finance Underwriting Committee and Municipal Capital Commitment Committee. 

2.

 Committees include the Securities Risk Committee, Wealth Management Risk Committee and Investment Management Risk
Committee. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

64

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 Morgan Stanley Board of Directors 

The Board has oversight of the ERM framework and is responsible for helping to ensure that our risks are managed in a sound manner. The Board
has authorized the committees within the ERM framework to help facilitate our risk oversight responsibilities. As set forth in our Corporate Governance Policies, the Board also oversees, and receives reports on, our financial performance, strategy
and business plans, as well as our practices and procedures relating to reputational and franchise risk, and culture, values and conduct. 

Risk Committee of the Board 

The BRC assists the Board in its oversight of the ERM framework; oversees major risk exposures of the Firm, including market, credit,
operational, model, liquidity, and reputational risk, against established risk measurement methodologies and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; oversees our risk appetite statement, including risk limits and
tolerances; reviews capital, liquidity and funding strategy and related guidelines and policies; reviews the contingency funding plan and internal capital adequacy assessment process and capital plan; oversees our significant risk management and
risk assessment guidelines and policies; oversees the performance of the Chief Risk Officer; reviews reports from our Strategic Transactions Committee, CCAR Committee, and Resolution and Recovery Planning (“RRP”) Committee; reviews new
product risk, emerging risks and regulatory matters; and reviews the Internal Audit reports on the assessment of the risk management, liquidity and capital functions. The BRC reports to the entire Board on a regular basis, and coordinates with other
Board committees with respect to oversight of risk management and risk assessment guidelines. 
Audit Committee of the Board

The BAC oversees the integrity of our financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and system of
internal controls; oversees risk management and risk assessment guidelines in coordination with the Board, BRC and Operations and Technology Committee of the Board (“BOTC”) and reviews the major legal and compliance risk exposures of the
Firm and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; selects, determines the fees, evaluates and, when appropriate, replaces the independent auditor; oversees the qualifications, independence and performance of our
independent auditor, and pre-approves audit and permitted 
non-audit services; oversees the performance of our Global Audit Director; and, after review, recommends to the
Board the acceptance and inclusion of the annual audited financial statements in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 
10-K. The BAC reports to the entire Board on a regular basis.

 Operations and Technology Committee of the Board 

The BOTC oversees our operations and technology strategy, including trends that may affect such strategy; reviews the operations and
technology budget and significant expenditures and investments in support of such strategy; reviews the operations and technology metrics; oversees risk management and risk assessment guidelines and policies regarding operations and technology risk;
reviews the major operations and technology risk exposures of the Firm, including information security and cybersecurity risks, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; and oversees our business continuity planning.
The BOTC reports to the entire Board on a regular basis. 
Firm Risk Committee 

The Board has also authorized the Firm Risk Committee (“FRC”), a management committee appointed and chaired by the Chief Executive
Officer, which includes the most senior officers of the Firm, including the Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer, to help oversee the ERM framework. The FRC’s responsibilities include oversight of our risk
management principles, procedures and limits and the monitoring of capital levels and material market, credit, operational, model, liquidity, legal, compliance and reputational risk matters, and other risks, as appropriate, and the steps management
has taken to monitor and manage such risks. The FRC also establishes and communicates risk tolerance, including aggregate Firm limits and tolerances, as appropriate. The Governance Process Review Subcommittee of the FRC oversees governance and
process issues on behalf of the FRC. The FRC reports to the entire Board, the BAC, the BOTC and the BRC through the Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer. 

Functional Risk and Control Committees 

Functional risk and control committees and other committees within the ERM framework facilitate efficient and comprehensive supervision of our
risk exposures and processes. 
Each business segment has a risk committee that is responsible for helping to ensure that the business
segment, as applicable, adheres to established limits for market, credit, operational and other risks; implements risk measurement, monitoring, and management policies, procedures, controls and systems that are consistent with the risk framework
established by the FRC; and reviews, on a periodic basis, our aggregate risk exposures, risk exception experience, and the efficacy of our risk identification, measurement, monitoring and management policies and procedures, and related controls.

65

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 Chief Risk Officer 

The Chief Risk Officer, who is independent of business units, reports to the BRC and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Risk Officer
oversees compliance with our risk limits; approves exceptions to our risk limits; independently reviews material market, credit, liquidity, model and operational risks; and reviews results of risk management processes with the Board, the BRC and the
BAC, as appropriate. The Chief Risk Officer also coordinates with the Chief Financial Officer regarding capital and liquidity management and works with the Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee of the Board to help ensure
that the structure and design of incentive compensation arrangements do not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking. 

Independent Risk Management Functions 

The risk management functions (Market Risk, Credit Risk, Operational Risk, Model Risk and Liquidity Risk Management departments) are
independent of our business units and report to the Chief Risk Officer. These functions assist senior management and the FRC in monitoring and controlling our risk through a number of control processes. Each function maintains its own risk
governance structure with specified individuals and committees responsible for aspects of managing risk. Further discussion about the responsibilities of the risk management functions may be found under “Market Risk,” “Credit
Risk,” “Operational Risk,” “Model Risk” and “Liquidity Risk.” 
Support and Control Groups

Our support and control groups include the Legal and Compliance Division, the Finance Division, the Operations Division, the
Technology and Data Division, the Human Resources Department and Corporate Services. Our support and control groups coordinate with the business segment control groups to review the risk monitoring and risk management policies and procedures
relating to, among other things, controls over financial reporting and disclosure; each business segment’s market, credit and operational risk profile; liquidity risks; model risks; sales practices; reputational, legal enforceability,
compliance, conduct and regulatory risk; and technological risks. Participation by the senior officers of the Firm and business segment control groups helps ensure that risk policies and procedures, exceptions to risk limits, new products and
business ventures, and transactions with risk elements undergo thorough review. 
Internal Audit Department 

The Internal Audit Department provides independent risk and control assessment. The Internal Audit Department provides an independent
assessment of the design and effectiveness of

our control environment and risk management processes using a risk-based audit coverage model and audit execution methodology developed from professional auditing standards. The Internal Audit
Department also reviews and tests our compliance with internal guidelines set for risk management and risk monitoring, as well as external rules and regulations governing the industry. It effects these responsibilities through periodic reviews (with
specified minimum frequency) of our processes, activities, products or information systems; targeted reviews of specific controls and activities; pre-implementation or initiative reviews of new or
significantly changed processes, activities, products or information systems; and special investigations and retrospective reviews required as a result of internal factors or regulatory requests. In addition to regular reports to the BAC, the Global
Audit Director, who reports functionally to the BAC and administratively to the Chief Executive Officer, periodically reports to the BRC and BOTC on risk-related control issues. 

Culture, Values and Conduct of Employees 

Employees of the Firm are accountable for conducting themselves in accordance with our core values: Putting Clients First, Doing the Right
Thing, Leading with Exceptional Ideas and 
Giving Back. We are committed to reinforcing and confirming adherence to the core values through our governance framework, tone from the top, management oversight, risk management and controls,
and three lines of defense structure (business, control functions such as Risk Management and Compliance, and Internal Audit). 

The Board
is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s practices and procedures relating to culture, values and conduct, as set forth in the Firm’s Corporate Governance Policies. Our Culture, Values and Conduct Committee is the senior management
committee that oversees the Firm-wide culture, values and conduct program. A fundamental building block of this program is the Firm’s Code of Conduct, which establishes standards for employee conduct that further reinforce the Firm’s
commitment to integrity and ethical conduct. Every new hire and every employee annually must certify to their understanding of and adherence to the Code of Conduct. The Firm’s Global Conduct Risk Management Policy also sets out a
consistent global framework for managing Conduct Risk (i.e., the risk arising from misconduct by employees or contingent workers) and Conduct Risk incidents at the Firm. 

The employee annual performance review process includes evaluation of employee conduct related to risk management practices and the
Firm’s expectations. We also have several mutually reinforcing processes to identify employee conduct that may have an impact on employment status, current year compensation and/or prior year compensation. For example, the Global Incentive
Compensation Discretion Policy sets 

December 2018 Form 10-K

66

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

forth standards for managers when making annual compensation decisions and specifically provides that managers must consider whether their employees effectively managed and/or supervised risk
control practices during the performance year. Management committees from control functions periodically meet to discuss employees whose conduct is not in line with our expectations. These results are incorporated into identified employees’
performance reviews and compensation and promotion decisions. 
The Firm’s clawback and cancellation provisions apply to deferred
incentive compensation and cover a broad scope of employee conduct, including any act or omission (including with respect to direct supervisory responsibilities) that constitutes a breach of obligation to the Firm or causes a restatement of the
Firm’s financial results, constitutes a violation of the Firm’s global risk management principles, policies and standards, or causes a loss of revenue associated with a position on which the employee was paid and the employee operated
outside of internal control policies. 
Risk Limits Framework 

Risk limits and quantitative metrics provide the basis for monitoring risk taking activity and avoiding outsized risk taking. Our risk-taking
capacity is sized through the Firm’s capital planning process where losses are estimated under the Firm’s BHC Severely Adverse stress testing scenario. We also maintain a comprehensive suite of risk limits and quantitative metrics to
support and implement our risk appetite statement. Our risk limits support linkages between the overall risk appetite, which is reviewed by the Board, and more granular risk-taking decisions and activities. 

Risk limits, once established, are reviewed and updated on at least an annual basis, with more frequent updates as necessary. Board-level risk
limits address the most important Firm-wide aggregations of risk, including, but not limited to, stressed market, credit and liquidity risks. Additional risk limits approved by the FRC address more specific types of risk and are bound by the
higher-level Board risk limits. 
Risk Management Process 

In subsequent sections we discuss our risk management policies and procedures for our primary risks. This discussion primarily focuses on our
Institutional Securities trading activities and corporate lending and related activities. We believe that these activities generate a substantial portion of our primary risks. These sections and the estimated amounts of our risk exposure generated
by our statistical analyses are forward-looking statements. However, the analyses used to assess such risks are not predictions of future events, and actual results may vary significantly from such analyses due

to events in the markets in which we operate and certain other factors described in the following paragraphs. 

Market Risk 

Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other
market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio. Generally, we incur market risk as a result of trading, investing and client facilitation activities, principally within the Institutional Securities
business segment where the substantial majority of our VaR for market risk exposures is generated. In addition, we incur non-trading market risk within the Wealth Management and Investment Management business
segments. The Wealth Management business segment primarily incurs 
non-trading market risk from lending and deposit-taking activities. The Investment Management business segment primarily incurs 
non-trading market risk from capital investments in alternative and other funds. 

Market risk includes non-trading interest rate risk. 
Non-trading interest rate risk in the banking book (amounts classified for regulatory capital purposes under the banking book regime) refers to
the exposure that a change in interest rates will result in prospective earnings changes for assets and liabilities in the banking book. 

Sound market risk management is an integral part of our culture. The various business units and trading desks are responsible for ensuring
that market risk exposures are well-managed and prudent. The control groups help ensure that these risks are measured and closely monitored and are made transparent to senior management. The Market Risk Department is responsible for ensuring
transparency of material market risks, monitoring compliance with established limits and escalating risk concentrations to appropriate senior management. 

To execute these responsibilities, the Market Risk Department monitors our risk against limits on aggregate risk exposures, performs a variety
of risk analyses, routinely reports risk summaries, and maintains our VaR and scenario analysis systems. Market risk is also monitored through various measures: by use of statistics (including VaR and related analytical measures); by measures of
position sensitivity; and through routine stress testing, which measures the impact on the value of existing portfolios of specified changes in market factors and scenarios designed by the Market Risk Department in collaboration with the business
units. The material risks identified by these processes are summarized in reports produced by the Market Risk Department that are circulated to and discussed with senior management, the FRC, the BRC and the Board.

67

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 Trading Risks 

Primary Market Risk Exposures and Market Risk Management 

During 2018, we had exposures to a wide range of interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices—and the
associated implied volatilities and spreads—related to the global markets in which we conduct our trading activities. 
We are exposed
to interest rate and credit spread risk as a result of our market-making activities and other trading in interest rate-sensitive financial instruments (e.g., risk arising from changes in the level or implied volatility of interest rates, the
timing of mortgage prepayments, the shape of the yield curve and credit spreads). The activities from which those exposures arise and the markets in which we are active include, but are not limited to, the following: derivatives, and corporate and
government debt across both developed and emerging markets and asset-backed debt, including mortgage-related securities. 

We are exposed
to equity price and implied volatility risk as a result of making markets in equity securities and derivatives and maintaining other positions, including positions in non-public entities. Positions in 
non-public entities may include, but are not limited to, exposures to private equity, venture capital, private partnerships, real estate funds and other funds. Such positions are less liquid, have longer investment
horizons and are more difficult to hedge than listed equities. 

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate and implied volatility risk as a
result of making markets in foreign currencies and foreign currency derivatives, from maintaining foreign exchange positions and from holding non-U.S. dollar-denominated financial instruments. 

We are exposed to commodity price and implied volatility risk as a result of market-making activities in commodity products related primarily
to electricity, natural gas, oil and precious metals. Commodity exposures are subject to periods of high price volatility as a result of changes in supply and demand. These changes can be caused by weather conditions; physical production and
transportation; or geopolitical and other events that affect the available supply and level of demand for these commodities. 
We manage
our trading positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and hedging. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial
instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g., futures, forwards, swaps and options). Hedging

activities may not always provide effective mitigation against trading losses due to differences in the terms, specific characteristics or other basis risks that may exist between the hedge
instrument and the risk exposure that is being hedged. 
We manage the market risk associated with our trading activities on a Firm-wide
basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis. We manage and monitor our market risk exposures in such a way as to maintain a portfolio that we believe is well-diversified in the aggregate with respect to market
risk factors and that reflects our aggregate risk tolerance as established by our senior management. 
Aggregate market risk limits have
been approved for the Firm across all divisions worldwide. Additional market risk limits are assigned to trading desks and, as appropriate, products and regions. Trading division risk managers, desk risk managers, traders and the Market Risk
Department monitor market risk measures against limits in accordance with policies set by our senior management. 
Value-at-Risk

The statistical technique known as VaR is
one of the tools we use to measure, monitor and review the market risk exposures of our trading portfolios. The Market Risk Department calculates and distributes daily VaR-based risk measures to various levels
of management. 

We estimate VaR using a model based on volatility-adjusted historical simulation for general market risk factors and Monte
Carlo simulation for name-specific risk in corporate shares, bonds, loans and related derivatives. The model constructs a distribution of hypothetical daily changes in the value of trading portfolios based on historical observation of daily changes
in key market indices or other market risk factors, and information on the sensitivity of the portfolio values to these market risk factor changes. 

Our VaR model uses four years of historical data with a volatility adjustment to reflect current market conditions. VaR for risk management
purposes (“Management VaR”) is computed at a 95% level of confidence over a one-day time horizon, which is a useful indicator of possible trading losses resulting from adverse daily market moves. The

95%/one-day VaR corresponds to the unrealized loss in portfolio value that, based on historically observed market risk factor movements, would have been exceeded with a frequency of 5%, or five times in every
100 trading days, if the portfolio were held constant for one day. 

Our VaR model generally takes into account linear and non-linear exposures to equity and commodity price risk, interest rate risk, credit spread risk and foreign exchange

December 2018 Form 10-K

68

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

rates. The model also takes into account linear exposures to implied volatility risks for all asset classes and non-linear exposures to implied volatility
risks for equity, commodity and foreign exchange referenced products. The VaR model also captures certain implied correlation risks associated with portfolio credit derivatives, as well as certain basis risks (
e.g., corporate debt and related
credit derivatives). 

We use VaR as one of a range of risk management tools. Among their benefits, VaR models permit estimation of a
portfolio’s aggregate market risk exposure, incorporating a range of varied market risks and portfolio assets. One key element of the VaR model is that it reflects risk reduction due to portfolio diversification or hedging activities. However,
VaR has various limitations, which include, but are not limited to: use of historical changes in market risk factors, which may not be accurate predictors of future market conditions and may not fully incorporate the risk of extreme market events
that are outsized relative to observed historical market behavior or reflect the historical distribution of results beyond the 95% confidence interval; and reporting of losses in a single day, which does not reflect the risk of positions that cannot
be liquidated or hedged in one day. A small proportion of market risk generated by trading positions is not included in VaR. 
The modeling
of the risk characteristics of some positions relies on approximations that, under certain circumstances, could produce significantly different results from those produced using more precise measures. VaR is most appropriate as a risk measure for
trading positions in liquid financial markets and will understate the risk associated with severe events, such as periods of extreme illiquidity. We are aware of these and other limitations and, therefore, use VaR as only one component in our risk
management oversight process. This process also incorporates stress testing and scenario analyses and extensive risk monitoring, analysis and control at the trading desk, division and Firm levels. 

Our VaR model evolves over time in response to changes in the composition of trading portfolios and to improvements in modeling techniques and
systems capabilities. We are committed to continuous review and enhancement of VaR methodologies and assumptions in order to capture evolving risks associated with changes in market structure and dynamics. As part of our regular process
improvements, additional systematic and name-specific risk factors may be added to improve the VaR model’s ability to more accurately estimate risks to specific asset classes or industry sectors. 

Since the reported VaR statistics are estimates based on historical data, VaR should not be viewed as predictive of our future revenues or
financial performance or of our ability to

monitor and manage risk. There can be no assurance that our actual losses on a particular day will not exceed the VaR amounts indicated in the following tables and paragraphs or that such losses
will not occur more than five times in 100 trading days for a 95%/one-day VaR. VaR does not predict the magnitude of losses that, should they occur, may be significantly greater than the VaR amount. 

VaR statistics are not readily comparable across firms because of differences in the firms’ portfolios, modeling assumptions and
methodologies. These differences can result in materially different VaR estimates across firms for similar portfolios. The impact of such differences varies depending on the factor history assumptions, the frequency with which the factor history is
updated and the confidence level. As a result, VaR statistics are more useful when interpreted as indicators of trends in a firm’s risk profile rather than as an absolute measure of risk to be compared across firms. 

Our regulators have approved the same VaR model we use for risk management purposes for use in regulatory calculations. 

The portfolio of positions used for Management VaR differs from that used for Regulatory VaR. Management VaR contains certain positions that
are excluded from Regulatory VaR. Examples include counterparty CVA and related hedges, as well as loans that are carried at fair value and associated hedges. 

The following table presents the Management VaR for the Trading portfolio, on a period-end, annual
average, and annual high and low basis. To further enhance the transparency of the traded market risk, the Credit Portfolio VaR has been disclosed as a separate category from the Primary Risk Categories. The Credit Portfolio includes counterparty
CVA and related hedges, as well as loans that are carried at fair value and associated hedges. 

95%/One-Day Management VaR 

2018

$ in millions

 Period

End

Average

High2

Low2

 Interest rate and credit spread

 $

 38

 $

 34

 $

 51

 $

 25 

 Equity price

 14

 14

 18

 11 

 Foreign exchange rate

 13

 11

 16

 7 

 Commodity price

 13

 9

 18

 7 

 Less: Diversification benefit1

 (27

 ) 

 (27

 ) 

 N/A

 N/A 

 Primary Risk Categories

 $

 51

 $

 41

 $

 62

 $

 33 

 Credit Portfolio

 15

 12

 16

 9 

 Less: Diversification benefit1

 (9

 ) 

 (8

 ) 

 N/A

 N/A 

 Total Management VaR

 $

          57

 $

 45

 $

       67

 $

       38 

69

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

2017

$ in millions

 Period

End

Average

High2

Low2

 Interest rate and credit spread

 $

 32

 $

 31

 $

 44

 $

 23 

 Equity price

 11

 15

 26

 10 

 Foreign exchange rate

 9

 10

 18

 6 

 Commodity price

 7

 8

 11

 6 

 Less: Diversification benefit1

 (20

 ) 

 (24

 ) 

 N/A

 N/A 

 Primary Risk Categories

 $

 39

 $

 40

 $

 60

 $

 28 

 Credit Portfolio

 9

 12

 17

 8 

 Less: Diversification benefit1

 (5

 ) 

 (8

 ) 

 N/A

 N/A 

 Total Management VaR

 $

          43

 $

 44

 $

       64

 $

       33 

1.

 Diversification benefit equals the difference between the total Management VaR and the sum of the component VaRs. This
benefit arises because the simulated one-day losses for each of the components occur on different days; similar diversification benefits also are taken into account within each component.

2.

 The high and low VaR values for the total Management VaR and each of the component VaRs might have occurred on
different days during the quarter, and therefore, the diversification benefit is not an applicable measure. 

Average
total Management VaR and average Management VaR for the Primary Risk Categories were relatively unchanged from 2017. 
Distribution
of VaR Statistics and Net Revenues 

One method of evaluating the reasonableness of our VaR model as a measure of our potential
volatility of net revenues is to compare VaR with corresponding actual trading revenues. Assuming no intraday trading, for a 95%/one-day VaR, the expected number of times that trading losses should exceed VaR
during the year is 13, and, in general, if trading losses were to exceed VaR more than 21 times in a year, the adequacy of the VaR model would be questioned. 

We evaluate the reasonableness of our VaR model by comparing the potential declines in portfolio values generated by the model with
corresponding actual trading results for the Firm, as well as individual business units. For days where losses exceed the VaR statistic, we examine the drivers of trading losses to evaluate the VaR model’s accuracy relative to realized trading
results. There were no days in 2018 on which trading losses exceeded VaR.

 Daily 95%/One-Day Total Management VaR for 2018
1 

($ in millions) 

1.

 The average 95%/one-day total Management VaR for 2018 was $45 million.

Daily Net Trading Revenues for 2018 

($ in millions)

The previous histogram shows the distribution of daily net trading revenues for 2018. Daily net trading
revenues include profits and losses from Interest rate and credit spread, Equity price, Foreign exchange rate, Commodity price, and Credit Portfolio positions and intraday trading activities for our trading businesses. Certain items such as fees,
commissions and net interest income are excluded from daily net trading revenues and the VaR model. Revenues required for Regulatory VaR backtesting further exclude intraday trading.

December 2018 Form 10-K

70

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 Non-Trading Risks 

We believe that sensitivity analysis is an appropriate representation of our non-trading risks. The
following sensitivity analyses cover substantially all of the 
non-trading risk in our portfolio. 

Credit Spread Risk
Sensitivity1 

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Derivatives

 $

    6

 $

    6 

 Funding liabilities2

 34

 29 

1.

 Amounts represent the increase in value for each 1 bps widening of our credit spread. 

2.

 Relates to structured note liabilities carried at fair value. 

Credit spread risk sensitivity for funding liabilities as of December 31, 2018 has increased compared with December 31, 2017,
primarily as a result of new structured note issuances in the Fixed Income Division of the Institutional Securities business segment. 
U.S. Bank
Subsidiaries’ Net Interest Income Sensitivity Analysis 

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Basis point change

 +200

 $

340

 $

                    489

 +100

 182

 367

 -100

 (428

 ) 

 (500

 ) 

The previous table presents an analysis of selected instantaneous upward and downward parallel interest rate
shocks on net interest income over the next 12 months for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. These shocks are applied to our 12-month forecast for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, which incorporates market expectations of
interest rates and our forecasted business activity. 

We do not manage to any single rate scenario but rather manage net interest income
in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries to optimize across a range of possible outcomes, including non-parallel rate change scenarios. The sensitivity analysis assumes that we take no action in response to these
scenarios, assumes there are no changes in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with changes in interest rates, and includes subjective assumptions regarding customer and market 
re-pricing
behavior and other factors. The change in sensitivity to interest rates between December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 is related to overall changes in our asset-liability profile and higher market rates.

 Investments Sensitivity, Including Related Performance Fees 

Loss from 10% Decline

 $ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Investments related to Investment Management
activities

 $

             298

 $

             316 

 Other investments:

 MUMSS

 165

 168 

 Other Firm investments

 179

 178 

MUMSS—Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. 

We have exposure to public and private companies through direct investments, as well as through funds that invest in these assets. These
investments are predominantly equity positions with long investment horizons, a portion of which is for business facilitation purposes. The market risk related to these investments is measured by estimating the potential reduction in net income
associated with a 10% decline in investment values and related impact on performance fees. 
Equity Market Sensitivity 

In the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, certain fee-based revenue
streams are driven by the value of clients’ equity holdings. The overall level of revenues for these streams also depends on multiple additional factors that include, but are not limited to, the level and duration of the equity market increase
or decline, price volatility, the geographic and industry mix of client assets, the rate and magnitude of client investments and redemptions, and the impact of such market increase or decline and price volatility on client behavior. Therefore,
overall revenues do not correlate completely with changes in the equity markets. 

Credit Risk 

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. We
primarily incur credit risk to institutions and individuals through our Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments. 

We may incur credit risk in our Institutional Securities business segment through a variety of activities, including, but not limited to, the
following: 

•

 extending credit to clients through lending commitments; 

•

 entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties may have obligations to make
payments to us; 

71

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

•

 providing short- or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at
times be insufficient to fully cover the repayment amount; 

•

 posting margin and/or collateral to clearinghouses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and
other financial counterparties; 

•

 placing funds on deposit at other financial institutions to support our clearing and settlement obligations;
and 

•

 investing or trading in securities and loan pools, whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on
realized or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or loans. 

We incur credit risk in our Wealth Management
business segment, primarily through lending to individuals and entities, including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 margin loans collateralized by securities; 

•

 securities-based lending and other forms of secured loans, including tailored lending, to high net worth
clients; and 

•

 single-family residential mortgage loans in conforming, non-conforming
or HELOC form, primarily to existing Wealth Management clients. 

Monitoring and Control 

In order to help protect us from losses, the Credit Risk Management Department (“CRM”) establishes Firm-wide practices to evaluate,
monitor and control credit risk at the transaction, obligor and portfolio levels. CRM approves extensions of credit, evaluates the creditworthiness of the counterparties and borrowers on a regular basis, and helps ensure that credit exposure is
actively monitored and managed. The evaluation of counterparties and borrowers includes an assessment of the probability that an obligor will default on its financial obligations and any losses that may occur when an obligor defaults. In addition,
credit risk exposure is actively managed by credit professionals and committees within CRM and through various risk committees, whose membership includes individuals from CRM. A comprehensive and global Credit Limits Framework is utilized to manage
credit risk levels across the Firm. The Credit Limits Framework is calibrated within our risk tolerance and includes single-name limits and portfolio concentration limits by country, industry and product type. 

CRM helps ensure timely and transparent communication of material credit risks, compliance with established limits and escalation of risk
concentrations to appropriate senior management. CRM also works closely with the Market Risk Department and applicable business units to monitor risk exposures and to perform stress tests to identify, analyze and

control credit risk concentrations arising from lending and trading activities. The stress tests shock market factors (e.g., interest rates, commodity prices, credit spreads), risk
parameters (
e.g., default probabilities and loss given default), recovery rates and expected losses in order to assess the impact of stresses on exposures, profit and loss, and our capital position. Stress tests are conducted in accordance
with our established policies and procedures. 

Credit Evaluation 

The evaluation of corporate and institutional counterparties and borrowers includes assigning obligor credit ratings, which reflect an
assessment of an obligor’s probability of default and loss given default. Credit evaluations typically involve the assessment of financial statements; leverage; liquidity; capital strength; asset composition and quality; market capitalization;
access to capital markets; adequacy of collateral, if applicable; and in the case of certain loans, cash flow projections and debt service requirements. CRM also evaluates strategy, market position, industry dynamics, management and other factors
that could affect the obligor’s risk profile. Additionally, CRM evaluates the relative position of our exposure in the borrower’s capital structure and relative recovery prospects, as well as other structural elements of the particular
transaction. 
The evaluation of consumer borrowers is tailored to the specific type of lending. Margin and securities-based loans are
evaluated based on factors that include, but are not limited to, the amount of the loan, the degree of leverage and the quality, diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral. The underwriting of residential real estate loans
includes, but is not limited to, review of the obligor’s income, net worth, liquidity, collateral, loan-to-value
 ratio and credit bureau information. Subsequent
credit monitoring for individual loans is performed at the portfolio level, and collateral values are monitored on an ongoing basis. 

Credit risk metrics assigned to our borrowers during the evaluation process are incorporated into CRM maintenance of the allowance for loan
losses for loans held for investment. Such allowance serves as a reserve for probable inherent losses, as well as probable losses related to loans identified as impaired. For more information on the allowance for loan losses, see Notes 2
and 7 to the financial statements. 
Risk Mitigation 

We may seek to mitigate credit risk from our lending and trading activities in multiple ways, including collateral provisions, guarantees and
hedges. At the transaction level, we seek to mitigate risk through management of key risk elements such as size, tenor, financial covenants, seniority and collateral. We actively hedge our lending and derivatives

December 2018 Form 10-K

72

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

exposure. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g., futures,
forwards, swaps, and options). Additionally, we may sell, assign or syndicate loans and lending commitments to other financial institutions in the primary and secondary loan markets. 

In connection with our derivatives trading activities, we generally enter into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with
counterparties. These agreements provide us with the ability to demand collateral, as well as to liquidate collateral and offset receivables and payables covered under the same master agreement in the event of a counterparty default. A collateral
management group monitors collateral levels against requirements and oversees the administration of the collateral function. See Note 6 to the financial statements for additional information about our collateralized transactions. 

Loans and Lending Commitments 

We
provide loans and lending commitments to a variety of customers, from large corporate and institutional clients to high net worth individuals. In addition, we purchase loans in the secondary market. In the balance sheets, these loans and lending
commitments are carried as held for investment, which are recorded at amortized cost; as held for sale, which are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value; or at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Loans held for
investment and loans held for sale are classified in Loans, and loans held at fair value are classified in Trading assets in the balance sheets. See Notes 3, 7 and 12 to the financial statements for further information.

 Loans and Lending Commitments 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM1

Total

 Corporate

 $

 20,020

 $

 16,884

 $

 5

 $

 36,909

 Consumer

 —

 27,868

 —

 27,868

 Residential real estate

 —

 27,466

 —

 27,466

 Wholesale real estate

 7,810

 —

 —

 7,810

 Loans held for investment, gross of
allowance

 27,830

 72,218

 5

 100,053

 Allowance for loan losses

 (193

 ) 

 (45

 ) 

 —

 (238

 ) 

 Loans held for investment, net of
allowance

 27,637

 72,173

 5

 99,815

 Corporate

 13,886

 —

 —

 13,886

 Residential real estate

 1

 21

 —

 22

 Wholesale real estate

 1,856

 —

 —

 1,856

 Loans held for sale

 15,743

 21

 —

 15,764

 Corporate

 9,150

 —

 21

 9,171

 Residential real estate

 1,153

 —

 —

 1,153

 Wholesale real estate

 601

 —

 —

 601

 Loans held at fair value

 10,904

 —

 21

 10,925

 Total loans

 54,284

 72,194

 26

 126,504

 Lending commitments2, 3 

 95,065

 10,663

 —

 105,728

 Total loans and lending commitments2, 3

 $

     149,349

 $

     82,857

 $

            26

 $

     232,232

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM1

Total

 Corporate

 $

 15,332

 $

 14,417

 $

 5

 $

 29,754

 Consumer

 —

 26,808

 —

 26,808

 Residential real estate

 —

 26,635

 —

 26,635

 Wholesale real estate

 9,980

 —

 —

 9,980

 Loans held for investment, gross of
allowance

 25,312

 67,860

 5

 93,177

 Allowance for loan losses

 (182

 ) 

 (42

 ) 

 —

 (224

 ) 

 Loans held for investment, net of
allowance

 25,130

 67,818

 5

 92,953

 Corporate

 9,456

 —

 —

 9,456

 Residential real estate

 1

 34

 —

 35

 Wholesale real estate

 1,682

 —

 —

 1,682

 Loans held for sale

 11,139

 34

 —

 11,173

 Corporate

 8,336

 —

 22

 8,358

 Residential real estate

 799

 —

 —

 799

 Wholesale real estate

 1,579

 —

 —

 1,579

 Loans held at fair value

 10,714

 —

 22

 10,736

 Total loans

 46,983

 67,852

 27

 114,862

 Lending commitments2, 3

 92,588

 9,481

 —

 102,069

 Total loans and lending commitments2, 3

 $

     139,571

 $

     77,333

 $

            27

 $

     216,931

 1.

 Investment Management business segment loans are entered into in conjunction with certain investment
advisory activities. 

 2.

 Lending commitments represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide funding to
clients for lending transactions. Since commitments associated with these business activities may expire unused or may not be utilized to full capacity, they do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.

 3.

 For syndications led by us, any lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed are net
of amounts syndicated. For syndications that we participate in and do not lead, any lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed include only the amount that we expect will be allocated from the lead syndicate bank. Due to the
nature of our obligations under the commitments, these amounts include certain commitments participated to third parties.

73

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 In 2018, total loans and lending commitments increased by approximately $15 billion
primarily due to increases in corporate collateralized and event-driven loans and lending commitments within the Institutional Securities business segment and growth in securities-based lending within the Wealth Management business segment. 

Credit exposure arising from our loans and lending commitments is measured in accordance with our internal risk management standards. Risk
factors considered in determining the aggregate allowance for loan and commitment losses include the borrower’s financial strength, industry, facility structure, loan-to-value ratio, debt service ratio, collateral and covenants. Qualitative and
environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio and lending terms, and volume and severity of past due loans may also be considered. 

Allowance for Loans and Lending Commitments Held for Investment 

$ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Loans

 $

    238

 $

    224 

 Lending commitments

 203

 198 

 Total allowance for loans and lending
commitments

 $

 441

 $

 422 

The aggregate allowance for loans and lending commitment losses increased during 2018, primarily due to
overall portfolio changes and qualitative and environmental factors impacting the inherent allowance within the Institutional Securities business segment. See Note 7 to the financial statements for further information. 

Status of Loans Held for Investment 

At December 31, 2018

    At December 31, 2017    

IS    

WM    

IS     

WM    

 Current

 99.8%

 99.9%

 99.5%

 99.9%

 Nonaccrual1

 0.2%

 0.1%

 0.5%

 0.1%

1.

 These loans are on nonaccrual status because the loans were past due for a period of 90 days or more or payment of
principal or interest was in doubt. 

 Institutional Securities 

In connection with certain Institutional Securities business segment activities, we provide loans and lending commitments to a diverse group
of corporate and other institutional clients. We also purchase a variety of loans in the secondary market. Our loans and lending commitments may have varying terms; may be senior or subordinated; may be secured or unsecured; are generally contingent
upon representations, warranties and contractual conditions applicable to the borrower; and may be syndicated, traded or hedged by us. 
We
also participate in securitization activities, whereby we extend short- or long-term collateralized lines of credit and term loans with various types of collateral, including residential real estate, commercial real estate, corporate and financial
assets. These collateralized loans and lending commitments generally provide for over-collateralization. Credit risk with respect to these loans and lending commitments arises from the failure of a borrower to perform according to the terms of the
loan agreement or a decline in the underlying collateral value. The Firm monitors collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements. See Note 13 to the financial statements for information about our securitization activities. 

Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments1 

At December 31, 2018

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Loans

 AA

 $

 7

 $

 430

 $

 —

 $

 19

 $

 456

 A

 565

 1,580

 858

 267

 3,270

 BBB

 3,775

 4,697

 4,251

 495

 13,218

 NIG

 7,151

 12,882

 9,313

 5,889

 35,235

 Unrated2

 88

 95

 160

 1,762

 2,105

 Total loans

 11,586

 19,684

 14,582

 8,432

 54,284

 Lending commitments

 AAA

 90

 75

 —

 —

 165

 AA

 2,491

 1,177

 2,863

 —

 6,531

 A

 2,892

 6,006

 9,895

 502

 19,295

 BBB

 2,993

 11,825

 19,461

 638

 34,917

 NIG

 1,681

 10,604

 16,075

 5,751

 34,111

 Unrated2

 8

 —

 38

 —

 46

 Total lending

 commitments

 10,155

 29,687

 48,332

 6,891

 95,065

 Total exposure

 $

 21,741

 $

   49,371

 $

   62,914

 $

   15,323

 $

   149,349

December 2018 Form 10-K

74

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

At December 31, 2017

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Loans

 AA

$

14

$

503

$

30

$

5

$

552

 A

1,608

1,710

1,235

693

5,246

 BBB

2,791

6,558

3,752

646

13,747

 NIG

4,760

12,311

4,480

3,245

24,796

Unrated2

243

291

621

1,487

2,642

 Total loans

9,416

21,373

10,118

6,076

46,983

 Lending commitments

 AAA

—

165

—

—

165

 AA

3,745

1,108

3,002

—

7,855

 A

3,769

5,533

11,774

197

21,273

 BBB

3,987

12,345

16,818

1,095

34,245

 NIG

4,159

9,776

12,279

2,698

28,912

Unrated2

9

40

42

47

138

 Total lending commitments

15,669

28,967

43,915

4,037

92,588

 Total exposure

$

25,085

$

  50,340

$

  54,033

$

  10,113

$

  139,571

NIG–Non-investment grade 

1.

 Obligor credit ratings are internally determined by CRM. 

2.

 Unrated loans and lending commitments are primarily trading positions that are measured at fair value and risk
managed as a component of market risk. For a further discussion of our market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Risk Management—Market Risk” herein. 

Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments by Industry 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017
1

 Industry

 Financials

$

32,655

$

22,112

 Real estate

24,133

28,426

 Industrials

13,701

11,090

 Communications services

11,244

9,126

 Healthcare

10,158

9,956

 Information technology

9,896

10,361

 Utilities

9,856

9,592

 Energy

9,847

10,233

 Consumer discretionary

8,314

8,102

 Consumer staples

7,921

8,315

 Materials

5,969

5,069

 Insurance

3,744

4,739

 Other

1,911

2,450

 Total

$

149,349

$

139,571

1.

 Prior period amounts have been revised to conform to reclassifications in the Global Industry Classification Standard
structure. 

Event-Driven Loans and Lending Commitments 

At December 31, 2018

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Loans

$

2,582

$

287

$

656

$

1,618

$

5,143

 Lending commitments

1,506

2,456

2,877

3,658

10,497

 Total loans and lending commitments

$

4,088

$

    2,743

$

    3,533

$

    5,276

$

    15,640

At December 31, 2017

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Loans

$

1,458

$

1,058

$

639

$

2,012

$

5,167

 Lending commitments

1,272

3,206

2,091

1,874

8,443

 Total loans and lending commitments

$

2,730

$

    4,264

$

    2,730

$

    3,886

$

  13,610

Event-driven loans and lending commitments, which comprise a portion of corporate loans and lending
commitments within the Institutional Securities business segment, are associated with a particular event or transaction, such as to support client merger, acquisition, recapitalization or project finance activities. Event-driven loans and lending
commitments typically consist of revolving lines of credit, term loans and bridge loans. The increase in event-driven lending commitments in 2018 is primarily due to an increase in
held-for-sale
 commitments driven by client M&A transactions. 

Wealth Management 

The principal Wealth Management business segment lending activities include securities-based lending and residential real estate loans. 

Securities-based lending provided to our retail clients is primarily conducted through our Liquidity Access Line (“LAL”)
platform. The LAL platform allows the client to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, generally for any purpose other than purchasing securities. We establish approved credit lines against qualifying securities and
monitor limits daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, require customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce debt positions, when necessary. These credit lines are primarily uncommitted loan facilities, as we reserve the right
to not make any advances or may terminate these credit lines at any time. Factors considered in the review of these loans include, but are not limited to, the loan amount, the client’s credit profile, the degree of leverage, collateral
diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral. 
Residential real estate loans consist of first and second lien
mortgages, including HELOCs. Our underwriting policy is designed to ensure that all borrowers pass an assessment of capacity and willingness to pay, which includes an analysis utilizing industry standard credit scoring models (e.g., FICO
scores), debt ratios and assets of the borrower. 
Loan-to-value
 ratios are determined based on independent third-party property appraisals and valuations, and security
lien positions are established through title and ownership reports. The vast majority of mortgage and HELOC loans are held for investment in the Wealth Management business segment’s loan portfolio.

75

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 Wealth Management Loans and Lending Commitments 

At December 31, 2018

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Securities-based lending and other loans

$

38,144

$

3,573

$

2,004

$

1,006

$

44,727

 Residential real estate loans

—

30

1

27,436

27,467

 Total loans

$

38,144

$

3,603

$

2,005

$

28,442

$

72,194

 Lending commitments

9,197

1,151

42

273

10,663

 Total loans and lending commitments

$

47,341

$

    4,754

$

    2,047

$

  28,715

$

82,857

 Securities-based lending—LAL platform
loans

$

  33,247

At December 31, 2017

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Securities-based lending and other loans

$

34,389

$

3,687

$

1,899

$

1,231

$

41,206

 Residential real estate loans

—

24

15

26,607

26,646

 Total loans

$

34,389

$

3,711

$

1,914

$

27,838

$

67,852

 Lending commitments

7,253

1,827

120

281

9,481

 Total loans and lending commitments

$

41,642

$

    5,538

$

    2,034

$

  28,119

$

77,333

 Securities-based lending—LAL platform
loans

$

  32,230

In 2018, Loans and Lending commitments associated with the Wealth Management business segment increased by
approximately 7%, primarily due to growth in securities-based lending and other loans. 
Customer and Other Receivables 

Margin Loans 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

IS

WM

Total

 Customer receivables representing margin loans

$

 14,842

$

 11,383

$

 26,225

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

IS

WM

Total

 Customer receivables representing margin loans

$

 19,977

$

 12,135

$

 32,112

The Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments provide margin lending arrangements which
allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities. Margin lending activities generally have minimal credit risk due to the value of collateral held and their short-term nature. Amounts may fluctuate from period to period as
overall client balances change as a result of market levels, client positioning and leverage.

 Employee Loans 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Balance

$

3,415

$

4,185

 Allowance for loan losses

(63

) 

(77

) 

 Balance, net

$

3,352

$

4,108

 Repayment term range, in years

1 to 20

1 to 20

In 2018, the balance of employee loans decreased as a result of the repayment of existing loans and a decline
in new note issuances. Employee loans are generally granted to retain and recruit certain Wealth Management representatives, are full recourse and generally require periodic repayments. We establish an allowance for loan amounts to terminated
employees that we do not consider recoverable, which is recorded in Compensation and benefits expense. 
Derivatives 

Counterparty Credit Rating and Remaining Contractual Maturity of OTC Derivative Assets at Fair Value 

Credit Rating
1

$ in millions

AAA

AA

A

BBB

NIG

Total

 At December 31, 2018

 <1 year

$

878

$

7,430

$

38,718

$

15,009

$

7,183

$

69,218

 1-3 years

664

2,362

22,239

10,255

7,097

42,617

 3-5 years

621

2,096

11,673

6,014

2,751

23,155

 Over 5 years

3,535

9,725

67,166

36,087

11,112

127,625

 Total, gross

$

5,698

$

21,613

$

139,796

$

67,365

$

28,143

$

262,615

 Counterparty netting

 (2,325

) 

 (13,771

) 

 (113,045

) 

 (49,658

) 

 (16,681

) 

 (195,480

) 

 Cash and securities collateral

(3,214

) 

(5,766

) 

(21,931

) 

(12,702

) 

(8,269

) 

(51,882

) 

 Total, net

$

159

$

2,076

$

4,820

$

5,005

$

3,193

$

15,253

Credit Rating
1, 2

$ in millions

AAA

AA

A

BBB

NIG

Total

 At December 31, 2017

 <1 year

$

356

$

5,302

$

36,001

$

11,577

$

5,904

$

59,140

 1-3 years

558

4,118

23,137

8,887

4,827

41,527

 3-5 years

702

3,183

15,577

5,489

4,879

29,830

 Over 5 years

5,470

11,667

78,779

37,286

12,079

145,281

 Total, gross

$

7,086

$

24,270

$

153,494

$

63,239

$

27,689

$

275,778

 Counterparty netting

 (3,018

) 

 (15,261

) 

 (125,378

) 

 (45,421

) 

 (15,828

) 

 (204,906

) 

 Cash and securities collateral

(3,188

) 

(6,785

) 

(23,257

) 

(12,844

) 

(9,123

) 

(55,197

) 

 Total, net

$

880

$

2,224

$

4,859

$

4,974

$

2,738

$

15,675

1.

 Obligor credit ratings are determined internally by CRM. 

2.

 Prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current presentation.

December 2018 Form 10-K

76

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 OTC Derivative Products at Fair Value, Net of Collateral, by Industry 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017
1

 Industry

 Financials

$

4,480

$

3,330 

 Utilities

4,324

4,382 

 Industrials

1,335

1,124 

 Healthcare

787

882 

 Regional governments

779

1,005 

 Information technology

695

573 

Not-for-profit
 organizations

583

703 

 Sovereign governments

385

1,084 

 Communication services

373

294 

 Real estate

283

374 

 Materials

275

329 

 Insurance

235

206 

 Consumer staples

216

161 

 Energy

199

646 

 Consumer discretionary

188

357 

 Other

116

225 

 Total

$

15,253

$

15,675 

1.

 Prior period amounts have been revised to conform to reclassifications in the Global Industry Classification Standard
structure. 

We incur credit risk as a dealer in OTC derivatives. Credit risk with respect to derivative instruments
arises from the possibility that a counterparty may fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. For a description of our risk mitigation strategies, see “Credit Risk—Risk Mitigation” herein. 

Credit Derivatives 

A credit derivative is a contract between a seller and buyer of protection against the risk of a credit event occurring on one or more debt
obligations issued by a specified reference entity. The buyer typically pays a periodic premium over the life of the contract and is protected for the period. If a credit event occurs, the seller is required to make payment to the beneficiary based
on the terms of the credit derivative contract. Credit events, as defined in the contract, may be one or more of the following defined events: bankruptcy, dissolution or insolvency of the referenced entity, failure to pay, obligation acceleration,
repudiation, payment moratorium and restructurings. 
We trade in a variety of credit derivatives and may either purchase or write
protection on a single name or portfolio of referenced entities. In transactions referencing a portfolio of entities or securities, protection may be limited to a tranche of exposure or a single name within the portfolio. We are an active market
maker in the credit derivatives markets. As a market maker, we work to earn a bid-offer spread on client flow business and manage any residual credit or correlation risk on a portfolio basis. Further, we
use credit derivatives to

manage our exposure to residential and commercial mortgage loans and corporate lending exposures. The effectiveness of our CDS protection as a hedge of our exposures may vary depending upon a
number of factors, including the contractual terms of the CDS. 
We actively monitor our counterparty credit risk related to credit
derivatives. A majority of our counterparties are composed of banks, broker-dealers, insurance and other financial institutions. Contracts with these counterparties may include provisions related to counterparty rating downgrades, which may result
in the counterparty posting additional collateral to us. As with all derivative contracts, we consider counterparty credit risk in the valuation of our positions and recognize CVAs as appropriate within Trading revenues in the income statements.

For additional credit exposure information on our credit derivative portfolio, see Note 4 to the financial statements and “Single
Name and Index Credit Derivatives Included in Net Inventory” herein. 
Country Risk 

Country risk exposure is the risk that events in, or that affect, a foreign country (any country other than the U.S.) might adversely affect
us. We actively manage country risk exposure through a comprehensive risk management framework that combines credit and market fundamentals and allows us to effectively identify, monitor and limit country risk. Country risk exposure before and
after hedging is monitored and managed. 
Our obligor credit evaluation process may also identify indirect exposures, whereby an obligor
has vulnerability or exposure to another country or jurisdiction. Examples of indirect exposures include mutual funds that invest in a single country, offshore companies whose assets reside in another country to that of the offshore
jurisdiction and finance company subsidiaries of corporations. Indirect exposures identified through the credit evaluation process may result in a reclassification of country risk. 

We conduct periodic stress testing that seeks to measure the impact on our credit and market exposures of shocks stemming from negative
economic or political scenarios. When deemed appropriate by our risk managers, the stress test scenarios include possible contagion effects and second order risks. This analysis, and results of the stress tests, may result in the amendment of
limits or exposure mitigation. 
In addition to our country risk exposure, we disclose our cross-border risk exposure in “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data—Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited).” It is based on the FFIEC regulatory guidelines

77

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

for reporting cross-border information and represents the amounts that we may not be able to obtain from a foreign country due to country-specific events, including unfavorable economic and
political conditions, economic and social instability, and changes in government policies. 
There can be substantial differences between
our country risk exposure and cross-border risk exposure. For instance, unlike the cross-border risk exposure, our country risk exposure includes the effect of certain risk mitigants. In addition, the basis for determining the domicile of the
country risk exposure is different from the basis for determining the cross-border risk exposure. Cross-border risk exposure is reported based on the country of jurisdiction for the obligor or guarantor. For country risk exposure, we consider
factors in addition to that of country of jurisdiction, including physical location of operations or assets, location and source of cash flows or revenues and location of collateral (if applicable) in order to determine the basis for country risk
exposure. Furthermore, cross-border risk exposure incorporates CDS only where protection is purchased, while country risk exposure incorporates CDS where protection is purchased or sold. 

Our sovereign exposures consist of financial contracts and obligations entered into with sovereign and local governments. Our non-sovereign exposures consist of financial contracts and obligations entered into primarily with corporations and financial institutions. Index credit derivatives are included in the following country risk
exposure table. Index exposures are allocated to the underlying reference entities in proportion to the notional weighting of the country of each reference entity in the index, adjusted for any fair value receivable or payable for that reference
entity. Where credit risk crosses multiple jurisdictions, for example, a CDS purchased from a counterparty in a specific country that references bonds issued by an entity in a different country, the fair value of the CDS is reflected in the Net
Counterparty Exposure row based on the country of the CDS counterparty. Further, the notional amount of the CDS adjusted for the fair value of the receivable or payable is reflected in the Net Inventory row based on the country of the underlying
reference entity. 

Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures at December 31, 2018 

 United Kingdom

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

(827

) 

$

1,121

$

294 

 Net counterparty exposure2

13

10,259

10,272 

 Loans

—

2,046

2,046 

 Lending commitments

—

4,524

4,524 

 Exposure before hedges

(814

) 

17,950

17,136 

 Hedges3

(353

) 

(1,381

) 

(1,734)

 Net exposure

$

(1,167

) 

$

16,569

$

        15,402 

 Japan

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

7,051

$

535

$

7,586 

 Net counterparty exposure2

37

3,059

3,096 

 Loans

—

319

319 

 Lending commitments

—

—

— 

 Exposure before hedges

7,088

3,913

11,001 

 Hedges3

(118

) 

(115

) 

(233)

 Net exposure

$

6,970

$

3,798

$

        10,768 

 Germany

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

1,843

$

239

$

2,082 

 Net counterparty exposure2

133

2,013

2,146 

 Loans

—

961

961 

 Lending commitments

—

3,174

3,174 

 Exposure before hedges

1,976

6,387

8,363 

 Hedges3

(268

) 

(1,072

) 

(1,340)

 Net exposure

$

1,708

$

5,315

$

        7,023 

 Spain

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

(533

) 

$

73

$

(460)

 Net counterparty exposure2

—

201

201 

 Loans

—

4,732

4,732 

 Lending commitments

—

1,747

1,747 

 Exposure before hedges

(533

) 

6,753

6,220 

 Hedges3

—

(199

) 

(199)

 Net exposure

$

(533

) 

$

6,554

$

        6,021 

 Brazil

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

4,734

$

51

$

4,785 

 Net counterparty exposure2

—

211

211 

 Loans

—

23

23 

 Lending commitments

—

279

279 

 Exposure before hedges

4,734

564

5,298 

 Hedges3

(11

) 

(18

) 

(29)

 Net exposure

$

4,723

$

546

$

        5,269 

 France

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

239

$

(68

) 

$

171 

 Net counterparty exposure2

1

2,113

2,114 

 Loans

—

314

314 

 Lending commitments

—

2,092

2,092 

 Exposure before hedges

240

4,451

4,691 

 Hedges3

(56

) 

(631

) 

(687)

 Net exposure

$

184

$

3,820

$

        4,004 

 China

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

156

$

1,010

$

1,166 

 Net counterparty exposure2

258

149

407 

 Loans

—

1,427

1,427 

 Lending commitments

—

619

619 

 Exposure before hedges

414

3,205

3,619 

 Hedges3

(40

) 

(10

) 

(50)

 Net exposure

$

374

$

3,195

$

        3,569 

December 2018 Form 10-K

78

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 India

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

1,712

$

617

$

2,329 

 Net counterparty exposure2

—

637

637 

 Loans

—

—

— 

 Lending commitments

—

—

— 

 Exposure before hedges

1,712

1,254

2,966 

 Hedges3

—

—

— 

 Net exposure

$

1,712

$

1,254

$

        2,966 

 Netherlands

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

(112

) 

$

592

$

480 

 Net counterparty exposure2

—

758

758 

 Loans

—

921

921 

 Lending commitments

—

1,081

1,081 

 Exposure before hedges

(112

) 

3,352

3,240 

 Hedges3

(32

) 

(269

) 

(301)

 Net exposure

$

(144

) 

$

3,083

$

        2,939 

 Canada

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

 Net
inventory1

$

(782

) 

$

405

$

(377)

 Net counterparty exposure2

59

1,796

1,855 

 Loans

—

70

70 

 Lending commitments

—

1,519

1,519 

 Exposure before hedges

(723

) 

3,790

3,067 

 Hedges3

—

(206

) 

(206)

 Net exposure

$

(723

) 

$

3,584

$

        2,861 

1.

 Net inventory represents exposure to both long and short single-name and index positions (i.e., bonds and
equities at fair value and CDS based on a notional amount assuming zero recovery adjusted for the fair value of any receivable or payable). 

2.

 Net counterparty exposure (i.e., repurchase transactions, securities lending and OTC derivatives) takes into
consideration legally enforceable master netting agreements and collateral. Net counterparty exposure is net of the benefit of collateral received. For more information, see “Additional Information—Top 10

Non-U.S. Country Exposures” herein. 

3.

 Amounts represent CDS hedges (purchased and sold) on net counterparty exposure and lending executed by trading desks
responsible for hedging counterparty and lending credit risk exposures. Amounts are based on the CDS notional amount assuming zero recovery adjusted for any fair value receivable or payable. For a further description of the contractual terms for
purchased credit protection and whether they may limit the effectiveness of our hedges, see “Derivatives” herein. 

Additional Information—Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures 

Single-Name and Index Credit Derivatives Included in Net Inventory 

$ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 Gross purchased protection

$

(70,035)

 Gross written protection

68,543 

 Net exposure

$

(1,492)

 Benefit of Collateral Received against Net Counterparty Exposure 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

 Counterparty credit exposure

Collateral
1

 Germany

Germany and France

$

8,937 

 United Kingdom

U.K., U.S. and Spain

8,661 

 Other

Japan, France and U.S.

14,022 

1.

 Collateral primarily consists of cash and government obligations. 

Country Risk Exposures Related to the U.K. 

At December 31, 2018, our country risk exposures in the U.K. included net exposures of $15,402 million as shown in the Top 10
Country Exposures table, and overnight deposits of $4,590 million. The $16,569 million of exposures to non-sovereigns were diversified across both names and sectors. Of these exposures,
$5,053 million were to U.K.-focused counterparties that generate more than 
one-third of their revenues in the U.K., $3,347 million were to geographically diversified counterparties, and
$7,092 million were to exchanges and clearinghouses. 

Operational Risk 

Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, from
human factors or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets). We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating
activities (
e.g., sales and trading) and support and control groups (
e.g., information technology and trade processing). 

We
have established an operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and control risk across the Firm. Effective operational risk management is essential to reducing the impact of operational risk incidents and mitigating legal, regulatory
and reputational risks. The framework is continually evolving to account for changes in the Firm and to respond to the changing regulatory and business environment. 

We have implemented operational risk data and assessment systems to monitor and analyze internal and external operational risk events, to
assess business environment and internal control factors, and to perform scenario analysis. The collected data elements are incorporated in the operational risk capital model. The model encompasses both quantitative and qualitative elements.
Internal loss data and scenario analysis results are direct inputs to the capital model, while external operational incidents, business environment and internal control factors are evaluated as part of the scenario analysis process.

79

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

 In addition, we employ a variety of risk processes and mitigants to manage our operational risk
exposures. These include a governance framework, a comprehensive risk management program and insurance. Operational risks and associated risk exposures are assessed relative to the risk tolerance reviewed and confirmed by the Board and are
prioritized accordingly. 
The breadth and range of operational risk are such that the types of mitigating activities are wide-ranging.
Examples of activities include: continuous enhancement of defenses against cyber attacks; use of legal agreements and contracts to transfer and/or limit operational risk exposures; due diligence; implementation of enhanced policies and
procedures; technology change management controls; exception management processing controls; and segregation of duties. 
Primary
responsibility for the management of operational risk is with the business segments, the control groups and the business managers therein. The business managers maintain processes and controls designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate and
report operational risk. Each of the business segments has a designated operational risk coordinator. The operational risk coordinator regularly reviews operational risk issues and reports to our senior management within each business. Each control
group also has a designated operational risk coordinator and a forum for discussing operational risk matters with our senior management. Oversight of operational risk is provided by the Operational Risk Oversight Committee, legal entity risk
committees, regional risk committees and senior management. In the event of a merger; joint venture; divestiture; reorganization; or creation of a new legal entity, a new product, or a business activity, operational risks are considered, and any
necessary changes in processes or controls are implemented. 
The Operational Risk Department provides independent oversight of operational
risk and assesses, measures and monitors operational risk against tolerance. The Operational Risk Department works with the divisions and control groups to help ensure a transparent, consistent and comprehensive framework for managing operational
risk within each area and across the Firm. 
The Operational Risk Department scope includes oversight of technology risk, cybersecurity
risk, information security risk, the fraud risk management and prevention program, and third-party risk management (supplier and affiliate risk oversight and assessment). 

Cybersecurity 

Our cybersecurity
and information security policies, procedures, and technologies are designed to protect our, client and employee data against unauthorized disclosure, modification or misuse and are also designed to address regulatory
require-

ments. These policies and procedures cover a broad range of areas, including: identification of internal and external threats, access control, data security, protective controls, detection of
malicious or unauthorized activity, incident response and recovery planning. 
Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery 

We maintain global programs for business continuity management and technology disaster recovery that facilitate activities designed to
mitigate risk to the Firm during a business continuity event. A business continuity event is an interruption with potential impact to normal business activity of the Firm’s people, operations, technology, suppliers and/or facilities. The
business continuity management program’s core functions are business continuity planning and crisis management. As part of business continuity planning, business units within the Firm maintain business continuity plans, identifying processes
and strategies to continue business-critical processes during a business continuity event. Crisis management is the process of identifying and managing the Firm’s operations during business continuity events. Disaster recovery plans supporting
business continuity are in place for critical facilities and resources across the Firm. 
Third Party Risk Management 

In connection with our ongoing operations, we utilize the services of third party suppliers, which we anticipate will continue and may
increase in the future. These services include, for example, outsourced processing and support functions and other professional services. Our risk-based approach to managing exposure to these services includes the performance of due
diligence, implementation of service level and other contractual agreements, consideration of operational risks and ongoing monitoring of third-party suppliers’ performance. We maintain and continue to enhance our third-party risk
management program which includes appropriate governance, policies, procedures and technology that supports alignment with our risk tolerance and is designed to meet regulatory requirements. The third-party risk management program includes the
adoption of appropriate risk management controls and practices through the supplier management life cycle, including, but not limited to, assessment of information security, service failure, financial stability, disaster recoverability, reputational
risk, contractual risk and safeguards against corruption. 
Model Risk 

Model risk refers to the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. Model risk can lead to
financial loss, poor business and strategic decision making or damage to a Firm’s reputation. The risk inherent in a model is a function of the materiality, complexity and uncertainty around inputs and assumptions.

December 2018 Form 10-K

80

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

Model risk is generated from the use of models impacting financial statements, regulatory filings, capital adequacy assessments and the formulation of strategy. 

Sound model risk management is an integral part of our Risk Management Framework. The Model Risk Management Department (“MRM”) is a
distinct department in Risk Management responsible for the oversight of model risk. 
MRM establishes a model risk tolerance in line with
our risk appetite. The tolerance is based on an assessment of the materiality of the risk of financial loss or reputational damage due to errors in design, implementation and/or inappropriate use of models. The tolerance is monitored through
model-specific and aggregate business-level assessments, which are based upon qualitative and quantitative factors. 
A guiding principle
for managing model risk is the “effective challenge” of models. The effective challenge of models is represented by the critical analysis by objective, informed parties who can identify model limitations and assumptions and drive
appropriate changes. MRM provides effective challenge of models, independently validates and approves models for use, annually recertifies models, identifies and tracks remediation plans for model limitations and reports on model risk metrics. The
department also oversees the development of controls to support a complete and accurate Firm-wide model inventory. The head of MRM reports on our model risk relative to risk tolerance and presents these reports to the Model Oversight Committee, the
FRC and the Chief Risk Officer. The Chief Risk Officer and head of MRM also provide quarterly updates to the BRC on model risk metrics. 

Liquidity Risk 

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or
difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as
a going concern. Liquidity risk also encompasses the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact our ability to raise new funding. Generally, we incur
liquidity and funding risk as a result of our trading, lending, investing and client facilitation activities. 
Our Liquidity Risk
Management Framework is critical to helping ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity reserves and durable funding sources to meet our daily obligations and to withstand unanticipated stress events. The Liquidity Risk Department is a distinct
area in Risk Management responsible for the oversight and monitoring of liquidity risk. The

Liquidity Risk Department ensures transparency of material liquidity and funding risks, compliance with established risk limits and escalation of risk concentrations to appropriate senior
management. 
To execute these responsibilities, the Liquidity Risk Department establishes limits in line with our risk appetite,
identifies and analyzes emerging liquidity and funding risks to ensure such risks are appropriately mitigated, monitors and reports risk exposures against metrics and limits, and reviews the methodologies and assumptions underpinning our Liquidity
Stress Tests to ensure sufficient liquidity and funding under a range of adverse scenarios. The liquidity and funding risks identified by these processes are summarized in reports produced by the Liquidity Risk Department that are circulated to and
discussed with senior management, the FRC, the BRC and the Board, as appropriate. 
The Treasury Department and applicable business units
have primary responsibility for evaluating, monitoring and controlling the liquidity and funding risks arising from our business activities and for maintaining processes and controls to manage the key risks inherent in their respective areas. The
Liquidity Risk Department coordinates with the Treasury Department and these business units to help ensure a consistent and comprehensive framework for managing liquidity and funding risk across the Firm. See also “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 
Legal and Compliance Risk

Legal and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, including fines, penalties,
judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation that we may suffer as a result of failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business
activities. This risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. It also includes compliance with AML, terrorist financing, and anti-corruption rules and
regulations. We are generally subject to extensive regulation in the different jurisdictions in which we conduct our business (see also “Business—Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors”). 

We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with
applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. In addition, we have established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty’s
performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal

81

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Risk Disclosures

authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law and whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual
remedies. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us.

December 2018 Form 10-K

82

Table of Contents

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley: 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31,
2018 and 2017, the related consolidated income statements, comprehensive income statements, cash flow statements and statements of changes in total equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Firm as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated February 26, 2019, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Firm’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Firm’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York 
February 26, 2019 

We have served as the Firm’s auditor since 1997. 

83

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Income Statements

in millions, except per share data

    2018    

    2017    

    2016    

 Revenues

 Investment banking

$

            6,482

$

            6,003

$

            4,933

 Trading

11,551

11,116

10,209

 Investments

437

820

160

 Commissions and fees

4,190

4,061

4,109

 Asset management

12,898

11,797

10,697

 Other

743

848

825

 Total non-interest
revenues

36,301

34,645

30,933

 Interest income

13,892

8,997

7,016

 Interest expense

10,086

5,697

3,318

 Net interest

3,806

3,300

3,698

 Net revenues

40,107

37,945

34,631

 Non-interest expenses

 Compensation and benefits

17,632

17,166

15,878

 Occupancy and equipment

1,391

1,329

1,308

 Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees

2,393

2,093

1,920

 Information processing and communications

2,016

1,791

1,787

 Marketing and business development

691

609

587

 Professional services

2,265

2,169

2,128

 Other

2,482

2,385

2,175

 Total non-interest
expenses

28,870

27,542

25,783

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

11,237

10,403

8,848

 Provision for income taxes

2,350

4,168

2,726

 Income from continuing operations

8,887

6,235

6,122

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income
taxes

(4

) 

(19

) 

1

 Net income

$

8,883

$

6,216

$

6,123

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

135

105

144

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

8,748

$

6,111

$

5,979

 Preferred stock dividends and other

526

523

471

 Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common
shareholders

$

8,222

$

5,588

$

5,508

 Earnings per basic common share

 Income from continuing operations

$

4.81

$

3.15

$

2.98

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

—

(0.01

) 

—

 Earnings per basic common share

$

4.81

$

3.14

$

2.98

 Earnings per diluted common share

 Income from continuing operations

$

4.73

$

3.08

$

2.92

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

—

(0.01

) 

—

 Earnings per diluted common share

$

4.73

$

3.07

$

2.92

 Average common shares outstanding

 Basic

1,708

1,780

1,849

 Diluted

1,738

1,821

1,887

December 2018 Form 10-K

84

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statements

$ in millions

    2018    

    2017    

    2016    

 Net income

$

        8,883

$

6,216

$

6,123

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

 Foreign currency translation adjustments

$

(90

) 

$

251

$

(11

) 

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale
 securities

(272

) 

41

(269

) 

 Pension, postretirement and other

137

(117

) 

(100

) 

 Change in net debt valuation adjustment

1,517

(588

) 

(296

) 

 Total other comprehensive income (loss)

$

1,292

$

(413

) 

$

(676

) 

 Comprehensive income

$

10,175

$

        5,803

$

        5,447

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

135

105

144

 Other comprehensive income (loss) applicable to noncontrolling
interests

87

4

(1

) 

 Comprehensive income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

9,953

$

5,694

$

5,304

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

85

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

$ in millions, except share data

 At

December 31,2018

 At

December 31,2017

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

30,541

$

24,816

 Interest bearing deposits with banks

21,299

21,348

 Restricted cash

35,356

34,231

 Trading assets at fair value ($120,437 and $169,735 were
pledged to various parties)

266,299

298,282

 Investment securities (includes $61,061 and $55,203 at fair
value)

91,832

78,802

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

98,522

84,258

 Securities borrowed

116,313

124,010

 Customer and other receivables

53,298

56,187

 Loans:

 Held for investment (net of allowance of $238 and
$224)

99,815

92,953

 Held for sale

15,764

11,173

 Goodwill

6,688

6,597

 Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization of $2,877
and $2,730)

2,163

2,448

 Other assets

15,641

16,628

 Total assets

$

853,531

$

851,733

 Liabilities

 Deposits (includes $442 and $204 at fair value)

$

187,820

$

159,436

 Trading liabilities at fair value

126,747

131,295

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (includes $812
and $800 at fair value)

49,759

56,424

 Securities loaned

11,908

13,592

 Other secured financings (includes $5,245 and $3,863 at fair
value)

9,466

11,271

 Customer and other payables

179,559

191,510

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses

17,204

17,157

 Borrowings (includes $51,184 and $46,912 at fair
value)

189,662

192,582

 Total liabilities

772,125

773,267

 Commitments and contingent liabilities (see Note 12)

 Equity

 Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity:

 Preferred stock

8,520

8,520

 Common stock, $0.01 par value:

 Shares authorized: 3,500,000,000; Shares issued:

2,038,893,979; Shares outstanding: 
1,699,828,943 and 1,788,086,805

20

20

 Additional paid-in
capital

23,794

23,545

 Retained earnings

64,175

57,577

 Employee stock trusts

2,836

2,907

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(2,292

) 

(3,060

) 

 Common stock held in treasury at cost, $0.01 par value
(339,065,036 and 250,807,174 shares)

(13,971

) 

(9,211

) 

 Common stock issued to employee stock trusts

(2,836

) 

(2,907

) 

 Total Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity

80,246

77,391

 Noncontrolling interests

1,160

1,075

 Total equity

81,406

78,466

 Total liabilities and equity

$

853,531

$

851,733

December 2018 Form 10-K

86

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Total Equity

$ in millions

PreferredStock

CommonStock

Additional
Paid-in
Capital

RetainedEarnings

EmployeeStock
Trusts

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

CommonStock
Held in
Treasury
at Cost

CommonStock
Issued to
Employee
Stock
Trusts

Non-controlling
Interests

TotalEquity

 Balance at December 31, 2015

7,520

20

24,153

49,204

2,409

(1,656

) 

(4,059

) 

(2,409

) 

1,002

76,184

 Cumulative adjustment for accounting change related to DVA1

—

—

—

312

—

(312

) 

—

—

—

—

 Net adjustment for accounting change related to consolidation2

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

106

106

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

—

—

—

5,979

—

—

—

—

—

5,979

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

144

144

 Preferred stock dividends3

—

—

—

(468

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(468

) 

 Common stock dividends ($0.70 per share)

—

—

—

(1,348

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(1,348

) 

 Shares issued under employee plans and related tax effects

—

—

(892

) 

—

442

—

2,195

(442

) 

—

1,303

 Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

—

—

—

—

—

—

(3,933

) 

—

—

(3,933

) 

 Net change in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

—

—

—

—

—

(675

) 

—

—

(1

) 

(676

) 

 Other net increases (decreases)

—

—

10

—

—

—

—

—

(124

) 

(114

) 

 Balance at December 31, 2016

7,520

20

23,271

53,679

2,851

(2,643

) 

(5,797

) 

(2,851

) 

1,127

77,177

 Cumulative adjustments for accounting changes4

—

—

45

(35

) 

—

—

—

—

—

10

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

—

—

—

6,111

—

—

—

—

—

6,111

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

105

105

 Preferred stock dividends3

—

—

—

(523

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(523

) 

 Common stock dividends ($0.90 per share)

—

—

—

(1,655

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(1,655

) 

 Shares issued under employee plans

—

—

306

—

56

—

878

(56

) 

—

1,184

 Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

—

—

—

—

—

—

(4,292

) 

—

—

(4,292

) 

 Net change in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

—

—

—

—

—

(417

) 

—

—

4

(413

) 

 Issuance of preferred stock

1,000

—

(6

) 

—

—

—

—

—

—

994

 Other net decreases

—

—

(71

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(161

) 

(232

) 

 Balance at December 31, 2017

$

8,520

$

20

$

23,545

$

57,577

$

2,907

$

(3,060

) 

$

(9,211

) 

$

(2,907

) 

$

1,075

$

78,466

 Cumulative adjustments for accounting changes4

—

—

—

306

—

(437

) 

—

—

—

(131

) 

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

—

—

—

8,748

—

—

—

—

—

8,748

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

135

135

 Preferred stock dividends3

—

—

—

(526

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(526

) 

 Common stock dividends ($1.10 per share)

—

—

—

(1,930

) 

—

—

—

—

—

(1,930

) 

 Shares issued under employee plans

—

—

249

—

(71

) 

—

806

71

—

1,055

 Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

—

—

—

—

—

—

(5,566

) 

—

—

(5,566

) 

 Net change in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

—

—

—

—

—

        1,205

—

—

87

1,292

 Other net decreases

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

(137

) 

(137

) 

 Balance at December 31, 2018

$

8,520

$

20

$

23,794

$

64,175

$

2,836

$

(2,292

) 

$

  (13,971

) 

$

(2,836

) 

$

1,160

$

  81,406

1.

 In accordance with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, a cumulative 
catch-up adjustment was recorded as of January 1, 2016 to move the cumulative unrealized DVA amount, net of noncontrolling interests and tax,
related to outstanding liabilities under the fair value option election from Retained earnings into AOCI. See Note 15 for further information. 

2.

 In accordance with the accounting update Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, a net adjustment was
recorded as of January 1, 2016 to both consolidate and deconsolidate certain entities under the new guidance. 

3.

 See Note 15 for information regarding dividends per share for each class of preferred stock. 

4.

 Cumulative adjustments for accounting changes relate to the adoption of certain accounting updates during 2018 and
2017. See Notes 2 and 15 for further information. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

87

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Cash Flow Statements

$ in millions

    2018    

    2017    

    2016    

 Cash flows from operating activities

 Net income

$

            8,883

$

            6,216

$

            6,123

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities:

 Deferred income taxes

449

2,747

1,579

 Stock-based compensation expense

920

1,026

1,136

 Depreciation and amortization

1,844

1,753

1,736

 (Release of) Provision for credit losses on lending
activities

(15

) 

29

144

 Other operating adjustments

199

153

(102

) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities:

 Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities

23,732

(27,588

) 

(24,079

) 

 Securities borrowed

7,697

1,226

17,180

 Securities loaned

(1,684

) 

(2,252

) 

(3,514

) 

 Customer and other receivables and other assets

(728

) 

(9,315

) 

(371

) 

 Customer and other payables and other liabilities

(13,063

) 

2,007

1,913

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

(14,264

) 

17,697

(14,298

) 

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

(6,665

) 

1,796

17,936

 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities

7,305

(4,505

) 

5,383

 Cash flows from investing activities

 Proceeds from (payments for):

 Other assets—Premises, equipment and software, net

(1,865

) 

(1,629

) 

(1,276

) 

 Changes in loans, net

(8,794

) 

(12,125

) 

(9,604

) 

 Investment securities:

 Purchases

(27,800

) 

(23,962

) 

(50,911

) 

 Proceeds from sales

3,208

18,131

33,716

 Proceeds from paydowns and maturities

12,668

7,445

8,367

 Other investing activities

(298

) 

(251

) 

200

 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities

(22,881

) 

(12,391

) 

(19,508

) 

 Cash flows from financing activities

 Net proceeds from (payments for):

 Noncontrolling interests

(130

) 

(83

) 

(96

) 

 Other secured financings

(1,226

) 

(1,573

) 

1,333

 Deposits

28,384

3,573

(171

) 

 Proceeds from:

 Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs

—

994

—

 Issuance of Borrowings

40,059

55,416

43,626

 Payments for:

 Borrowings

(34,781

) 

(35,825

) 

(31,596

) 

 Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

(5,566

) 

(4,292

) 

(3,933

) 

 Cash dividends

(2,375

) 

(2,085

) 

(1,746

) 

 Other financing activities

(160

) 

136

(54

) 

 Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities

24,205

16,261

7,363

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

(1,828

) 

3,670

(1,430

) 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

6,801

3,035

(8,192

) 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period

80,395

77,360

85,552

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

87,196

$

80,395

$

77,360

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

30,541

$

24,816

$

22,017

 Interest bearing deposits with banks

21,299

21,348

21,364

 Restricted cash

35,356

34,231

33,979

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

87,196

$

80,395

$

77,360

 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

 Cash payments for:

 Interest

$

9,977

$

5,377

$

2,834

 Income taxes, net of refunds

1,377

1,390

831

December 2018 Form 10-K

88

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation 

 The Firm 

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business
segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers,
including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley” or the “Firm” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its
consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Acronyms” for the definition of certain acronyms used throughout the 2018 Form 
10-K. 

A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of the Firm’s business segments is as follows: 

Institutional Securities provides investment banking, sales and trading, lending and other services to corporations,
governments, financial institutions, and high to ultra-high net worth clients. Investment banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other
securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. Sales and trading services include sales, financing, prime brokerage and market-making activities in equity and fixed income products,
including foreign exchange and commodities. Lending activities include originating corporate loans, commercial mortgage lending, asset-backed lending and financing extended to sales and trading customers. Other activities include investments and
research. 

Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual
investors and small to 
medium-sized businesses and institutions covering brokerage and investment advisory services; financial and wealth planning services; annuity and insurance products; securities-based
lending, residential real estate loans and other lending products; banking and retirement plan services. 

Investment
Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products
include equity, fixed income, liquidity and alternative/other products. Institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth

funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are served through intermediaries, including affiliated and
non-affiliated distributors. 

Basis of Financial Information 

The consolidated financial statements (“financial statements”) are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require the Firm to
make estimates and assumptions regarding the valuations of certain financial instruments, the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, compensation, deferred tax assets, the outcome of legal and tax matters, allowance for credit losses and other
matters that affect its financial statements and related disclosures. The Firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these
estimates. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to conform to the current presentation. 

Consolidation 

The financial statements include the accounts of the Firm, its wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities in which the Firm has a
controlling financial interest, including certain VIEs (see Note 13). For consolidated subsidiaries that are less than wholly owned, the third-party holdings of equity interests are referred to as noncontrolling interests. The net income
attributable to noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated income statements (“income statements”). The portion of shareholders’ equity that is
attributable to noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as noncontrolling interests, a component of total equity, in the consolidated balance sheets (“balance sheets”). 

For entities where the total equity investment at risk is sufficient to enable the entity to finance its activities without additional
subordinated financial support and the equity holders bear the economic residual risks and returns of the entity and have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly affect its economic performance, the Firm consolidates
those entities it controls either through a majority voting interest or otherwise. For VIEs (i.e., entities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria), the Firm consolidates those entities where it has the power to make the decisions that
most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

89

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 For investments in entities in which the Firm does not have a controlling financial interest but
has significant influence over operating and financial decisions, it applies the equity method of accounting with net gains and losses recorded within Other revenues (see Note 8) unless the Firm has elected to measure the investment at fair value,
in which case net gains and losses are recorded within Investments revenues (see Note 3). 
Equity and partnership interests held by
entities qualifying for accounting purposes as investment companies are carried at fair value. 
The Firm’s significant regulated U.S.
and international subsidiaries include Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“MS&Co.”), Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“MSSB LLC”), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”), Morgan Stanley MUFG
Securities Co., Ltd. (“MSMS”), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (“MSBNA”) and Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association (“MSPBNA”). 

Consolidated Cash Flow Statements Presentation 

For purposes of the consolidated cash flow statements (“cash flow statements”), cash and cash equivalents consist of Cash and due
from banks, Interest bearing deposits with banks and Restricted cash. Cash and cash equivalents includes highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are held for investment purposes and are readily convertible to
known amounts of cash. 
Restricted cash includes cash in banks subject to withdrawal restrictions, restricted deposits held as
compensating balances and cash segregated in compliance with federal or other regulations. 
2. Significant
Accounting Policies 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenues are recognized when the promised goods or services are delivered to our customers, in an amount that is based on the consideration
the Firm expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services when such amounts are not probable of significant reversal. These policies reflect the adoption of Revenue from Contracts with Customers on January 1, 2018. Please see
“Accounting Updates Adopted” herein for the more significant differences in policies applied in prior periods. 

Investment
Banking 

Revenues from investment banking activities consist of revenues earned from underwriting primarily equity and fixed
income securities and advisory fees for mergers, acquisitions, restructurings and advisory assignments.

 Underwriting revenues are generally recognized on trade date if there is no uncertainty or
contingency related to the amount to be paid. Underwriting costs are deferred and recognized in the relevant non-interest expenses line items when the related underwriting revenues are recorded. 

Advisory fees are recognized as advice is provided to the client, based on the estimated progress of work and when revenues are not probable
of a significant reversal. Advisory costs are recognized as incurred in the relevant non-interest expenses line items, including when reimbursed. 

Commissions and Fees 

Commission and fee revenues result from transaction-based arrangements in which the client is charged a fee for the execution of transactions.
Such revenues primarily arise from transactions in equity securities; services related to sales and trading activities; and sales of mutual funds, alternative funds, futures, insurance products and options. Commission and fee revenues are recognized
on trade date when the performance obligation is satisfied. 
Asset Management Revenues 

Asset management, distribution and administration fees are generally based on related asset levels being managed, such as the AUM of a
customer’s account or the net asset value of a fund. These fees are generally recognized when services are performed and the fees become known. Management fees are reduced by estimated fee waivers and expense caps, if any, provided to the
customer. 
Performance-based fees not in the form of carried interest are recorded when the annual performance target is met and the
revenues are not probable of a significant reversal. 
Sales commissions paid by the Firm in connection with the sale of certain classes of
shares of its open-end mutual fund products are accounted for as deferred commission assets and amortized to expense over the expected life of the contract. The Firm periodically tests deferred commission
assets for recoverability based on cash flows expected to be received in future periods. Other asset management and distribution costs are recognized as incurred in the relevant 
non-interest expenses line
items. 

Carried Interest 

The Firm is entitled to receive performance-based fees in the form of carried interest when the return on assets under management exceeds
certain benchmark returns or other performance targets. When the Firm earns carried interest from funds as specified performance thresholds are met, that carried interest and any related general or limited partner interest is accounted for under the
equity method of 

December 2018 Form 10-K

90

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

accounting and measured based on the Firm’s claim on the NAV of the fund at the reporting date, taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held. 

See Note 21 for information regarding the net cumulative unrealized amount of performance-based fee revenues at risk of reversal. See Note 12
for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received. 

Other Items 

Revenues from certain commodities-related contracts are recognized as the promised goods or services are delivered to the customer. 

Receivables from contracts with customers are recognized in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets when the underlying
performance obligations have been satisfied and the Firm has the right per the contract to bill the customer. Contract assets are recognized in Other assets when the Firm has satisfied its performance obligations but customer payment is conditional.
Contract liabilities are recognized in Other liabilities when the Firm has collected payment from a customer based on the terms of the contract but the underlying performance obligations are not yet satisfied. 

For contracts with a term less than one year, incremental costs to obtain the contract are expensed as incurred. Revenues are not discounted
when payment is expected within one year. 
The Firm presents, net within revenues, all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are
both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by the Firm from a customer. 
Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

Instruments within Trading assets and Trading liabilities are measured at fair value, either as required by accounting
guidance or through the fair value option election (discussed below). These financial instruments primarily represent the Firm’s trading and investment positions and include both cash and derivative products. In addition, debt and equity
securities classified as AFS securities are measured at fair value. 
Gains and losses on instruments carried at fair value are reflected
in Trading revenues, Investments revenues or Investment banking revenues in the income statements, except for AFS securities (see “Investment Securities—AFS and HTM securities” section herein and Note 5) and derivatives accounted for
as hedges (see “Hedge Accounting” section herein and Note 4).

 Interest income and interest expense are recorded within the income statements depending on the
nature of the instrument and related market conventions. When interest is included as a component of the instruments’ fair value, interest is included within Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Otherwise, it is
included within Interest income or Interest expense. Dividend income is recorded in Trading revenues or Investments revenues depending on the business activity. 

The fair value of OTC financial instruments, including derivative contracts related to financial instruments and commodities, is presented in
the accompanying balance sheets on a net-by-counterparty
 basis, when appropriate. Additionally, the Firm nets the fair value of cash collateral paid or received against
the fair value amounts recognized for net derivative positions executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. 

Fair Value Option 

The Firm has elected to measure certain eligible instruments at fair value, including certain Securities purchased under agreements to resell,
loans and lending commitments, equity method investments, Deposits (i.e., structured certificates of deposit), Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Other secured financings and Borrowings (primarily structured notes). 

Fair Value Measurement—Definition and Hierarchy 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the “exit
price”) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, assumptions are set to reflect those that the Firm believes market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Where the Firm manages a group of financial assets, financial liabilities, and nonfinancial items accounted for as derivatives on the basis of its net exposure to either market risks or
credit risk, the Firm measures the fair value of that group of financial instruments consistently with how market participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date. 

In determining fair value, the Firm uses various valuation approaches and establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that
requires the most observable inputs be used when available. 
Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability that were developed based 

91

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

on market data obtained from sources independent of the Firm. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect assumptions the Firm believes other market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability that are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows, with Level 1 being the highest and
Level 3 being the lowest level: 
Level 1.    Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets that the
Firm has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an
active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level

 2.    Valuations based on one or more quoted prices in markets that are not active or for
which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3.    Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The availability of observable inputs can vary from
product to product and is affected by a wide variety of factors, for example, the type of product, whether the product is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the product.
To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Firm in determining fair
value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
The Firm considers prices and inputs that are
current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments. This condition could cause an instrument to be
reclassified from Level 1 to Level 2 or from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
In certain cases, the
inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the total fair value amount is disclosed in the level appropriate for the lowest level input that is significant to the total
fair value of the asset or liability. 
Valuation Techniques 

Many cash instruments and OTC derivative contracts have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. Bid prices reflect the
highest price that a party is willing to pay for an asset. Ask prices represent the lowest price that a

party is willing to accept for an asset. The Firm carries positions at the point within the bid-ask range that meets its best estimate of fair value. For
offsetting positions in the same financial instrument, the same price within the 
bid-ask spread is used to measure both the long and short positions. 

Fair value for many cash instruments and OTC derivative contracts is derived using pricing models. Pricing models take into account the
contract terms, as well as multiple inputs, including, where applicable, commodity prices, equity prices, interest rate yield curves, credit curves, correlation, creditworthiness of the counterparty, creditworthiness of the Firm, option volatility
and currency rates. 
Where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various factors such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty and concentration risk. Adjustments for liquidity risk adjust model-derived 
mid-market levels of Level 2 and
Level 3 financial instruments for the 
bid-mid or 
mid-ask spread required to properly reflect the exit price of a risk position.

Bid-mid and 
mid-ask spreads are marked to levels observed in trade activity, broker quotes or other external third-party data. Where these spreads are unobservable for
the particular position in question, spreads are derived from observable levels of similar positions. 

The Firm applies credit-related
valuation adjustments to its Borrowings (primarily structured notes) for which the fair value option was elected and to OTC derivatives. The Firm considers the impact of changes in its own credit spreads based upon observations of the secondary bond
market spreads when measuring the fair value for Borrowings. 
For OTC derivatives, the impact of changes in both the Firm’s and the
counterparty’s credit rating is considered when measuring fair value. In determining the expected exposure, the Firm simulates the distribution of the future exposure to a counterparty, then applies market-based default probabilities to the
future exposure, leveraging external third-party CDS spread data. Where CDS spread data are unavailable for a specific counterparty, bond market spreads, CDS spread data based on the counterparty’s credit rating or CDS spread data that
reference a comparable counterparty may be utilized. The Firm also considers collateral held and legally enforceable master netting agreements that mitigate its exposure to each counterparty. 

Adjustments for model uncertainty are taken for positions whose underlying models are reliant on significant inputs that are neither directly
nor indirectly observable, hence requiring reliance on established theoretical concepts in their derivation. These adjustments are derived by making assessments of the possible degree of variability using statistical approaches and market-based
information where possible. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

92

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The Firm may apply concentration adjustments to certain of its OTC derivative portfolios to
reflect the additional cost of closing out a particularly large risk exposure. Where possible, these adjustments are based on observable market information, but in many instances, significant judgment is required to estimate
the costs of closing out concentrated risk exposures due to the lack of liquidity in the marketplace. 
The Firm applies an FVA in the
fair value measurements of OTC uncollateralized or partially collateralized derivatives and in collateralized derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not permit the reuse of the collateral received. In general, FVA reflects a market funding
risk premium inherent in the noted derivative instruments. The methodology for measuring FVA leverages the Firm’s existing credit-related valuation adjustment calculation methodologies, which apply to both assets and liabilities. 

See Note 3 for a description of valuation techniques applied to the major categories of financial instruments measured at fair value. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 

Certain of the Firm’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
The Firm incurs losses or gains for any adjustments of these assets or liabilities to fair value. 

For assets and liabilities measured at
fair value on a non-recurring basis, fair value is determined by using various valuation approaches. The same hierarchy for inputs as described above, which requires that observable inputs be used when
available, is used in measuring fair value for these items. 

For further information on financial assets and liabilities that are measured
at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis, see Note 3. 

Offsetting of Derivative Instruments

In connection with its derivative activities, the Firm generally enters into master netting agreements and collateral agreements with
its counterparties. These agreements provide the Firm with the right, in the event of a default by the counterparty, to net a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the agreement and to liquidate and set off collateral against any net
amount owed by the counterparty. 
However, in certain circumstances, the Firm may not have such an agreement in place; the relevant
insolvency regime may not support the enforceability of the master netting agreement or collateral agreement; or the Firm may not have

sought legal advice to support the enforceability of the agreement. In cases where the Firm has not determined an agreement to be enforceable, the related amounts are not offset (see Note 4).

The Firm’s policy is generally to receive securities and cash posted as collateral (with rights of rehypothecation), irrespective of
the enforceability determination regarding the master netting and collateral agreement. In certain cases, the Firm may agree for such collateral to be posted to a third-party custodian under a control agreement that enables it to take control of
such collateral in the event of a counterparty default. The enforceability of the master netting agreement is taken into account in the Firm’s risk management practices and application of counterparty credit limits. 

For information related to offsetting of derivatives and certain collateralized transactions, see Notes 4 and 6, respectively. 

Hedge Accounting 

The Firm applies hedge
accounting using various derivative financial instruments for the following types of hedges: hedges of changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities due to the risk being hedged (fair value hedges); and hedges of net investments in foreign
operations whose functional currency is different from the reporting currency of the Parent Company (net investment hedges). These financial instruments are included within Trading assets—Derivative and other contracts or Trading
liabilities—Derivative and other contracts in the balance sheets. For hedges where hedge accounting is being applied, the Firm performs effectiveness testing and other procedures. 

Fair Value Hedges—Interest Rate Risk 

The Firm’s designated fair value hedges consist primarily of interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of changes in the
benchmark interest rate of certain fixed rate senior borrowings. In the third quarter of 2018, the Firm also began designating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of changes in the benchmark interest rate of certain AFS securities. The Firm is
permitted to hedge the full, or part of the, contractual term of the hedged instrument. The Firm uses regression analysis to perform an ongoing prospective and retrospective assessment of the effectiveness of these hedging relationships. A hedging
relationship is deemed effective if the change in fair value of the hedging instrument (derivative) and the change in fair value of the hedged item (debt liability or AFS security) due to changes in the benchmark interest rate offset within a range
of 80% to 125%. The Firm considers the impact of valuation adjustments related to its own credit spreads and counterparty credit spreads to determine whether they would cause the hedging relationship to be ineffective.

93

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 For qualifying fair value hedges of benchmark interest rates, the change in the fair value of
the derivative is recognized in earnings each period, offset by the change in the fair value attributable to the change in the benchmark interest rate risk of the hedged asset (liability), and is recorded in Interest income (expense). For AFS
securities, the change in fair value of the hedged item due to changes other than the risk being hedged will continue to be reported in OCI. When a derivative is de-designated as a hedge, any basis adjustment
remaining on the hedged asset (liability) is amortized to Interest income (expense) over the remaining life of the asset (liability) using the effective interest method. 

Net Investment Hedges 

The Firm uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage a portion of the currency exposure relating to its net investments in foreign
operations. To the extent that the notional amounts of the hedging instruments equal the portion of the investments being hedged and the underlying exchange rate of the derivative hedging instrument is the same as the exchange rate between the
functional currency of the investee and the intermediate parent entity’s functional currency, it is considered to be perfectly effective, with no income statement recognition. If these exchange rates are not the same, the Firm uses regression
analysis to assess the prospective and retrospective effectiveness of the hedge relationships. The gain or loss from revaluing hedges of net investments in foreign operations at the spot rate is reported within AOCI. The forward points on the
hedging instruments are excluded from hedge effectiveness testing and changes in the fair value of this excluded component are recorded currently in Interest income. 

For further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 4. 

Investment Securities—Available-for-Sale
 and 
Held-to-Maturity

AFS securities are reported at fair value
in the balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses reported in AOCI, net of tax. Interest and dividend income, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in Interest income in the income statements. Realized gains
and losses on sales of AFS securities are classified within Other revenues in the income statements (see Note 5). The Firm utilizes the “first-in, 
first-out”
method as the basis for determining the cost of AFS securities. 

HTM securities are reported at amortized cost in the balance sheets.
Interest income, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on HTM securities, is included in Interest income in the income statements.

 Other-than-Temporary Impairment 

AFS debt securities and HTM securities with a current fair value less than their amortized cost are analyzed as part of the Firm’s
periodic assessment of temporary versus OTTI at the individual security level. A temporary impairment is recognized in AOCI for AFS debt securities. OTTI is recognized in the income statements with the exception of the
non-credit portion related to a debt security that the Firm does not intend to sell and is not likely to be required to sell, which is recognized in AOCI. 

For AFS debt securities that the Firm either has the intent to sell or that the Firm is likely to be required to sell before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, the impairment is considered OTTI. 
For those AFS debt securities that the Firm does not have the intent to sell or
is not likely to be required to sell, and for all HTM securities, the Firm evaluates whether it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security. If the Firm does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost of those AFS
debt securities or HTM securities, the impairment is considered OTTI, and the Firm determines what portion of the impairment relates to a credit loss and what portion relates to non-credit factors. 

A credit loss exists if the present value of cash flows expected to be collected (discounted at the implicit interest rate at acquisition of
the security or discounted at the effective yield for securities that incorporate changes in prepayment assumptions) is less than the amortized cost basis of the security. Changes in prepayment assumptions alone are not considered to result in a
credit loss. 
When determining if a credit loss exists, the Firm considers relevant information, including: 

•

 the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis;

•

 adverse conditions specifically related to the security, its industry or geographic area;

•

 changes in the financial condition of the issuer of the security, the presence of explicit or implicit
guarantees of repayment by the U.S. Government for U.S. Government and Agency securities or, in the case of an asset-backed debt security, changes in the financial condition of the underlying loan obligors; 

•

 the historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security; 

•

 the payment structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments that
increase in the future; 

December 2018 Form 10-K

94

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

•

 failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments; 

•

 the current rating and any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; 

•

 recoveries or additional declines in fair value after the balance sheet date. 

When estimating the present value of expected cash flows, information includes the remaining payment terms of the security, prepayment speeds,
financial condition of the issuer(s), expected defaults and the value of any underlying collateral. 
For AFS equity securities, the Firm
considers various factors, including the intent and ability to hold the equity security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, in evaluating whether an OTTI exists. If the equity security is considered
other-than-temporarily impaired, the entire OTTI (i.e., the difference between the fair value recorded in the balance sheet and the cost basis) will be recognized in the income statements. 

Loans 

The Firm accounts for loans based
on the following categories: loans held for investment; loans held for sale; and loans at fair value. 
Loans Held for Investment

Loans held for investment are reported at outstanding principal adjusted for any charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any
unamortized deferred fees or costs for originated loans, and any unamortized premiums or discounts for purchased loans. 
Interest
Income.
    Interest income on performing loans held for investment is accrued and recognized as interest income at the contractual rate of interest. Purchase price discounts or premiums, as well as net deferred loan
fees or costs, are amortized into interest income over the life of the loan to produce a level rate of return. 

Allowance for Loan
Losses.
    The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of probable losses related to loans specifically identified for impairment in addition to the probable losses inherent in the 
held-for-investment
 loan portfolio. 

The Firm utilizes the U.S.
banking agencies’ definition of criticized exposures, which consist of the Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful and Loss categories as credit quality indicators. For further information on the credit quality indicators, see Note 7.
Substandard loans are regularly reviewed for impairment. Factors considered by management when

determining impairment include payment status, fair value of collateral, and probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. The impairment analysis required depends
on the nature and type of loans. Loans classified as Doubtful or Loss are considered impaired. 
There are two components of the allowance
for loan losses: the specific allowance component and the inherent allowance component. 
The specific allowance component of the allowance
for loan losses is used to estimate probable losses for exposures that have been specifically identified for impairment analysis by the Firm and determined to be impaired. When a loan is specifically identified for impairment, the impairment is
measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. A loan is
collateral dependent if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the sale or operation of the underlying collateral. If the present value of the expected future cash flows (or alternatively, the observable market price of the
loan or the fair value of the collateral) is less than the recorded investment in the loan, then the Firm recognizes an allowance and a charge to the provision for loan losses within Other revenues. 

The inherent allowance component of the allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio
and includes loans that have not been identified as impaired. The Firm maintains methodologies by loan product for calculating an allowance for loan losses that estimates the inherent losses in the loan portfolio. Generally, inherent losses in the
portfolio for non-impaired loans are estimated using statistical analysis and judgment regarding the exposure at default, the probability of default and the loss given default. 

Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio, and lending terms and
volume and severity of past due loans may also be considered in the calculations. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level to ensure that it is reasonably likely to adequately absorb the estimated probable losses inherent in the
portfolio. When the Firm recognizes an allowance, there is also a charge to the provision for loan losses within Other revenues. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings.
    The Firm may modify the terms of certain loans for economic or legal
reasons related to a borrower’s financial difficulties by granting one or more concessions that the Firm would not otherwise consider. Such modifications are accounted for and reported as a TDR. A loan that has been modified in a TDR is
generally considered 

95

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

to be impaired and is evaluated for the extent of impairment using the Firm’s specific allowance methodology. TDRs are also generally classified as nonaccrual and may be returned to accrual
status only after considering the borrower’s sustained repayment performance for a reasonable period. 
Nonaccrual
Loans.
    The Firm places loans on nonaccrual status if principal or interest is past due for a period of 90 days or more or payment of principal or interest is in doubt unless the obligation is well-secured and in the
process of collection. A loan is considered past due when a payment due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement has not been remitted by the borrower. Substandard loans, if identified as impaired, are categorized as nonaccrual, as
are loans classified as Doubtful or Loss. 

Payments received on nonaccrual loans held for investment are applied to principal if there is
doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of principal. If collection of the principal of nonaccrual loans held for investment is not in doubt, interest income is realized on a cash basis. If neither principal nor interest collection is in doubt,
loans are placed on accrual status and interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. Loans that are on nonaccrual status may not be restored to accrual status until all delinquent principal and/or interest has been brought
current after a reasonable period of performance, typically a minimum of six months. 

Charge-offs.
    The Firm charges off a loan in the period that it is deemed uncollectible and records a
reduction in the allowance for loan losses and the balance of the loan. In general, any portion of the recorded investment in a collateral dependent loan (including any capitalized accrued interest, net deferred loan fees or costs, and unamortized
premium or discount) in excess of the fair value of the collateral that can be identified as uncollectible, and is therefore deemed a confirmed loss, is charged off against the allowance for loan losses. In addition, for loan transfers from loans
held for investment to loans held for sale, at the time of transfer any reduction in the loan value is reflected as a 
charge-off of the recorded investment, resulting in a new cost basis. 

Lending Commitments.
    The Firm records the liability and related expense for the credit exposure related
to commitments to fund loans that will be held for investment in a manner similar to outstanding loans discussed above. The analysis also incorporates a credit conversion factor, which is the expected utilization of the undrawn commitment. The
liability is recorded in Other liabilities and accrued expenses in the balance sheets, and the expense is recorded in Other 
non-interest expenses in the income statements. For more information regarding loan
commitments, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, see Note 12.

 Loans Held for Sale 

Loans held for sale are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in Other revenues. The Firm determines
the valuation allowance on an individual loan basis, except for residential mortgage loans for which the valuation allowance is determined at the loan product level. Any decreases in fair value below the initial carrying amount and any recoveries in
fair value up to the initial carrying amount are recorded in Other revenues. Increases in fair value above initial carrying value are not recognized. 

Interest income on loans held for sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. Loan origination fees or costs and
purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred as an adjustment to the loan’s cost basis until the related loan is sold, and as such, are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and the gain or
loss recognized at the time of sale. 
Lending Commitments. Commitments to fund mortgage loans held for sale are derivatives and are
reported in Trading assets or Trading liabilities in the balance sheets with an offset to Trading revenues in the income statements. 

For
commitments to fund non-mortgage loans the Firm records the liability and related expense for the fair value exposure below cost of such commitments in Other liabilities and accrued expenses in the balance
sheets with an offset to Other revenues in the income statements. 

Loans and lending commitments held for sale are subject to the
nonaccrual policies described above in the Loans Held for Investment—Nonaccrual loans section. Because loans and lending commitments held for sale are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value, the allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies does not apply to these loans. 

Loans at Fair Value 

Loans for which the fair value option is elected are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Loans carried
at fair value are not evaluated for purposes of recording an allowance for loan losses. For further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as Trading assets and Trading liabilities, see Note 3. 

Lending Commitments. The Firm records the liability and related expense for the fair value exposure related to commitments to fund
loans that will be measured at fair value. The liability is recorded in Trading liabilities in the balance sheets, and the expense is recorded in Trading revenues in the income statements.

December 2018 Form 10-K

96

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Loans and lending commitments at fair value are subject to the nonaccrual policies described
above in the Loans Held for Investment—Nonaccrual loans section. Because such loans and lending commitments are reported at fair value, the allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply
to these loans. 

For further information on loans, see Note 7. 

Transfers of Financial Assets 

Transfers
of financial assets are accounted for as sales when the Firm has relinquished control over the transferred assets. Any related gain or loss on sale is recorded in Net revenues. Transfers that are not accounted for as sales are treated as a
collateralized financing, in certain cases referred to as “failed sales.” Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized financings
(see Note 6). 
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and Securities sold
under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”) are carried in the balance sheets at the amount of cash paid or received, plus accrued interest, except for certain repurchase agreements for which the Firm has elected the fair
value option (see Note 3). Where appropriate, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. Securities borrowed and securities loaned are recorded at the amount of cash collateral
advanced or received. 
In instances where the Firm is the lender in
securities-for-securities
 transactions and is permitted to sell or repledge these securities, the fair value of the collateral received is reported in Trading assets and
the related obligation to return the collateral is reported in Trading liabilities in the balance sheets. 
Securities-for-securities
 transactions where the Firm is the
borrower are not included in the balance sheets. 

Premises, Equipment and Software Costs 

Premises, equipment and software costs consist of buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, computer and communications
equipment, power generation assets, terminals, pipelines and software (externally purchased and developed for internal use). Premises, equipment and software costs are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization and are included in
Other assets in the balance sheets. Depreciation and amortization are provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.

 Estimated Useful Lives of Assets

in years

Estimated Useful Life

 Buildings

39

 Leasehold improvements—Building

term of lease to 25

 Leasehold improvements—Other

term of lease to 15

 Furniture and fixtures

7

 Computer and communications equipment

3 to 9

 Power generation assets

15 to 29

 Terminals, pipelines and equipment

3 to 30

 Software costs

2 to 10

Premises, equipment and software costs are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
suggest that an asset’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. 
Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

The Firm tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. The Firm tests
goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below its business segments. For both the annual and interim tests, the Firm has the option to either (i) perform a quantitative
impairment test or (ii) first perform a 
qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, in which case the quantitative test would be
performed. 

When performing a quantitative impairment test, the Firm compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the goodwill impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited to the carrying amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. 

The estimated fair values of the reporting units are derived based on valuation techniques the Firm believes
market participants would use for each respective reporting unit. The estimated fair values are generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate price-to-book
 and 
price-to-earnings
 multiples of certain comparable companies. 

Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when impairment
indicators are present. Impairment losses are recorded within Other expenses in the income statements. 

97

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Earnings per Common Share 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing earnings available to Morgan Stanley common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. Earnings available to Morgan Stanley common shareholders represents net income applicable to Morgan Stanley reduced by preferred stock dividends. Common shares outstanding include common stock and vested RSUs where
recipients have satisfied either the explicit vesting terms or retirement-eligibility requirements. Diluted EPS reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities. 

Share-based awards that pay dividend equivalents subject to vesting are included in diluted shares outstanding (if dilutive) under the
treasury stock method. 
The Firm has granted PSUs that vest and convert to shares of common stock only if predetermined performance and
market goals are satisfied. Since the issuance of the shares is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, the PSUs are included in diluted EPS based on the number of shares (if any) that would be issuable if the end of the reporting
period was the end of the contingency period. 
For the calculation of basic and diluted EPS, see Note 16. 

Deferred Compensation 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The Firm measures compensation expense for stock-based awards at fair value. The Firm determines the fair value of
RSUs (including PSUs with non-market performance conditions) based on the grant-date fair value of its common stock, measured as the
 volume-weighted average price on the date of grant. PSUs that contain
market-based conditions are valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model. 

Compensation expense is recognized over the relevant vesting
period for each separately vesting portion of the award. Compensation expense for awards with performance conditions is recognized based on the probable outcome of the performance condition at each reporting date. Compensation expense for awards
with market-based conditions is recognized irrespective of the probability of the market condition being achieved and is not reversed if the market condition is not met. The Firm accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

Stock-based awards generally contain claw back and cancellation provisions. Certain awards provide the Firm discretion to claw back or
cancel all or a portion of the award under specified circumstances. Compensation expense for those awards is adjusted for changes in the fair value of the Firm’s

common stock or the relevant model valuation, as appropriate, until conversion, exercise or expiration. 

Employee Stock Trusts 

In connection with certain stock-based compensation plans, the Firm maintains and utilizes employee stock trusts at its discretion. The assets
of the employee stock trusts are consolidated and are therefore accounted for in a manner similar to treasury stock, where the shares of common stock outstanding are offset by an equal amount of common stock issued to employee stock trusts in the
balance sheets. 
The Firm uses the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation as the basis for recognition of the assets in the
employee stock trusts. Subsequent changes in the fair value are not recognized as the Firm’s stock-based compensation plans must be settled by delivery of a fixed number of shares of the Firm’s common stock. 

Deferred Cash-Based Compensation 

Compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation plans is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for
changes in the fair value of the referenced investments that employees select. Compensation expense is recognized over the relevant vesting period for each separately vesting portion of the award. Compensation expense for these awards is adjusted
based on notional earnings of the referenced investments until distribution. 
The Firm invests directly, as a principal, in investments or
other financial instruments to economically hedge its obligations under its deferred cash-based compensation plans. Changes in the value of such investments made by the Firm are recorded in Trading revenues and Investments revenues. Although changes
in compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments made by the Firm, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate
recognition of gains and losses on the Firm’s investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period. 

Retirement-Eligible Employee Compensation 

For year-end stock-based awards and deferred cash-based compensation awards anticipated to be granted
to retirement-eligible employees under award terms that do not contain a future service requirement, the Firm accrues the estimated cost of the awards over the course of the calendar year preceding the grant date, which reflects the period over
which the compensation is earned. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

98

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Income Taxes 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based upon the temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of
assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income tax expense
(benefit) in the period that includes the enactment date. Such effects are recorded in income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations regardless of where deferred taxes were originally recorded. 

The Firm recognizes net deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making
such a determination, the Firm considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and results of recent operations.
When performing the assessment, the Firm considers all types of deferred tax assets in combination with each other, regardless of the origin of the underlying temporary difference. If a deferred tax asset is determined to be unrealizable, a
valuation allowance is established. If the Firm subsequently determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of their net recorded amount, it would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which
would reduce the provision for income taxes. 
The Firm recognizes tax expense associated with GILTI included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(“Tax Act”) as it is incurred as part of the current income taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. 
Uncertain tax
positions are recorded on the basis of a two-step process, whereby (i) the Firm determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits
of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet this threshold, the Firm recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as provision for income taxes. 

Foreign Currencies 

Assets and liabilities of operations with non-U.S. dollar functional currencies are translated at 
year-end rates of exchange. Gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements, net of hedge gains or losses and related tax effects, are reflected in AOCI in the balance
sheets. Gains or losses resulting from remeasurement of foreign currency transactions are included in net income, and amounts recognized in the income statement are translated at the rate of exchange on the respective date of recognition for
each amount. 

 Accounting Updates Adopted 

The Firm adopted the following accounting updates in 2018. See Note 15 for a summary of the Retained earnings impacts of these and other minor
adoptions effective in 2018. 
Revenues from Contracts with Customers 

On January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted Revenues from Contracts with Customers using the modified retrospective method, which
resulted in a net decrease to Retained earnings of $32 million, net of tax. Prior period amounts were not restated. 

Our revised
accounting policy in accordance with this adoption was effective January 1, 2018 and is included above. 
The more significant
differences to the accounting policy in place prior to adoption were (i) the presentation of certain costs related to underwriting and advisory activities in that such costs were recorded net of Investment Banking revenues versus the current
practice of recording the costs in the relevant non-compensation expense line item (ii) the presentation of certain costs related to the selling and distribution of investment funds in that such costs
were recorded net of Asset Management revenues versus the current practice of recording the costs in the relevant 
non-compensation expense line item (iii) the recognition of certain performance fees from
fund management activities not in the form of carried interest that were recognized quarterly versus the current practice of deferring the revenues until the fees are not probable of a significant reversal, and (iv) the timing of the
recognition of advisory fees in that such fees were recorded when realizable versus the current practice of recognizing the fees as advice is provided to the client, based on the estimated progress of work and when the revenue is not probable of a
significant reversal. 

Derivatives and Hedging–Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities 

The Firm adopted this accounting update in the first quarter of 2018, with our revised accounting policy effective January 1,
2018. Upon adoption, the Firm recorded a cumulative catch-up adjustment, decreasing Retained earnings by $99 million, net of tax. This adjustment represents the cumulative effect of
applying the new rules from the inception of certain fair value hedges of the interest rate risk of our borrowings, in particular the provision allowing only the benchmark rate component of coupon cash flows to be hedged. 

The more significant differences to the accounting policy in place prior to adoption were: the provision permitting the hedged item in a fair
value hedge of interest rate risk to be defined as including only the benchmark rate component of

99

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

contractual coupon cash flows versus the previous requirement to include the total contractual coupon cash flows as the hedged item; and the allowance to hedge part of the contractual term of the
hedged item by assuming maturity at the end of the hedge term, whereas previously it could not be assumed that the instrument matures at the end of the designated partial term. 

Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

This accounting update, which the Firm elected to early adopt as of January 1, 2018, allows companies to reclassify from AOCI to Retained
earnings the stranded tax effects associated with enactment of the Tax Act on December 22, 2017. These stranded tax effects resulted from the requirement to reflect the total amount of the remeasurement of and other adjustments to deferred tax
assets and liabilities in 2017 in income from continuing operations, regardless of whether the deferred taxes were originally recorded in AOCI. Accordingly, as of January 1, 2018, the Firm recorded a net increase to Retained earnings as a
result of the reclassification of $443 million of such stranded tax effects previously recorded in AOCI, which were primarily the result of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with the change in tax rates.

 Aside from the above treatment related to the Tax Act, the Firm releases stranded tax effects
from AOCI into earnings once the related category of instruments or transactions giving rise to these effects no longer exists. For further detail on the tax effects reclassified, refer to Note 15 to the financial statements.

December 2018 Form 10-K

100

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

3. Fair Values 

Fair Value Measurements 

Valuation Techniques for Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Asset and Liability/Valuation Technique

Valuation Hierarchy Classification

 U.S. Treasury and Agency Securities

U.S. Treasury Securities

•  Fair value is determined using quoted market prices.

U.S. Agency Securities

•  Non-callable agency-issued debt securities are
generally valued using quoted market prices, and callable agency-issued debt securities are valued by benchmarking model-derived prices to quoted market prices and trade data for comparable instruments.

•  The fair value of agency mortgage pass-through pool securities is model-driven based on
spreads of comparable to-be-announced
 securities.

•  CMOs are generally valued using quoted market prices and trade data adjusted by subsequent
changes in related indices for comparable instruments.

• Level 1

• Level 1 - non-callable agency-issued debt securities

• Generally Level 2 - callable agency-issued debt securities, agency mortgage pass-through pool securities and
CMOs 
• Level 3 - in instances where the inputs are unobservable

 Other Sovereign Government Obligations

•  Fair value is determined using quoted prices in active markets when available.

 • Generally Level 1

• Level 2 - if the market is less active or prices are dispersed

• Level 3 - in instances where the prices are unobservable

 State and Municipal Securities

•  Fair value is determined using recently executed transactions, market price quotations or
pricing models that factor in, where applicable, interest rates, bond or CDS spreads and volatility and/or volatility skew, adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments.

 • Generally Level 2 – if value based on observable
market data for comparable instruments 
• Level 3 in instances where market data is not observable

 RMBS, CMBS, ABS (collectively known as Mortgage- and Asset-backed securities (“MABS”))

•  Mortgage- and asset-backed securities may be valued based on price or spread data
obtained from observed transactions or independent external parties such as vendors or brokers.

•  When position-specific external price data are not observable, the fair value determination
may require benchmarking to comparable instruments, and/or analyzing expected credit losses, default and recovery rates, and/or applying discounted cash flow techniques. When evaluating the comparable instruments for use in the valuation of each
security, security collateral-specific attributes, including payment priority, credit enhancement levels, type of collateral, delinquency rates and loss severity, are considered. In addition, for RMBS borrowers, FICO scores and the level of
documentation for the loan are considered. 
•  Market standard models, such as Intex, Trepp
or others, may be deployed to model the specific collateral composition and cash flow structure of each transaction. Key inputs to these models are market spreads, forecasted credit losses, and default and prepayment rates for each asset
category. 
•  Valuation levels of RMBS and CMBS indices are used as an additional data point
for benchmarking purposes or to price outright index positions.

 • Generally Level 2 - if value based on observable market
data for comparable instruments 
• Level 3 - if external prices or significant spread inputs are unobservable, or
if the comparability assessment involves significant subjectivity related to property type differences, cash flows, performance or other inputs

 Corporate and other debt

Corporate Bonds

•  Fair value is determined using recently executed transactions, market price quotations, bond
spreads, CDS spreads, or at the money volatility and/or volatility skew obtained from independent external parties, such as vendors and brokers, adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments.

•  The spread data used are for the same maturity as the bond. If the spread data do not
reference the issuer, then data that reference a comparable issuer are used. When position-specific external price data are not observable, fair value is determined based on either benchmarking to comparable instruments or cash flow models with
yield curves, bond or single-name CDS spreads and recovery rates as significant inputs.

• Generally Level 2 - if value based on observable market data for comparable instruments

• Level 3 – in instances where prices or significant spread inputs are unobservable

 CDO

•  The Firm holds cash CDOs that typically reference a tranche of an underlying synthetic
portfolio of single-name CDS spreads collateralized by corporate bonds (CLN) or cash portfolio of ABS/loans (“asset-backed CDOs”).

•  Credit correlation, a primary input used to determine the fair value of CLNs, is usually
unobservable and derived using a benchmarking technique. Other model inputs such as credit spreads, including collateral spreads, and interest rates are typically observable.

•  Asset-backed CDOs are valued based on an evaluation of the market and model input parameters
sourced from comparable instruments as indicated by market activity. Each asset-backed CDO position is evaluated independently taking into consideration available comparable market levels, underlying collateral performance and pricing, deal
structures and liquidity.

• Level 2 - when either comparable market transactions are observable, or credit correlation input is
insignificant 
• Level 3 - when either comparable market transactions are unobservable, or the credit correlation
input is significant

101

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Asset and Liability/Valuation Technique

Valuation Hierarchy Classification

 Loans and Lending Commitments

•  Fair value of corporate loans is determined using recently executed transactions, market
price quotations (where observable), implied yields from comparable debt, market observable CDS spread levels obtained from independent external parties adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments, along with
proprietary valuation models and default recovery analysis where such transactions and quotations are unobservable.

•  Fair value of contingent corporate lending commitments is determined by using executed
transactions on comparable loans and the anticipated market price based on pricing indications from syndicate banks and customers. The valuation of loans and lending commitments also takes into account fee income that is considered an attribute of
the contract. 
•  Fair value of mortgage loans is determined using observable prices based on
transactional data or third-party pricing for comparable instruments, when available.

•  Where position-specific external prices are not observable, fair value is estimated based on
benchmarking to prices and rates observed in the primary market for similar loan or borrower types or based on the present value of expected future cash flows using the Firm’s best available estimates of the key assumptions, including
forecasted credit losses, prepayment rates, forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved or a methodology that utilizes the capital structure and credit spreads of recent comparable securitization transactions.

•  Fair value of equity margin loans is determined by discounting future interest cash flows,
net of estimated credit losses. The estimated credit losses are derived by benchmarking to market observable CDS spreads, implied debt yields or volatility metrics of the loan collateral.

 • Level 2 - if value based on observable market data for
comparable instruments 
• Level 3 - in instances where prices or
significant spread inputs areunobservable

 Corporate Equities

•  Exchange-traded equity securities are generally valued based on quoted prices from the
exchange. To the extent these securities are actively traded, valuation adjustments are not applied.

•  Unlisted equity securities are generally valued based on an assessment of each security,
considering rounds of financing and third-party transactions, discounted cash flow analyses and market-based information, including comparable transactions, trading multiples and changes in market outlook, among other factors.

•  Listed fund units are generally marked to the exchange-traded price if actively traded, or
NAV if not. Unlisted fund units are generally marked to NAV.

 • Level 1 - exchange-traded securities and fund units if
actively traded 
• Level 2 - exchange-traded securities if not actively traded, or if undergoing a recent M&A
event or corporate action 
• Level 3 - exchange-traded securities if not actively traded, or if undergoing an aged
M&A event or corporate action

 Derivative and Other Contracts

Listed Derivative Contracts

•  Listed derivatives that are actively traded are valued based on quoted prices from the
exchange. 
•  Listed derivatives that are not actively traded are valued using the same
techniques as those applied to OTC derivatives.

• Level 1 - listed derivatives that are actively traded

• Level 2 - listed derivatives that are not actively traded

 OTC Derivative Contracts

•  OTC derivative contracts include forward, swap and option contracts related to interest
rates, foreign currencies, credit standing of reference entities, equity prices or commodity prices.

•  Depending on the product and the terms of the transaction, the fair value of OTC derivative
products can be modeled using a series of techniques, including closed-form analytic formulas, such as the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, simulation models or a combination thereof. Many pricing models do not entail material subjectivity as the
methodologies employed do not necessitate significant judgment since model inputs may be observed from actively quoted markets, as is the case for generic interest rate swaps, many equity, commodity and foreign currency option contracts, and certain
CDS. In the case of more established derivative products, the pricing models used by the Firm are widely accepted by the financial services industry.

•  More complex OTC derivative products are typically less liquid and require more judgment in
the implementation of the valuation technique since direct trading activity or quotes are unobservable. This includes certain types of interest rate derivatives with both volatility and correlation exposure, equity, commodity or foreign currency
derivatives that are either longer-dated or include exposure to multiple underlyings, and credit derivatives, including CDS on certain mortgage- or asset-backed securities and basket CDS. Where required inputs are unobservable, relationships to
observable data points, based on historical and/or implied observations, may be employed as a technique to estimate the model input values. 

For further information on the valuation techniques for OTC derivative products, see Note 2.

 • Generally Level 2 - OTC derivative products valued using
observable inputs, or where the unobservable input is not deemed significant 
• Level 3 - OTC derivative
products for which the unobservable input is deemed significant

December 2018 Form 10-K

102

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Asset and Liability/Valuation Technique

Valuation Hierarchy Classification

 Investments

•  Investments include direct investments in equity securities, as well as various investment
management funds, which include investments made in connection with certain employee deferred compensation plans.

•  For direct investments, initially, the transaction price is generally considered by the Firm
as the exit price and is its best estimate of fair value. 
•  After initial recognition, in
determining the fair value of non-exchange-traded internally and externally managed funds, the Firm generally considers the NAV of the fund provided by the fund manager to be the best estimate of fair
value.

•  For non-exchange-traded investments either
held directly or held within internally managed funds, fair value after initial recognition is based on an assessment of each underlying investment, considering rounds of financing and third-party transactions, discounted cash flow analyses and
market-based information, including comparable Firm transactions, trading multiples and changes in market outlook, among other factors.

•  Exchange-traded direct equity investments are generally valued based on quoted prices from
the exchange.

 • Level 1 - exchange-traded direct equity investments in an
active market 
• Level 2 - non-exchange-traded direct equity investments
and investments in various investment management funds if valued based on rounds of financing or third-party transactions; exchange-traded direct equity investments if not actively traded

• Level 3 - non-exchange-traded direct equity investments and investments in
various investment management funds where rounds of financing or third-party transactions are not available

 Physical Commodities

•  The Firm trades various physical commodities, including natural gas and precious metals.

•  Fair value is determined using observable inputs, including broker quotations and published
indices.

 • Level 2

 Investment Securities—AFS Securities

•  AFS securities are composed of U.S. government and agency securities (e.g., U.S.
Treasury securities, agency-issued debt, agency mortgage pass-through securities and CMOs), CMBS, FFELP student loan ABS, state and municipal securities, corporate bonds, and CLOs.

For further information on the determination of
fair value, refer to the corresponding asset/liability Valuation Technique described herein for the same instruments.

 • For further information on the determination of
valuation hierarchy classification, see the corresponding Valuation Hierarchy Classification described herein.

 Deposits

Certificates of Deposit

•  The Firm issues FDIC-insured certificates of deposit that pay either fixed coupons or that
have repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, indices or currencies. The fair value of these certificates of deposit is determined using valuation models that incorporate observable inputs referencing identical or
comparable securities, including prices to which the deposits are linked, interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates, equity prices, and the impact of the Firm’s own credit spreads, adjusted for the impact of the FDIC
insurance, which is based on vanilla deposit issuance rates.

 • Generally Level 2

• Level 3 - in instances where the unobservable input is deemed significant

 Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold
under Agreements to Repurchase     
•  Fair value is computed using a
standard cash flow discounting methodology. 
•  The inputs to the valuation include
contractual cash flows and collateral funding spreads, which are the incremental spread over the OIS rate for a specific collateral rate (which refers to the rate applicable to a specific type of security pledged as collateral).

 • Generally Level 2

• Level 3 - in instances where the unobservable inputs are deemed significant

 Other Secured Financings

•  Other secured financings are composed of short-dated notes secured by Corporate equities,
agreements to repurchase Physical commodities, the liability portion of failed sales of Loans and lending commitments and contracts which are not classified as OTC derivatives because they fail net investment criteria.

For further information on the determination of
fair value, refer to the corresponding asset/liability Valuation Technique described herein.

 For further information on the determination of valuation hierarchy
classification, see the corresponding Valuation Hierarchy Classification described herein.

 Borrowings

Structured Notes

•  The Firm issues structured notes which are primarily composed of: instruments whose payments
and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest-rate-related features
including step-ups, step-downs, and zero coupons.

•  Fair value of structured notes is determined using valuation models for the derivative and
debt portions of the notes. These models incorporate observable inputs referencing identical or comparable securities, including prices to which the notes are linked, interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates, and commodity or
equity prices. 
•  Independent, external and traded prices for the notes are considered as
well as the impact of the Firm’s own credit spreads which are based on observed secondary bond market spreads.

 • Generally Level 2

• Level 3 - in instances where the unobservable inputs are deemed significant

103

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting1

Total

 Assets at fair value

 Trading assets:

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

38,767

$

29,594

$

54

$

—

$

68,415

 Other sovereign governmentobligations

28,395

5,529

17

—

33,941

 State and municipal securities

—

3,161

148

—

3,309

 MABS

—

2,154

354

—

2,508

 Loans and lending commitments2

—

4,055

6,870

—

10,925

 Corporate and other debt

—

18,129

1,076

—

19,205

 Corporate
equities3

93,626

522

95

—

94,243

 Derivative and other contracts:

 Interest rate

2,793

155,027

1,045

—

158,865

 Credit

—

5,707

421

—

6,128

 Foreign exchange

62

63,023

161

—

63,246

 Equity

1,256

45,596

1,022

—

47,874

 Commodity and other

963

8,517

2,992

—

12,472

Netting1

(4,151

) 

(210,190

) 

(896

) 

(44,175

) 

(259,412

) 

 Total derivative and other contracts

923

67,680

4,745

(44,175

) 

29,173

Investments4

412

293

757

—

1,462

 Physical commodities

—

536

—

—

536

 Total trading
assets4

162,123

131,653

14,116

(44,175

) 

263,717

 Investment securities—AFS

36,399

24,662

—

—

61,061

 Intangible assets

—

5

—

—

5

 Total assets at fair value

$

  198,522

$

  156,320

$

  14,116

$

  (44,175

) 

$

  324,783

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting1

Total

 Liabilities at fair value

 Deposits

$

—

$

415

$

27

$

—

$

442

 Trading liabilities:

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

11,272

543

—

—

11,815

 Other sovereign government obligations

21,391

1,454

—

—

22,845

 Corporate and other debt

—

8,550

1

—

8,551

 Corporate
equities3

56,064

199

15

—

56,278

 Derivative and other contracts:

 Interest rate

2,927

142,746

427

—

146,100

 Credit

—

5,772

381

—

6,153

 Foreign exchange

41

63,379

86

—

63,506

 Equity

1,042

47,091

2,507

—

50,640

 Commodity and other

1,228

6,872

940

—

9,040

Netting1

(4,151

) 

(210,190

) 

(896

) 

(32,944

) 

(248,181

) 

 Total derivative and other contracts

1,087

55,670

3,445

(32,944

) 

27,258

 Total trading liabilities

89,814

66,416

3,461

(32,944

) 

126,747

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

—

812

—

—

812

 Other secured financings

—

5,037

208

—

5,245

 Borrowings

—

47,378

3,806

—

51,184

 Total liabilities at fair value

$

  89,814

$

  120,058

$

  7,502

$

  (32,944

) 

$

  184,430

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting1

Total

 Assets at fair value

 Trading assets:

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

22,077

$

26,888

$

—

$

—

$

48,965

 Other sovereign government obligations

20,234

7,825

1

—

28,060

 State and municipal securities

—

3,592

8

—

3,600

 MABS

—

2,364

423

—

2,787

 Loans and lending commitments2

—

4,791

5,945

—

10,736

 Corporate and other debt

—

16,837

701

—

17,538

 Corporate
equities3

149,697

492

166

—

150,355

 Derivative and other contracts:

 Interest rate

472

178,704

1,763

—

180,939

 Credit

—

7,602

420

—

8,022

 Foreign exchange

58

53,724

15

—

53,797

 Equity

1,101

40,359

3,530

—

44,990

 Commodity and other

1,126

5,390

4,147

—

10,663

Netting1

(2,088

) 

(216,764

) 

(1,575

) 

(47,171

) 

(267,598

) 

 Total derivative and other contracts

669

69,015

8,300

(47,171

) 

30,813

Investments4

297

523

1,020

—

1,840

 Physical commodities

—

1,024

—

—

1,024

 Total trading
assets4

192,974

133,351

16,564

(47,171

) 

295,718

 Investment securities— AFS

27,522

27,681

—

—

55,203

 Intangible assets

—

3

—

—

3

 Total assets at fair value

$

  220,496

$

  161,035

$

  16,564

$

  (47,171

) 

$

  350,924

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting1

Total

 Liabilities at fair value

 Deposits

$

—

$

157

$

47

$

—

$

204

 Trading liabilities:

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

17,802

24

—

—

17,826

 Other sovereign government obligations

24,857

2,016

—

—

26,873

 Corporate and other debt

—

7,141

3

—

7,144

 Corporate
equities3

52,653

82

22

—

52,757

 Derivative and other contracts:

 Interest rate

364

162,239

545

—

163,148

 Credit

—

8,166

379

—

8,545

 Foreign exchange

23

55,118

127

—

55,268

 Equity

1,001

44,666

2,322

—

47,989

 Commodity and other

1,032

5,156

2,701

—

8,889

Netting1

(2,088

) 

(216,764

) 

(1,575

) 

(36,717

) 

(257,144

) 

 Total derivative and other contracts

332

58,581

4,499

(36,717

) 

26,695

 Total trading liabilities

95,644

67,844

4,524

(36,717

) 

131,295

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

—

650

150

—

800

 Other secured financings

—

3,624

239

—

3,863

 Borrowings

—

43,928

2,984

—

46,912

 Total liabilities at fair value

$

  95,644

$

  116,203

$

  7,944

$

  (36,717

) 

$

  183,074

MABS—Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 

1.

 For positions with the same counterparty that cross over the levels of the fair value hierarchy, both counterparty
netting and cash collateral netting are included in the column titled “Netting.” Positions classified within the same level that are with the same counterparty are netted within that level. For further information on derivative instruments
and hedging activities, see Note 4. 

2.

 For a further breakdown by type, see the following Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value table.

3.

 For trading purposes, the Firm holds or sells short equity securities issued by entities in diverse industries and of
varying sizes. 

4.

 Amounts exclude certain investments that are measured based on NAV per share, which are not classified in the fair
value hierarchy. For additional disclosure about such investments, see “Fund Interests Measured Based on Net Asset Value” herein.

December 2018 Form 10-K

104

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Breakdown of Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value 

 $ in millions

At    December 31,    
2018    

At    December 31,    
2017    

  Corporate

$

9,171

$

8,358 

  Residential real estate

1,153

799 

  Wholesale real estate

601

1,579 

  Total

$

10,925

$

10,736 

Unsettled Fair Value of Futures Contracts
1

 $ in millions

At    December 31,    
2018    

At    December 31,    
2017    

  Customer and other receivables, net

$

615

$

831  

1.

 These contracts are primarily Level 1, actively traded, valued based on quoted prices from the exchange and are
excluded from the previous recurring fair value tables. 

Changes in Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis 

Rollforward of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

  U.S. Treasury and agency securities

  Beginning balance

$

—

$

            74

$

—  

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

1

(1

) 

(4) 

  Purchases

53

—

            72  

  Sales

—

(240

) 

—  

  Settlements

—

—

—  

  Net transfers

—

167

6  

  Ending balance

$

            54

$

—

$

74  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

1

$

—

$

(4) 

  Other sovereign government obligations

  Beginning balance

$

1

$

6

$

4  

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

—

—

1  

  Purchases

41

—

4  

  Sales

(26

) 

(5

) 

(7) 

  Settlements

—

—

—  

  Net transfers

1

—

4  

  Ending balance

$

17

$

1

$

6  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

—

$

—  

  State and municipal securities

  Beginning balance

$

8

$

250

$

19  

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

—

3

—  

  Purchases

147

6

249  

  Sales

(9

) 

(83

) 

(18) 

  Settlements

—

—

—  

  Net transfers

2

(168

) 

—  

  Ending balance

$

148

$

8

$

250  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

—

$

—  

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

  MABS

  Beginning balance

$

423

$

217

$

438

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

82

47

(69)

  Purchases

177

289

82

  Sales

(338

) 

(158

) 

(323)

  Settlements

(17

) 

(37

) 

—

  Net transfers

27

65

89

  Ending balance

$

354

$

423

$

217

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(9

) 

$

(7

) 

$

(77)

  Loans and lending commitments

  Beginning balance

$

        5,945

$

5,122

$

        5,936

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(100

) 

182

(79)

 Purchases1

5,746

3,616

2,261

  Sales

(2,529

) 

(1,561

) 

(954)

  Settlements

(2,281

) 

(1,463

) 

(1,863)

  Net transfers

89

49

(179)

  Ending balance

$

6,870

$

        5,945

$

5,122

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(137

) 

$

131

$

(80)

  Corporate and other debt

  Beginning balance

$

701

$

475

$

1,145

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

106

82

40

  Purchases

734

487

350

  Sales

(251

) 

(420

) 

(708)

  Settlements

(11

) 

(9

) 

—

  Net transfers

(203

) 

86

(352)

  Ending balance

$

1,076

$

701

$

475

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

70

$

23

$

(38)

  Corporate equities

  Beginning balance

$

166

$

446

$

434

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

29

(54

) 

(2)

  Purchases

13

173

242

  Sales

(161

) 

(632

) 

(154)

  Settlements

—

—

—

  Net transfers

48

233

(74)

  Ending balance

$

95

$

166

$

446

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

17

$

(6

) 

$

—

  Net derivatives: Interest
rate
2

  Beginning balance

$

1,218

$

420

$

260

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

111

322

529

  Purchases

63

29

1

  Issuances

(19

) 

(18

) 

—

  Settlements

(172

) 

608

(83)

  Net transfers

(583

) 

(143

) 

(287)

  Ending balance

$

618

$

1,218

$

420

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

140

$

341

$

463

  Net derivatives: Credit
2

  Beginning balance

$

41

$

(373

) 

$

(844)

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

33

(43

) 

(176)

  Purchases

13

—

—

  Issuances

(95

) 

(1

) 

(4)

  Settlements

56

455

623

  Net transfers

(8

) 

3

28

  Ending balance

$

40

$

41

$

(373

) 

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

23

$

(18

) 

$

(167

) 

105

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

  Net derivatives: Foreign
exchange2

  Beginning balance

$

(112

) 

$

(43

) 

$

141  

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

179

(108

) 

(27) 

  Purchases

3

—

—  

  Issuances

(1

) 

(1

) 

—  

  Settlements

2

31

(220) 

  Net transfers

4

9

63  

  Ending balance

$

75

$

(112

) 

$

(43) 

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

118

$

(89

) 

$

(23) 

  Net derivatives: Equity2

  Beginning balance

$

1,208

$

184

$

(2,031) 

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

305

136

539  

  Purchases

122

988

809  

  Issuances

(1,179

) 

(524

) 

(337) 

  Settlements

314

396

1,073  

  Net
transfers3

(2,255

) 

28

131  

  Ending balance

$

(1,485

) 

$

1,208

$

184  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

211

$

159

$

376  

  Net derivatives: Commodity and
other2

  Beginning balance

$

1,446

$

1,600

$

1,050  

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

500

515

544  

  Purchases

34

24

24  

  Issuances

(18

) 

(57

) 

(114) 

  Settlements

(81

) 

(343

) 

(44) 

  Net transfers

171

(293

) 

140  

  Ending balance

$

        2,052

$

        1,446

$

        1,600  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

272

$

20

$

304  

  Investments

  Beginning balance

$

1,020

$

958

$

707  

  Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(25

) 

96

(32) 

  Purchases

149

102

398  

  Sales

(212

) 

(57

) 

(75) 

  Settlements

—

(78

) 

(59) 

  Net transfers

(175

) 

(1

) 

19  

  Ending balance

$

757

$

1,020

$

958  

  Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(27

) 

$

88

$

(50) 

  Deposits

  Beginning balance

$

47

$

42

$

19  

  Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(1

) 

3

—  

  Purchases

—

—

—  

  Issuances

9

12

23  

  Settlements

(2

) 

(3

) 

—  

  Net transfers

(26

) 

(7

) 

—  

  Ending balance

$

27

$

47

$

42  

  Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(1

) 

$

3

$

—  

  Trading liabilities4

  Beginning balance

$

25

$

71

$

22  

  Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(6

) 

(1

) 

(13) 

  Purchases

(18

) 

(139

) 

(109) 

  Sales

9

20

234  

  Settlements

—

—

—  

  Net transfers

6

74

(63) 

  Ending balance

$

16

$

25

$

71  

  Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(7

) 

$

—

$

—  

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

  Beginning balance

$

150

$

149

$

151  

  Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

—

—

(2) 

  Purchases

—

—

—  

  Issuances

—

1

—  

  Settlements

—

—

—  

  Net transfers

(150

) 

—

—  

  Ending balance

$

—

$

150

$

149  

  Unrealized losses (gains)

$

—

$

—

$

(2) 

  Other secured financings

  Beginning balance

$

239

$

434

$

461  

  Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(39

) 

35

5  

  Purchases

—

—

—  

  Issuances

8

64

79  

  Settlements

(17

) 

(251

) 

(45) 

  Net transfers

17

(43

) 

(66) 

  Ending balance

$

208

$

239

$

434  

  Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(39

) 

$

28

$

5  

  Borrowings

  Beginning balance

$

        2,984

$

        2,014

$

        1,988  

  Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(385

) 

196

19  

  Purchases

—

—

—  

  Issuances

1,554

1,968

648  

  Settlements

(274

) 

(424

) 

(305) 

  Net transfers

(73

) 

(770

) 

(336) 

  Ending balance

$

3,806

$

2,984

$

2,014  

  Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(379

) 

$

173

$

30  

1.

 Loan originations are included within Purchases. 

2.

 Net derivatives represent Trading assets—Derivative and other contracts, net of Trading
liabilities—Derivative and other contracts. Amounts shown are presented before counterparty netting. 

3.

 During 2018, the Firm transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 $2.4 billion of Equity Derivatives due to a
reduction in the significance of the unobservable inputs relating to volatility. 

4.

 Includes corporate and other debt and corporate equities. Excludes derivatives which are reflected within net
derivatives. 

Level 3 instruments may be hedged with instruments classified in Level 1 and Level 2. The
realized and unrealized gains (losses) for assets and liabilities within the Level 3 category presented in the previous tables do not reflect the related realized and unrealized gains (losses) on hedging instruments that have been classified by
the Firm within the Level 1 and/or Level 2 categories. 
The unrealized gains (losses) during the period for assets and
liabilities within the Level 3 category may include changes in fair value during the period that were attributable to both observable and unobservable inputs. Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) are primarily included in Trading
revenues in the income statements. 
Additionally, in the previous tables, consolidations of VIEs are included in Purchases and
deconsolidations of VIEs are included in Settlements. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

106

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

The following disclosures provide information on the valuation techniques, significant unobservable inputs, and their ranges and
averages for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis with a significant Level 3 balance. The level of aggregation and breadth of products cause the range of inputs to be wide
and not evenly distributed across the inventory. Further, the range of unobservable inputs may differ across firms in the financial services industry because of diversity in the types of products included in each firm’s inventory. There are no
predictable relationships between multiple significant unobservable inputs attributable to a given valuation technique. A single amount is disclosed when there is no significant difference between the minimum, maximum and average. 

Valuation Techniques and Sensitivity of Unobservable Inputs 

Used in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

Recurring Fair Value Measurement 

Balance / Range (Average1)

 $ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

 Assets at Fair Value

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

54  

$

—  

 Comparable pricing:

 Bond price

100 to 104 points (100 points)

N/A 

 State and municipal securities

$

148  

$

8  

 Comparable pricing:

 Bond price

94 to 100 points (96 points)

N/M 

 MABS

$

354  

$

423  

 Comparable pricing:

 Bond price

0 to 97 points (38 points)

0 to 95 points (26 points) 

 Loans and lending commitments

$

6,870  

$

5,945  

 Margin loan model:

 Discount rate

1% to 7% (2%)

0% to 3% (1%) 

 Volatility skew

19% to 56% (28%)

7% to 41% (22%) 

 Credit Spread

14 to 90 bps (36 bps)

N/M 

 Comparable pricing:

 Loan price

60 to 101 points (95 points)

55 to 102 points (95 points) 

 Corporate and other debt

$

1,076  

$

701  

 Comparable pricing:

 Bond price

12 to 100 points (72 points)

3 to 134 points (59 points) 

 Discounted cash flow:

 Recovery rate

20% 

6% to 36% (27%) 

 Discount rate

15% to 21% (16%)

7% to 20% (14%) 

 Option model:

 At the money volatility

24% to 78% (50%)

17% to 52% (52%) 

 Corporate equities

$

95  

$

166  

 Comparable pricing:

 Equity price

100%  

100%  

Balance / Range (Average1)

 $ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

  Net derivative and other contracts:

  Interest rate

$

618 

$

1,218  

  Option model:

 IR volatility skew

22% to 95% (48% / 51%)

31% to 97% (41% / 47%) 

 Inflation volatility

23% to 65% (44% / 40%)

23% to 63% (44% / 41%) 

 IR curve

1%

2% 

  Credit

$

40 

$

41  

  Comparable pricing:

 Cash-synthetic basis

8 to 9 points (9 points)

12 to 13 points (12 points) 

 Bond price

0 to 75 points (26 points)

0 to 75 points (25 points) 

 Credit spread

246 to 499 bps (380 bps)

N/M 

 Funding spread

47 to 98 bps (93 bps)

N/M 

  Correlation model:

 Credit correlation

36% to 69% (44%)

38% to 100% (48%) 

  Foreign exchange
2

$

75 

$

(112) 

  Option model:

 IR FX correlation

53% to 56% (55% / 55%)

54% to 57% (56% / 56%) 

 IR volatility skew

22% to 95% (48% / 51%)

31% to 97% (41% / 47%) 

 Contingency probability

90% to 95% (93% / 95%)

95% to 100% (96% /95%) 

 Equity
2

$

(1,485)

$

1,208  

  Option model:

 At the money volatility

17% to 63% (38%)

7% to 54% (32%) 

 Volatility skew

-2% to 0% (-1%)

-5% to 0% (-1%) 

 Equity correlation

5% to 96% (71%)

5% to 99% (76%) 

 FX correlation

-60% to 55% (-26%)

-55% to 40% (36%) 

 IR correlation

-7% to 45% (15% / 12%)

-7% to 49% (18% / 20%) 

  Commodity and other

$

2,054 

$

1,446 

  Option model:

 Forward power price

$

3 to $185 ($31) per MWh

$

4 to $102 ($31) per MWh 

 Commodity volatility

7% to 187% (17%)

7% to 205% (17%) 

 Cross-commodity correlation

5% to 99% (93%)

5% to 99% (92%) 

  Investments

$

757 

$

1,020  

  Discounted cash flow:

 WACC

9% to 15% (10%)

8% to 15% (9%) 

 Exit multiple

7 to 10 times (10 times)

8 to 11 times (10 times) 

  Market approach:

 EBITDA multiple

6 to 24 times (12 times)

6 to 25 times (11 times) 

  Comparable pricing:

 Equity price

75% to 100% (96%)

45% to 100% (92%) 

  Liabilities at Fair Value

  Other secured financings

$

208 

$

239  

  Discounted cash flow:

 Funding spread

103 to 193 bps (148 bps)

39 to 76 bps (57 bps) 

  Option model:

 Volatility skew

-1%

-1% 

 At the money volatility

10% to 40% (25%)

10% to 40% (26%) 

  Borrowings

$

3,806 

$

2,984  

  Option model:

 At the money volatility

5% to 35% (22%)

5% to 35% (22%) 

 Volatility skew

-2% to 0% (0%)

-2% to 0% (0%) 

 Equity correlation

45% to 98% (85%)

39% to 95% (86%) 

 Equity - FX correlation

-75% to 50% (-27%)

-55% to 10% (-18%) 

 IR Correlation

58% to 97% (85% / 91%)

N/M 

 IR FX Correlation

28% to 58% (44% / 44%)

N/M 

107

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Balance / Range (Average
1)

$ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurement

 Loans

$

1,380

$

924 

 Corporate loan model:

 Credit spread

97 to 434 bps (181 bps)

93 to 563 bps (239 bps) 

 Expected recovery:

 Asset coverage

N/M

95% to 99% (95%) 

 Warehouse model:

 Credit spread

223 to 313 bps (247 bps)

N/M 

Points—Percentage of par 
IR—Interest rate

FX—Foreign exchange 

1.

 Amounts represent weighted averages except where simple averages and the median of the inputs are more relevant.

2.

 Includes derivative contracts with multiple risks (i.e., hybrid products). 

Significant Unobservable Inputs

—
Description and Sensitivity

An increase (decrease) to the following inputs would generally result in a higher (lower) fair value. 

•

 Asset coverage: The ratio of a borrower’s underlying pledged assets less applicable costs relative to
their outstanding debt (while considering the loan’s principal and the seniority and security of the loan commitment). 

•

 Comparable bond or loan price: A pricing input used when prices for the identical instrument are not
available. Significant subjectivity may be involved when fair value is determined using pricing data available for comparable instruments. Valuation using comparable instruments can be done by calculating an implied yield (or spread over a liquid
benchmark) from the price of a comparable bond or loan, then adjusting that yield (or spread) to derive a value for the bond or loan. The adjustment to yield (or spread) should account for relevant differences in the bonds or loans such as maturity
or credit quality. Alternatively, a price-to-price
 basis can be assumed between the comparable instrument and the bond or loan being valued in order to establish the
value of the bond or loan. 

•

 Comparable equity price: A price derived from equity raises, share buybacks and external bid levels, etc. A
discount or premium may be included in the fair value estimate. 

•

 Contingency probability: Probability associated with the realization of an underlying event upon which the
value of an asset is contingent. 

•

 EBITDA multiple / Exit multiple: The ratio of Enterprise Value to EBITDA, where Enterprise Value is the
aggregate value of equity and debt minus cash and cash equivalents. The EBITDA multiple reflects the value of the company in terms of its full-year EBITDA, whereas the exit multiple reflects the value of the company in terms of its full-year
expected EBITDA at exit. Either multiple allows comparison

between companies from an operational perspective as the effect of capital structure, taxation and depreciation/amortization is excluded. 

•

 Recovery rate: Amount expressed as a percentage of par that is expected to be received when a credit event
occurs. 

An increase (decrease) to the following inputs would generally result in a lower (higher) fair value. 

•

 Cash-synthetic basis: The measure of the price differential between cash financial instruments and their
synthetic derivative-based equivalents. The range disclosed in the table above signifies the number of points by which the synthetic bond equivalent price is higher than the quoted price of the underlying cash bonds. 

•

 Credit spread: The credit spread reflects the additional net yield an investor can earn from a security with
more credit risk relative to one with less credit risk. The credit spread of a particular security is often quoted in relation to the yield on a credit risk-free benchmark security or reference rate, typically either U.S. Treasury or LIBOR.

•

 Funding spread: The cost of borrowing defined as the incremental spread over the OIS rate for a specific
collateral rate (which refers to the rate applicable to a specific type of security pledged as collateral). 

•

 WACC: WACC theoretically represents the required rate of return to debt and equity investors. The WACC implied
by the current value of equity in a discounted cash flow model. The model assumes that the cash flow assumptions, including projections, are fully reflected in the current equity value, while the debt to equity ratio is held constant.

An increase (decrease) to the following inputs would generally result in an impact to the fair value,
but the magnitude and direction of the impact would depend on whether the Firm is long or short the exposure. 

•

 Correlation: A pricing input where the payoff is driven by more than one underlying risk. Correlation is a
measure of the relationship between the movement of two variables (i.e., how the change in one variable influences a change in the other variable). 

•

 Interest rate curve: The term structure of interest rates (relationship between interest rates and the time to
maturity) and a market’s measure of future interest rates at the time of observation. An interest rate curve is used to set interest rate and foreign exchange derivative cash flows and is a pricing input used in the discounting of any OTC
derivative cash flow. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

108

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

•

 Volatility: The measure of variability in possible returns for an instrument given how much that instrument
changes in value over time. Volatility is a pricing input for options and, generally, the lower the volatility, the less risky the option. The level of volatility used in the valuation of a particular option depends on a number of factors, including
the nature of the risk underlying that option, the tenor and the strike price of the option. 

•

 Volatility skew: The measure of the difference in implied volatility for options with identical underliers and
expiry dates but with different strikes. 

Fund Interests Measured Based on Net Asset Value 

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

CarryingValue

Commitment

CarryingValue

Commitment

 Private equity

$

1,374

   $

316

$

1,674

   $

308

 Real estate

1,105

161

800

183

 Hedge1

103

4

90

4

 Total

$

2,582

   $

481

$

2,564

   $

495

1.

 Investments in hedge funds may be subject to initial period lock-up or gate
provisions, which restrict an investor from withdrawing from the fund during a certain initial period or restrict the redemption amount on any redemption date, respectively. 

Amounts in the previous table represent the Firm’s carrying value of general and limited partnership interests in fund investments, as
well as any related performance fees in the form of carried interest. The carrying amounts are measured based on the NAV of the fund taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held. This same measurement applies whether
the fund investments are accounted for under the equity method or fair value. 
Private Equity.
    Funds
that pursue multiple strategies, including leveraged buyouts, venture capital, infrastructure growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific domestic or foreign
geographic regions. 

Real Estate.
    Funds that invest in real estate assets such as commercial office
buildings, retail properties, multi-family residential properties, developments or hotels. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific domestic or foreign geographic regions. 

Investments in private equity and real estate funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature of these funds. Instead,
distributions from each fund will be received as the underlying investments of the funds are disposed and monetized. 

Hedge.
    Funds that pursue various investment strategies, including long-short equity, fixed income/credit,
event-driven and multi-strategy. 

 See Note 12 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential
obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received. See Note 21 for information regarding related performance fees at risk of reversal, including performance fees in the form of carried interest. 

 Nonredeemable Funds by Contractual Maturity

    Carrying Value at December 31, 2018    

$ in millions

Private Equity

Real Estate

 Less than 5 years

     $

707

    $

618

 5-10 years

642

440

 Over 10 years

25

47

 Total

     $

1,374

    $

1,105

Fair Value Option 

The Firm elected the fair value option for certain eligible instruments that are risk managed on a fair value basis to mitigate income
statement volatility caused by measurement basis differences between the elected instruments and their associated risk management transactions or to eliminate complexities of applying certain accounting models. 

 Borrowings Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

At
December 31,
2017

Business Unit Responsible for Risk Management

 Equity

$

24,494

$

25,903

 Interest rates

22,343

19,230

 Commodities

2,735

298

 Credit

856

815

 Foreign exchange

756

666

 Total

$

51,184

$

46,912

 Earnings Impact of Borrowings under the Fair Value Option

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Trading revenues

$

    2,679

$

    (4,507

) 

$

(707

) 

 Interest expense

(321

) 

(443

) 

(483

) 

 Net
revenues
1

$

2,358

$

(4,950

) 

$

    (1,190

) 

1.

 Amounts do not reflect any gains or losses on related hedging instruments. 

Gains (losses) are mainly attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates, or interest rates or movements in the reference price or index.

109

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Gains (Losses) Due to Changes in Instrument-Specific Credit Risk 

$ in millions

TradingRevenues

OCI

 2018

 Borrowings

  $

(24

) 

$

    1,962

 Loans and other
debt1

165

—

 Lending
commitments2

(3

) 

—

 Other

(32

) 

41

 2017

 Borrowings

  $

(12

) 

$

(903

) 

 Loans and other
debt1

159

—

 Lending
commitments2

(2

) 

—

 Other

—

(7

) 

 2016

 Borrowings

  $

31

$

(460

) 

 Loans and other
debt1

(71

) 

—

 Lending
commitments2

4

—

 Other

—

—

$ in millions

 At

December 31, 2018

 At

December 31, 2017

 Cumulative pre-tax DVA gain
(loss) recognized in AOCI

  $

172

  $

(1,831

) 

1.

 Loans and other debt instrument-specific credit gains (losses) were determined by excluding the non-credit components of gains and losses. 

2.

 Gains (losses) on lending commitments were generally determined based on the difference between estimated expected
client yields and contractual yields at each respective period-end. 

Excess of
Contractual Principal Amount Over Fair Value 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Loans and other
debt1

  $

13,094

  $

13,481

 Loans 90 or more days past due and/or on nonaccrual status1

10,831

11,253

Borrowings2

2,657

71

1.

 The majority of the difference between principal and fair value amounts for loans and other debt relates to
distressed debt positions purchased at amounts well below par. 

2.

 Borrowings in this table do not include structured notes where the repayment of the initial principal amount
fluctuates based on changes in a reference price or index. 

The previous tables exclude
non-recourse debt from consolidated VIEs, liabilities related to failed sales of financial assets, pledged commodities and other liabilities that have specified assets attributable to them.

 Fair Value Loans on Nonaccrual Status 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Nonaccrual loans

$

1,497

$

1,240

 Nonaccrual loans 90 or more days past due

$

812

$

779

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a 

Nonrecurring Basis 

At December 31, 2018

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 31

Total

 Assets

 Loans

$

2,307

$

1,380

$

3,687

 Other assets—Other investments

14

100

114

 Other assets—Premises, equipmentand
software

—

—

—

 Total

$

    2,321

$

    1,480

$

    3,801

 Liabilities

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending
commitments

$

292

$

65

$

357

 Total

$

292

$

65

$

357

At December 31, 2017

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 31

Total

 Assets

 Loans

$

1,394

$

924

$

2,318

 Other assets—Other investments

—

144

144

 Other assets—Premises, equipment and software

—

—

—

 Total

$

    1,394

$

    1,068

$

    2,462

 Liabilities

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending
commitments

$

158

$

38

$

196

 Total

$

158

$

38

$

196

1.

 For significant Level 3 balances, refer to “Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and
Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements” section herein for details of the significant unobservable inputs used for nonrecurring fair value measurement.

December 2018 Form 10-K

110

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Gains (Losses) from Nonrecurring Fair Value Remeasurements1

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Assets

Loans2

$

(68

) 

$

18

$

40     

 Other assets—Other investments3

(56

) 

(66

) 

(52)    

 Other assets—Premises, equipment and software

(46

) 

(25

) 

(76)    

 Intangible assets

            —

            —

(2)    

 Total

$

(170

) 

$

(73

) 

$

(90)    

 Liabilities

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending commitments2

$

(48

) 

$

75

$

          121     

 Total

$

(48

) 

$

75

$

121     

1.

 Gains and losses for Loans and Other assets—Other investments are classified in Other revenues. For other items,
gains and losses are recorded in Other revenues if the item is held for sale; otherwise they are recorded in Other expenses. 

2.

 Nonrecurring changes in the fair value of loans and lending commitments were calculated as follows: for the held-for-investment
 category, based on the value of the underlying collateral; and for the

held-for-sale
 category, based on recently executed transactions, market price quotations, valuation models that incorporate market observable inputs where possible, such
as comparable loan or debt prices and CDS spread levels adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments, or default recovery analysis where such transactions and quotations are unobservable. 

3.

 Losses related to Other assets—Other investments were determined using techniques that included discounted cash
flow models, methodologies that incorporate multiples of certain comparable companies and recently executed transactions.

 Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value 

At December 31, 2018

 Carrying

Value

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Financial assets

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

30,541

$

30,541

$

—

$

—

$

30,541

 Interest bearing deposits with banks

21,299

21,299

—

—

21,299

 Restricted cash

35,356

35,356

—

—

35,356

 Investment securities—HTM

30,771

17,473

12,018

474

29,965

 Securities purchased underagreements to
resell

98,522

—

97,611

866

98,477

 Securities borrowed

116,313

—

116,312

—

116,312

 Customer and otherreceivables
1

47,972

—

44,620

3,219

47,839

 Loans2

115,579

—

25,604

90,121

115,725

 Other assets

461

—

461

—

461

 Financial liabilities

 Deposits

$

187,378

$

—

$

187,372

$

—

$

187,372

 Securities sold underagreements
to
repurchase

48,947

—

48,385

525

48,910

 Securities loaned

11,908

—

11,906

—

11,906

 Other secured financings

4,221

—

3,233

994

4,227

 Customer and other payables1

176,561

—

176,561

—

176,561

 Borrowings

138,478

—

140,085

30

140,115

CommitmentAmount

 Lending
commitments3

$

104,844

$

—

$

1,249

$

321

$

1,570

111

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2017

 Carrying

Value

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Financial assets

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

 $

24,816

$

24,816

$

—

$

—

$

24,816

 Interest bearing deposits with banks

21,348

21,348

—

—

21,348

 Restricted cash

34,231

34,231

—

—

34,231

 Investmentsecurities—HTM

23,599

11,119

11,673

289

23,081

 Securities purchased underagreements
to
resell

84,258

—

78,239

5,978

84,217

 Securities borrowed

124,010

—

124,018

1

124,019

 Customer and otherreceivables
1

51,269

—

47,159

3,984

51,143

 Loans2

104,126

—

21,290

82,928

104,218

 Other assets

433

—

433

—

433

 Financial liabilities

 Deposits

 $

159,232

$

—

$

    159,232

$

—

$

159,232

 Securities sold underagreements
to
repurchase

55,624

—

51,752

3,867

55,619

 Securities loaned

13,592

—

13,191

401

13,592

 Other secured financings

7,408

—

5,987

1,431

7,418

 Customer and other payables1

188,464

—

188,464

—

188,464

 Borrowings

145,670

—

151,692

30

151,722

CommitmentAmount

 Lending
commitments3

 $

100,151

$

—

$

620

$

174

$

794

1.

 Accrued interest and dividend receivables and payables where carrying value approximates fair value have been
excluded. 

2.

 Amounts include loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

3.

 Represents Lending Commitments accounted for as Held for Investment and Held for Sale. For a further discussion on
lending commitments, see Note 12. 

The previous tables exclude certain financial instruments such as equity method
investments and all non-financial assets and liabilities such as the value of the long-term relationships with the Firm’s deposit customers.

 4. Derivative Instruments and Hedging 

Activities 

The Firm
trades and makes markets globally in listed futures, OTC swaps, forwards, options and other derivatives referencing, among other things, interest rates, equities, currencies, investment grade and
non-investment grade corporate credits, loans, bonds, U.S. and other sovereign securities, emerging market bonds and loans, credit indices, ABS indices, property indices, mortgage-related and other ABS, and
real estate loan products. The Firm uses these instruments for market-making, foreign currency exposure management, and asset and liability management. 

The Firm manages its market-making positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of
risk exposures and hedging. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g., futures, forwards, swaps and options). The Firm
manages the market risk associated with its market-making activities on a Firm-wide basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis.

December 2018 Form 10-K

112

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Derivative Fair Values 

At December 31, 2018 

Assets

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

512

$

1

$

—

$

513

 Foreign exchange contracts

27

8

—

35

 Total

539

9

—

548

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

153,768

3,887

697

158,352

 Credit contracts

4,630

1,498

—

6,128

 Foreign exchange contracts

61,846

1,310

55

63,211

 Equity contracts

24,590

—

23,284

47,874

 Commodity and other contracts

10,538

—

1,934

12,472

 Total

255,372

6,695

25,970

288,037

 Total gross derivatives

$

255,911

$

6,704

$

25,970

$

288,585

 Amounts offset

 Counterparty netting

(190,220

) 

(5,260

) 

(24,548

) 

(220,028

) 

 Cash collateral netting

(38,204

) 

(1,180

) 

—

(39,384

) 

 Total in Trading assets

$

27,487

$

264

$

1,422

$

29,173

 Amounts not offset1

 Financial instruments collateral

(12,467

) 

—

—

(12,467

) 

 Other cash collateral

(31

) 

—

—

(31

) 

 Net amounts

$

14,989

$

264

$

1,422

$

16,675

 Net amounts for which master netting or collateral
agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

2,206

Liabilities

 $ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

176

$

—

$

—

$

176

 Foreign exchange contracts

62

24

—

86

 Total

238

24

—

262

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

142,592

2,669

663

145,924

 Credit contracts

4,545

1,608

—

6,153

 Foreign exchangecontracts

62,099

1,302

19

63,420

 Equity contracts

27,119

—

23,521

50,640

 Commodity and other contracts

6,983

—

2,057

9,040

 Total

243,338

5,579

26,260

275,177

 Total gross derivatives

$

243,576

$

5,603

$

26,260

$

275,439

 Amounts offset

 Counterparty netting

(190,220

) 

(5,260

) 

(24,548

) 

(220,028

) 

 Cash collateral netting

(27,860

) 

(293

) 

—

(28,153

) 

 Total in Trading liabilities

$

25,496

$

50

$

1,712

$

27,258

 Amounts not offset1

 Financial instruments collateral

(4,709

) 

—

(766

) 

(5,475

) 

 Other cash collateral

(53

) 

(1

) 

—

(54

) 

 Net amounts

$

20,734

$

49

$

946

$

21,729

 Net amounts for which master netting or collateral
agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

4,773

 At December 31, 2017 

Assets

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

1,057

$

—

$

—

$

1,057

 Foreign exchange contracts

57

6

—

63

 Total

1,114

6

—

1,120

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

177,948

1,700

234

179,882

 Credit contracts

5,740

2,282

—

8,022

 Foreign exchange contracts

52,878

798

58

53,734

 Equity contracts

24,452

—

20,538

44,990

 Commodity and other contracts

8,861

—

1,802

10,663

 Total

269,879

4,780

22,632

297,291

 Total gross derivatives

$

270,993

$

4,786

$

22,632

$

298,411

 Amounts offset

 Counterparty netting

(201,051

) 

(3,856

) 

(19,861

) 

(224,768

) 

 Cash collateral netting

(42,141

) 

(689

) 

—

(42,830

) 

 Total in Trading assets

$

27,801

$

241

$

2,771

$

30,813

 Amounts not offset1

 Financial instruments collateral

(12,363

) 

—

—

(12,363

) 

 Other cash collateral

(4

) 

—

—

(4

) 

 Net amounts

$

15,434

$

241

$

2,771

$

18,446

 Net amounts for which master netting or collateral
agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

3,154

Liabilities

 $ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

67

$

1

$

—

$

68

 Foreign exchange contracts

72

57

—

129

 Total

139

58

—

197

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

161,758

1,178

144

163,080

 Credit contracts

6,273

2,272

—

8,545

 Foreign exchangecontracts

54,191

925

23

55,139

 Equity contracts

27,993

—

19,996

47,989

 Commodity and other contracts

7,117

—

1,772

8,889

 Total

257,332

4,375

21,935

283,642

 Total gross derivatives

$

257,471

$

4,433

$

21,935

$

283,839

 Amounts offset

 Counterparty netting

(201,051

) 

(3,856

) 

(19,861

) 

(224,768

) 

 Cash collateral netting

(31,892

) 

(484

) 

—

(32,376

) 

 Total in Trading liabilities

$

24,528

$

93

$

2,074

$

26,695

 Amounts not offset1

 Financial instruments collateral

(5,523

) 

—

(412

) 

(5,935

) 

 Other cash collateral

(18

) 

(14

) 

—

(32

) 

 Net amounts

$

18,987

$

79

$

1,662

$

20,728

 Net amounts for which master netting or collateral
agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

3,751

1.

 Amounts relate to master netting agreements and collateral agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be
legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance. 

See Note 3 for information related to the unsettled fair value of futures contracts not designated as accounting hedges, which are excluded
from the previous tables. 

113

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Derivative Notionals 

At December 31, 2018 

Assets

 $ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

15

$

52

$

—

$

67

 Foreign exchange contracts

5

1

—

6

 Total

20

53

—

73

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

4,807

6,708

1,157

12,672

 Credit contracts

162

74

—

236

 Foreign exchange contracts

2,436

118

14

2,568

 Equity contracts

373

—

371

744

 Commodity and other contracts

97

—

67

164

 Total

7,875

6,900

1,609

16,384

 Total gross derivatives

$

7,895

$

6,953

$

1,609

$

16,457

Liabilities

 $ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

2

$

107

$

—

$

109

 Foreign exchange contracts

5

1

—

6

 Total

7

108

—

115

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

4,946

5,735

781

11,462

 Credit contracts

162

73

—

235

 Foreign exchange contracts

2,451

114

17

2,582

 Equity contracts

389

—

602

991

 Commodity and other contracts

72

—

65

137

 Total

8,020

5,922

1,465

15,407

 Total gross derivatives

$

8,027

$

6,030

$

1,465

$

15,522

At December 31, 2017 

Assets

 $ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

20

$

46

$

—

$

66

 Foreign exchange contracts

4

—

—

4

 Total

24

46

—

70

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

3,999

6,458

2,714

13,171

 Credit contracts

194

100

—

294

 Foreign exchange contracts

1,960

67

9

2,036

 Equity contracts

397

—

334

731

 Commodity and other contracts

86

—

72

158

 Total

6,636

6,625

3,129

16,390

 Total gross derivatives

$

6,660

$

6,671

$

3,129

$

16,460

Liabilities

 $ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

 Designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

2

$

102

$

—

$

104

 Foreign exchange contracts

4

2

—

6

 Total

6

104

—

110

 Not designated as accounting hedges

 Interest rate contracts

4,199

6,325

1,089

11,613

 Credit contracts

226

80

—

306

 Foreign exchange contracts

2,014

78

51

2,143

 Equity contracts

394

—

405

799

 Commodity and other contracts

68

—

61

129

 Total

6,901

6,483

1,606

14,990

 Total gross derivatives

$

6,907

$

6,587

$

1,606

$

15,100

The Firm believes that the notional amounts of derivative contracts generally overstate its exposure. In most
circumstances notional amounts are only used as a reference point from which to calculate amounts owed between the parties to the contract. Furthermore, notional amounts do not reflect the benefit of legally enforceable netting arrangements or risk
mitigating transactions. 
Gains (Losses) on Accounting Hedges 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Fair Value Hedges—Recognized in Interest Expense

 Interest rate contracts

$

(1,529

) 

$

(1,591

) 

$

(1,738

) 

 Borrowings

1,511

1,393

1,541

 Net Investment Hedges—Foreign exchange contracts

 Recognized in OCI

$

        295

$

(365

) 

$

(1

) 

 Forward points excluded from hedge effectiveness
testing—Recognized in Interest income

68

        (20

) 

        (74

) 

Fair Value Hedges—Hedged Items 

$ in millions

At December 31,2018

 Investment Securities—AFS
1

 Carrying amount2
currently or previously hedged

$

201

 Borrowings

 Carrying amount2
currently or previously hedged

$

102,899

 Basis adjustments included in carrying amount3

$

(1,689

) 

 1.

 In the third quarter of 2018, the Firm began designating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of
certain AFS securities. Amounts recognized in interest income and basis adjustments related to AFS securities were not material. 

 2.

 Carrying amount represents amortized cost basis. 

 3.

 Hedge accounting basis adjustments for Borrowings are primarily related to outstanding hedges.

December 2018 Form 10-K

114

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Credit Risk-Related Contingencies 

Net Derivative Liabilities and Collateral Posted 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Net derivative liabilities with credit risk-related contingent
features

$

16,403

$

20,675

 Collateral posted

11,981

16,642

The previous table presents the aggregate fair value of certain derivative contracts that contain credit
risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position for which the Firm has posted collateral in the normal course of business. 

Incremental Collateral and Termination Payments upon Potential Future Ratings Downgrade 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

 One-notch downgrade

$

460

 Two-notch downgrade

321

 Bilateral downgrade agreements included in the amounts above1

$

707

1.

 Amount represents arrangements between the Firm and other parties where upon the downgrade of one party, the
downgraded party must deliver collateral to the other party. These bilateral downgrade arrangements are used by the Firm to manage the risk of counterparty downgrades. 

The additional collateral or termination payments that may be called in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can
be based on ratings by either or both of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global Ratings. The previous table shows the future potential collateral amounts and termination payments that could be
called or required by counterparties or exchange and clearing organizations in the event of 
one-notch or 
two-notch downgrade scenarios based on the relevant contractual
downgrade triggers. 

 Credit Derivatives and Other Credit Contracts 

The Firm enters into credit derivatives, principally CDS, under which it receives or provides protection against the risk of default on a set
of debt obligations issued by a specified reference entity or entities. A majority of the Firm’s counterparties for these derivatives are banks, broker-dealers, and insurance and other financial institutions. 

Maximum Potential Payout/Notional of Credit Protection Sold1 

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2018

$ in millions

< 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Single-name CDS

 Investment grade

$

22,297

$

23,876

$

19,469

$

7,844

$

73,486

 Non-investment grade

10,135

11,061

9,020

861

31,077

 Total

$

32,432

$

34,937

$

28,489

$

8,705

$

104,563

 Index and basket CDS

 Investment grade

$

5,341

$

9,901

$

60,887

$

6,816

$

82,945

 Non-investment grade

4,574

5,820

12,855

13,272

36,521

 Total

$

9,915

$

15,721

$

73,742

$

20,088

$

119,466

 Total CDS sold

$

42,347

$

50,658

$

102,231

$

28,793

$

224,029

 Other credit contracts

—

—

—

116

116

 Total credit protection sold

$

42,347

$

50,658

$

102,231

$

28,909

$

224,145

 CDS protection sold with identical protection
purchased

$

209,972

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2017

$ in millions

< 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Single-name CDS

 Investment grade

$

39,721

$

42,591

$

18,157

$

8,872

$

109,341

 Non-investment grade

14,213

16,293

6,193

908

37,607

 Total

$

53,934

$

58,884

$

24,350

$

9,780

$

146,948

 Index and basket CDS

 Investment grade

$

29,046

$

15,418

$

37,343

$

6,807

$

88,614

 Non-investment grade

5,246

7,371

32,417

9,289

54,323

 Total

$

34,292

$

22,789

$

69,760

$

16,096

$

142,937

 Total CDS sold

$

88,226

$

81,673

$

94,110

$

25,876

$

289,885

 Other credit contracts

2

—

—

134

136

 Total credit protection sold

$

88,228

$

81,673

$

94,110

$

26,010

$

290,021

 CDS protection sold with identical protection
purchased

$

274,473

115

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Fair Value (Asset)/Liability of Credit Protection
Sold1 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Single-name CDS

 Investment grade

$

(118

) 

$

(1,167

) 

 Non-investment grade

403

(110

) 

 Total

$

285

$

(1,277

) 

 Index and basket CDS

 Investment grade

$

(314

) 

$

(1,091

) 

 Non-investment grade

1,413

408

 Total

$

1,099

$

(683

) 

 Total CDS sold

$

1,384

$

(1,960

) 

 Other credit contracts

14

16

 Total credit protection sold

$

1,398

$

(1,944

) 

1.

 Investment grade/non-investment grade determination is based on the internal
credit rating of the reference obligation. 

The fair value amounts as shown in the previous table are prior to cash
collateral or counterparty netting. Internal credit ratings serve as the Credit Risk Management Department’s assessment of credit risk and the basis for a comprehensive credit limits framework used to control credit risk. The Firm uses
quantitative models and judgment to estimate the various risk parameters related to each obligor. 
Protection Purchased with CDS 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Fair Value (Asset)/Liability

Notional

 Single name

$

(277

) 

$

116,333

 Index and basket

(1,333

) 

117,022

 Tranched index and basket

                        251

13,524

 Total

$

(1,359

) 

$

                246,879

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Fair Value (Asset)/Liability

Notional

 Single name

$

1,658

$

164,773

 Index and basket

209

120,348

 Tranched index and basket

616

24,498

 Total

$

                        2,483

$

                309,619

The purchase of credit protection does not represent the sole manner in which the Firm risk manages its
exposure to credit derivatives. The Firm manages its exposure to these derivative contracts through a variety of risk mitigation strategies, which include managing the credit and correlation risk across single-name,
non-tranched indices and baskets, tranched indices and baskets, and cash positions. Aggregate market risk limits have been established for credit derivatives, and market risk measures are routinely monitored
against these limits. The Firm may also recover amounts on the underlying reference obligation delivered to the Firm under CDS where credit protection was sold. 

Single-Name CDS.    A CDS protects the buyer against the loss of principal on a bond or loan in case of a default
by the

issuer. The protection buyer pays a periodic premium (generally quarterly) over the life of the contract and is protected for the period. The Firm, in turn, performs under a CDS if a credit event
as defined under the contract occurs. Typical credit events include bankruptcy, dissolution or insolvency of the referenced entity, failure to pay and restructuring of the obligations of the referenced entity. 

Index and Basket CDS.    Index and basket CDS are products where credit protection is provided on a portfolio of
single name CDS. Generally, in the event of a default on one of the underlying names, the Firm pays a pro rata portion of the total notional amount of the CDS. 

The Firm also enters into tranched index and basket CDS where credit protection is provided on a particular portion of the portfolio loss
distribution. The most junior tranches cover initial defaults, and once losses exceed the notional of the tranche, they are passed on to the next most senior tranche in the capital structure. 

Other Credit Contracts.    The Firm has invested in CLNs and CDOs, which are hybrid instruments containing embedded
derivatives, in which credit protection has been sold to the issuer of the note. If there is a credit event of a reference entity underlying the instrument, the principal balance of the note may not be repaid in full to the Firm.

December 2018 Form 10-K

116

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 5. Investment Securities 

AFS and HTM Securities 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

AmortizedCost

GrossUnrealized
Gains

GrossUnrealized
Losses

FairValue

 AFS securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

$

36,268

$

40

$

656

$

35,652

 U.S. agency securities1

20,740

10

497

20,253

 Total U.S. government andagency
securities

57,008

50

1,153

55,905

 Corporate and other debt:

 Agency CMBS

1,054

—

62

992

 Non-agency
CMBS

461

—

14

447

 Corporate bonds

1,585

—

32

1,553

 State and municipal securities

200

2

—

202

 FFELP student loan ABS2

1,967

10

15

1,962

 Total corporate and other debt

5,267

12

123

5,156

 Total AFS securities

62,275

62

1,276

61,061

 HTM securities

 U.S. government andagency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

17,832

44

403

17,473

 U.S. agency securities1

12,456

8

446

12,018

 Total U.S. government andagency securities

30,288

52

849

29,491

 Corporate and other debt:

 Non-agency
CMBS

483

—

9

474

 Total HTM securities

30,771

52

858

29,965

 Total investment securities

$

93,046

$

114

$

2,134

$

  91,026

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

AmortizedCost

GrossUnrealized
Gains

GrossUnrealized
Losses

FairValue

 AFS debt securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

$

26,842

$

—

$

589

$

26,253

 U.S. agency securities1

22,803

28

247

22,584

 Total U.S. government andagency
securities

49,645

28

836

48,837

 Corporate and other debt:

 Agency CMBS

1,370

2

49

1,323

 Non-agency
CMBS

1,102

—

8

1,094

 Corporate bonds

1,379

5

12

1,372

 CLO

398

1

—

399

 FFELP student loan ABS2

2,165

15

7

2,173

 Total corporate and other debt

6,414

23

76

6,361

 Total AFS debt securities

56,059

51

912

55,198

 AFS equity securities

15

—

10

5

 Total AFS securities

56,074

51

922

55,203

 HTM securities

 U.S. government andagency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

11,424

—

305

11,119

 U.S. agency securities1

11,886

7

220

11,673

 Total U.S. government andagency securities

23,310

7

525

22,792

 Corporate and other debt:

 Non-agency
CMBS

289

1

1

289

 Total HTM securities

23,599

8

526

23,081

 Total investment securities

$

79,673

$

59

$

1,448

$

  78,284

1.

     U.S. agency securities consist mainly of agency-issued debt, agency mortgage
    pass-through pool securities and CMOs. 

2.

     Underlying loans are backed by a guarantee, ultimately from the U.S. Department
    of Education, of at least 95% of the principal balance and interest outstanding. 

117

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment Securities in an Unrealized Loss Position 

At December 31, 2018

Less than 12 Months

12 Months or Longer

Total

$ in millions

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

 AFS securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

$

    19,937

$

541

$

5,994

$

115

$

25,931

$

656

 U.S. agency securities

12,904

383

4,142

114

17,046

497

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

32,841

924

    10,136

229

42,977

1,153

 Corporate and other debt:

 Agency CMBS

808

62

—

—

808

62

 Non-agency CMBS

—

—

446

14

446

14

 Corporate bonds

470

7

1,010

25

1,480

32

 FFELP student loan ABS

1,366

15

—

—

1,366

15

 Total corporate and other debt

2,644

84

1,456

39

4,100

123

 Total AFS securities

35,485

1,008

11,592

268

47,077

1,276

 HTM securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

—

—

11,161

403

11,161

403

 U.S. agency securities

410

1

10,004

445

10,414

446

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

410

1

21,165

848

21,575

849

 Corporate and other debt:

 Non-agency CMBS

206

1

216

8

422

9

 Total HTM securities

616

2

21,381

856

21,997

858

 Total investment securities

$

36,101

$

1,010

$

32,973

$

1,124

$

    69,074

$

2,134

At December 31, 2017

Less than 12 Months

12 Months or Longer

Total

$ in millions

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

Fair Value

GrossUnrealized
Losses

 AFS debt securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

$

21,941

$

495

$

4,287

$

94

$

26,228

$

589

 U.S. agency securities

12,673

192

2,513

55

15,186

247

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

34,614

687

6,800

149

41,414

836

 Corporate and other debt:

 Agency CMBS

930

49

—

—

930

49

 Non-agency CMBS

257

1

559

7

816

8

 Corporate bonds

316

3

389

9

705

12

 FFELP student loan ABS

984

7

—

—

984

7

 Total corporate and other debt

2,487

60

948

16

3,435

76

 Total AFS debt securities

37,101

747

7,748

165

44,849

912

 AFS equity securities

—

—

5

10

5

10

 Total AFS securities

37,101

747

7,753

175

44,854

922

 HTM securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

6,608

86

4,512

219

11,120

305

 U.S. agency securities

2,879

24

7,298

196

10,177

220

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

9,487

110

11,810

415

21,297

525

 Corporate and other debt:

 Non-agency CMBS

124

1

—

—

124

1

 Total HTM securities

9,611

111

11,810

415

21,421

526

 Total investment securities

$

46,712

$

858

$

19,563

$

590

$

66,275

$

1,448

December 2018 Form 10-K

118

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The Firm believes there are no securities in an unrealized loss position that are
other-than-temporarily impaired after performing the analysis described in Note 2. For AFS debt securities, the Firm does not intend to sell the securities and is not likely to be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of the amortized
cost basis. Furthermore, for AFS and HTM debt securities, the securities have not experienced credit losses as the net unrealized losses reported in the previous table are primarily due to higher interest rates since those securities were purchased.

See Note 13 for additional information on securities issued by VIEs, including U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, non-agency CMBS, CLO and FFELP student loan ABS. 

Investment Securities by Contractual Maturity 

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

AmortizedCost

FairValue

AnnualizedAverage
Yield

 AFS securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities:

 Due within 1 year

$

4,419

$

    4,387

1.6%

 After 1 year through 5 years

28,607

28,179

2.0%

 After 5 years through 10 years

3,242

3,086

1.9%

 Total

36,268

35,652

 U.S. agency securities:

 Due within 1 year

434

431

1.0%

 After 1 year through 5 years

796

784

1.2%

 After 5 years through 10 years

1,635

1,583

1.8%

 After 10 years

17,875

17,455

2.2%

 Total

20,740

20,253

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

57,008

55,905

2.0%

 Corporate and other debt:

 Agency CMBS:

 After 1 year through 5 years

283

281

1.4%

 After 5 years through 10 years

21

20

1.2%

 After 10 years

750

691

1.6%

 Total

1,054

992

 Non-agency CMBS:

 After 1 year through 5 years

36

34

2.5%

 After 10 years

425

413

2.4%

 Total

461

447

 Corporate bonds:

 Due within 1 year

70

70

1.7%

 After 1 year through 5 years

1,365

1,335

2.5%

 After 5 years through 10 years

150

148

3.3%

 Total

1,585

1,553

 State and municipal securities:

 After 5 years through 10 years

200

202

3.7%

 Total

200

202

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

AmortizedCost

Fair Value

AnnualizedAverage
Yield

 FFELP student loan ABS:

 After 1 year through 5 years

$

81

$

80

0.8%

 After 5 years through 10 years

307

303

0.8%

 After 10 years

1,579

1,579

1.2%

 Total

1,967

1,962

 Total corporate and other debt

5,267

5,156

1.8%

 Total AFS securities

62,275

61,061

2.0%

 HTM securities

 U.S. government and agency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities:

 Due within 1 year

1,875

1,870

1.2%

 After 1 year through 5 years

7,478

7,435

2.3%

 After 5 years through 10 years

7,753

7,536

2.2%

 After 10 years

726

632

2.3%

 Total

17,832

17,473

 U.S. agency securities:

 After 5 years through 10 years

30

29

1.9%

 After 10 years

12,426

11,989

2.7%

 Total

12,456

12,018

 Total U.S. government and agency securities

30,288

29,491

2.4%

 Corporate and other debt:

 Non-agency CMBS:

 Due within 1 year

65

65

3.5%

 After 1 year through 5 years

70

69

4.4%

 After 5 years through 10 years

302

294

4.0%

 After 10 years

46

46

4.4%

 Total corporate and other debt

483

474

4.1%

 Total HTM securities

30,771

29,965

2.4%

 Total investment securities

$

93,046

$

    91,026

2.1%

Gross Realized Gains (Losses) on Sales of AFS Securities 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Gross realized gains

$

12

$

46

$

133

 Gross realized (losses)

(4

) 

(11

) 

(21

) 

Total
1

$

8

$

35

$

112

1.

 Realized gains and losses are recognized in Other revenues in the income statements. 

6. Collateralized Transactions 

The Firm enters into securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and
securities loaned transactions to, among other things, acquire securities to cover short positions and settle other securities obligations, to accommodate customers’ needs and to finance its inventory positions. 

The Firm manages credit exposure arising from such transactions by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and
collateral agreements with counterparties 

119

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

that provide the Firm, in the event of a counterparty default (such as bankruptcy or a counterparty’s failure to pay or perform), with the right to net a counterparty’s rights and
obligations under such agreement and liquidate and set off collateral held by the Firm against the net amount owed by the counterparty. 

The Firm’s policy is generally to take possession of securities purchased or borrowed in connection with securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities borrowed transactions, respectively, and to receive cash and securities delivered under securities sold under agreements to repurchase or securities loaned transactions (with rights of rehypothecation). In certain
cases, the Firm may be permitted to post collateral to a third-party custodian under a tri-party arrangement that enables the Firm to take control of such collateral in the event of a counterparty default.

The Firm also monitors the fair value of the underlying securities as compared with the related receivable or payable, including accrued
interest, and, as necessary, requests additional collateral, as provided under the applicable agreement to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized, or the return of excess collateral. 

The risk related to a decline in the market value of collateral pledged or received is managed by setting appropriate market-based haircuts.
Increases in collateral margin calls on secured financing due to market value declines may be mitigated by increases in collateral margin calls on securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed transactions with similar
quality collateral. Additionally, the Firm may request lower quality collateral pledged be replaced with higher quality collateral through collateral substitution rights in the underlying agreements. 

The Firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid
assets. The Firm considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties, as defined by its fundability criteria. The Firm utilizes shorter term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established
longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption.

 Offsetting of Certain Collateralized Transactions 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

GrossAmounts

 Amounts

Offset

 Net

AmountsPresented

 Amounts

Not Offset1

NetAmounts

 Assets

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

  262,976

$

  (164,454

) 

$

98,522

$

(95,610

) 

$

2,912

 Securities borrowed

134,711

(18,398

) 

  116,313

  (112,551

) 

    3,762

 Liabilities

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

214,213

$

(164,454

) 

$

49,759

$

(41,095

) 

$

8,664

 Securities loaned

30,306

(18,398

) 

11,908

(11,677

) 

231

 Net amounts for which master netting agreements are not in place or may not be legally
enforceable

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

2,579

 Securities borrowed

724

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

6,762

 Securities loaned

191

At December 31, 2017

 $ in millions

GrossAmounts

AmountsOffset

NetAmounts
Presented

 Amounts

Not Offset1

NetAmounts

 Assets

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

  199,044

$

  (114,786

) 

$

84,258

$

(78,009

) 

$

    6,249

 Securities borrowed

133,431

(9,421

) 

  124,010

  (119,358

) 

4,652

 Liabilities

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

171,210

$

(114,786

) 

$

56,424

$

(48,067

) 

$

8,357

 Securities loaned

23,014

(9,422

) 

13,592

(13,271

) 

321

 Net amounts for which master netting agreements are not in place or may not be legally
enforceable

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

5,687

 Securities borrowed

572

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

6,945

 Securities loaned

307

1.

 Amounts relate to master netting agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the
event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance. 

For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 4.

December 2018 Form 10-K

120

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Gross Secured Financing Balances by Remaining Contractual Maturity 

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

 Overnight

and Open

 Less than

30 Days

30-90
Days

 Over

90 Days

Total

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

56,503

$

93,427

$

    35,692

$

    28,591

$

    214,213

 Securities loaned

18,397

3,609

1,985

6,315

30,306

 Total included in the offsetting disclosure

$

74,900

$

97,036

$

37,677

$

34,906

$

244,519

 Trading liabilities—Obligation to return securities received as
collateral

17,594

—

—

—

17,594

 Total

$

92,494

$

97,036

$

37,677

$

34,906

$

262,113

At December 31, 2017

 $ in millions

 Overnight

and Open

 Less than

30 Days

30-90
Days

 Over

90 Days

Total

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

41,332

$

66,593

$

    28,682

$

    34,603

$

    171,210

 Securities loaned

12,130

873

1,577

8,434

23,014

 Total included in the offsetting disclosure

$

53,462

$

67,466

$

30,259

$

43,037

$

194,224

 Trading liabilities—Obligation to return securities received as
collateral

22,555

—

—

—

22,555

 Total

$

76,017

$

67,466

$

30,259

$

43,037

$

216,779

Gross Secured Financing Balances by Class of Collateral Pledged 

$ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31,2017

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

68,487

$

43,346

 State and municipal securities

925

2,451

 Other sovereign government obligations

120,432

87,141

 ABS

3,017

1,130

 Corporate and other debt

8,719

7,737

 Corporate equities

12,079

28,497

 Other

554

908

 Total

$

214,213

$

171,210

 Securities loaned

 Other sovereign government obligations

$

19,021

$

9,489

 Corporate equities

10,800

13,174

 Other

485

351

 Total

$

30,306

$

23,014

 Total included in the offsetting disclosure

$

244,519

$

194,224

 Trading liabilities—Obligation to return securities received as collateral

 Corporate equities

$

17,594

$

22,555

 Total

$

262,113

$

216,779

Carrying Value of Assets Loaned or Pledged without Counterparty Right to Sell or Repledge 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Trading assets

$

39,430

$

31,324

 Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses)

—

228

 Total

$

39,430

$

31,552

 The Firm pledges its trading assets and loans to collateralize securities sold under agreements
to repurchase, securities loaned, other secured financings and derivatives and to cover customer short sales. Counterparties may or may not have the right to sell or repledge the collateral. 

Pledged financial instruments that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as Trading assets (pledged to various parties)
in the balance sheets. 
Fair Value of Collateral Received with Right to Sell or Repledge 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Collateral received with right to sell or repledge

$

639,610

$

599,244

 Collateral that was sold or repledged1

487,983

475,113

1.

 Does not include securities used to meet federal regulations for the Firm’s broker-dealers.

Restricted Cash and Segregated Securities 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Restricted cash

$

35,356

$

34,231

 Segregated
securities1

26,877

20,549

 Total

$

62,233

$

54,780

1.

 Securities segregated under federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers are sourced from Securities
purchased under agreements to resell and Trading assets in the balance sheets. 

The Firm receives collateral in the form
of securities in connection with securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed, securities-for-securities
 transactions, derivative transactions,
customer margin loans and securities-based lending. In many cases, the Firm is permitted to sell or repledge these securities held as collateral and use the securities to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, to enter into
securities lending and derivative transactions or for delivery to counterparties to cover short positions. 

Concentration Based on the
Firm’s Total Assets 

At 

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 U.S. government and agency securities and other sovereign government obligations:

 Trading
assets1

12

%

9%

 Off balance sheet—Collateral received2

17

%

14%

1.

 Other sovereign government obligations included in Trading assets primarily consist of the U.K., Japan and Brazil.

2.

 Collateral received is primarily related to Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed.

121

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The Firm is subject to concentration risk by holding large positions in certain types of
securities, loans or commitments to purchase securities of a single issuer, including sovereign governments and other entities, issuers located in a particular country or geographic area, public and private issuers involving developing countries or
issuers engaged in a particular industry. 
Positions taken and underwriting and financing commitments, including those made in connection
with the Firm’s private equity, principal investment and lending activities, often involve substantial amounts and significant exposure to individual issuers and businesses, including investment grade and
non-investment grade issuers. 

Customer Margin Lending 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

Customer receivables representing margin loans

$

26,225

$

32,112

The Firm provides margin lending arrangements which allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying
securities. Receivables under margin lending arrangements are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets. Under these agreements and transactions, the Firm receives collateral, including U.S. government and agency
securities, other sovereign government obligations, corporate and other debt, and corporate equities. Customer receivables generated from margin lending activities are collateralized by customer-owned securities held by the Firm. The Firm monitors
required margin levels and established credit terms daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce positions, when necessary. 

Margin loans are extended on a demand basis and generally are not committed facilities. Factors considered in the review of margin loans are
the amount of the loan, the intended purpose, the degree of leverage being employed in the account, and an overall evaluation of the portfolio to ensure proper diversification or, in the case of concentrated positions, appropriate liquidity of the
underlying collateral or potential hedging strategies to reduce risk. Underlying collateral for margin loans is reviewed with respect to the liquidity of the proposed collateral positions, valuation of securities, historic trading range, volatility
analysis and an evaluation of industry concentrations. For these transactions, adherence to the Firm’s collateral policies significantly limits its credit exposure in the event of a customer default. The Firm may request additional margin
collateral from customers, if appropriate, and, if necessary, may sell securities that have not been paid for or purchase securities sold but not delivered from customers.

 Other Secured Financings 

Other secured financings include the liabilities related to transfers of financial assets that are accounted for as financings rather than
sales, consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, and certain ELNs and other secured borrowings. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash flows of the related assets, which are accounted for as Trading
assets (see Notes 11 and 13). 
7. Loans, Lending Commitments and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Loans 

The Firm’s loan portfolio
consists of the following types of loans: 

•

 Corporate.    Corporate loans primarily include commercial and industrial lending
used for general corporate purposes, working capital and liquidity, event-driven loans and asset-backed lending products. Event-driven loans support client merger, acquisition, recapitalization or project finance activities. Corporate loans are
structured as revolving lines of credit, letter of credit facilities, term loans and bridge loans. Risk factors considered in determining the allowance for corporate loans include the borrower’s financial strength, industry, facility structure,
collateral, and covenants along with other qualitative factors. 

•

 Consumer.    Consumer loans include unsecured loans and securities-based lending,
which allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities for any suitable purpose other than purchasing, trading, or carrying securities or refinancing margin debt. The majority of consumer loans are structured as revolving
lines of credit and letter of credit facilities and are primarily offered through the Firm’s Liquidity Access Line program. The allowance methodology for unsecured loans considers the specific attributes of the loan, as well as the
borrower’s source of repayment. The allowance methodology for securities-based lending considers the collateral type underlying the loan (
e.g., diversified securities, concentrated securities or restricted stock). 

•

 Residential Real Estate.    Residential real estate loans mainly include 
non-conforming loans and HELOC. The allowance methodology for 
non-conforming residential mortgage loans considers several factors, including, but not limited to, 
loan-to-value
 ratio, FICO score, home price index and delinquency status. The methodology for HELOC considers credit limits and utilization rates in addition to the factors
considered for 
non-conforming residential mortgages. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

122

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

•

 Wholesale Real Estate.    Wholesale real estate loans include owner-occupied loans
and income-producing loans. The principal risk factors for determining the allowance for wholesale real estate loans are the underlying collateral type, 
loan-to-value

ratio and debt service ratio. 

Loans by Type 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Loans Heldfor Investment

Loans Heldfor Sale

Total Loans

 Corporate

$

36,909

$

13,886

$

50,795 

 Consumer

27,868

—

27,868 

 Residential real estate

27,466

22

27,488 

 Wholesale real estate

7,810

1,856

9,666 

 Total loans, gross

100,053

15,764

115,817 

 Allowance for loan losses

(238

) 

—

(238)

 Total loans, net

$

99,815

$

    15,764

$

115,579 

 Fixed rate loans, net

$

15,632 

 Floating or adjustable rate loans, net

99,947 

 Loans to
non-U.S. borrowers, net

17,568 

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Loans Heldfor Investment

Loans Heldfor Sale

Total Loans

 Corporate

$

29,754

$

9,456

$

39,210 

 Consumer

26,808

—

26,808 

 Residential real estate

26,635

35

26,670 

 Wholesale real estate

9,980

1,682

11,662 

 Total loans, gross

93,177

11,173

104,350 

 Allowance for loan losses

(224

) 

—

(224)

 Total loans, net

$

92,953

$

    11,173

$

    104,126 

 Fixed rate loans, net

$

13,339 

 Floating or adjustable rate loans, net

90,787 

 Loans to
non-U.S. borrowers, net

9,977 

See Note 3 for further information regarding Loans and lending commitments held at fair value. See Note 12 for
details of current commitments to lend in the future. 
Credit Quality 

CRM evaluates new obligors before credit transactions are initially approved and at least annually thereafter for corporate and wholesale real
estate loans. For corporate loans, credit evaluations typically involve the evaluation of financial statements, assessment of leverage, liquidity, capital strength, asset composition and quality, market capitalization and access to capital
markets, cash flow projections and debt service requirements, and the adequacy of collateral, if applicable. 
CRM also evaluates strategy,
market position, industry dynamics, obligor’s management and other factors that could affect an obligor’s risk profile. For wholesale real estate loans, the credit evaluation is focused on property and transaction metrics, including
property type, loan-to-value
 ratio, occupancy levels, debt service ratio, prevailing capitalization

rates and market dynamics. For residential real estate and consumer loans, the initial credit evaluation typically includes, but is not limited to, review of the obligor’s income, net worth,
liquidity, collateral, loan-to-value
 ratio and credit bureau information. Subsequent credit monitoring for residential real estate loans is performed at the portfolio
level. Consumer loan collateral values are monitored on an ongoing basis. 

The Firm utilizes the following credit quality indicators,
which are consistent with U.S. banking agencies’ definitions of criticized exposures, as applicable, in its credit monitoring process for loans held for investment: 

•

 Pass.    A credit exposure rated pass has a continued expectation of timely
repayment, all obligations of the borrower are current, and the obligor complies with material terms and conditions of the lending agreement. 

•

 Special Mention.    Extensions of credit that have potential weakness that deserve
management’s close attention and, if left uncorrected, may, at some future date, result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position. 

•

 Substandard.    Obligor has a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the repayment
of the debt and has a high probability of payment default with the distinct possibility that the Firm will sustain some loss if noted deficiencies are not corrected. 

•

 Doubtful.    Inherent weakness in the exposure makes the collection or repayment in
full, based on existing facts, conditions and circumstances, highly improbable, and the amount of loss is uncertain. 

•

 Loss.    Extensions of credit classified as loss are considered uncollectible and
are charged off. 

Loans considered as Doubtful or Loss are considered impaired. Substandard loans are regularly reviewed
for impairment. For further information, see Note 2. 

123

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Loans Held for Investment before Allowance by Credit Quality 

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

 Residential

Real Estate

 Wholesale

Real Estate

Total

 Pass

$

36,217

$

27,863

$

27,387

$

7,378

$

98,845

 Special mention

492

5

—

312

809

 Substandard

200

—

79

120

399

 Doubtful

—

—

—

—

—

 Loss

—

—

—

—

—

 Total

$

36,909

$

27,868

$

27,466

$

7,810

$

    100,053

At December 31, 2017

 $ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

 Residential

Real Estate

 Wholesale

Real Estate

Total

 Pass

$

29,166

$

26,802

$

26,562

$

9,480

$

92,010

 Special mention

188

6

—

200

394

 Substandard

393

—

73

300

766

 Doubtful

7

—

—

—

7

 Loss

—

—

—

—

—

 Total

$

29,754

$

26,808

$

26,635

$

9,980

$

93,177

Impaired Loans and Lending Commitments before Allowance 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Corporate

ResidentialReal Estate

Total

 Loans

 With allowance

$

24

$

—

$

24

 Without
allowance1

32

69

101

 Total impaired loans

$

56

$

69

$

    125

 UPB

63

70

133

 Lending commitments

 With allowance

$

19

$

—

$

19

 Without
allowance1

34

—

34

 Total impaired lending commitments

53

—

53

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Corporate

ResidentialReal Estate

Total

 Loans

 With allowance

$

16

$

—

$

16

 Without
allowance1

118

45

163

 Total impaired loans

$

134

$

45

$

    179

 UPB

146

46

192

 Lending commitments

 Without
allowance1

$

199

$

—

$

199

1.

 At December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, no allowance was recorded for these loans and lending
commitments as the present value of the expected future cash flows or value of the collateral held equaled or exceeded the carrying value. 

Loans and lending commitments in the previous table have been evaluated for a specific allowance. All remaining loans and lending commitments
are assessed under the inherent allowance methodology.

 Impaired Loans and Total Allowance by Region 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Americas

EMEA

Asia

Total

 Impaired loans

$

125

$

—

$

    —

$

    125

 Total Allowance for loan losses

193

42

3

238

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Americas

EMEA

Asia

Total

 Impaired loans

$

160

$

9

$

    10

$

    179

 Total Allowance for loan losses

194

27

3

224

Troubled Debt Restructurings 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Loans

$

38

$

51

 Lending commitments

45

28

 Allowance for loan losses and lending commitments

4

10

Impaired loans and lending commitments classified as held for investment within corporate loans include TDRs
as shown in the previous table. These restructurings typically include modifications of interest rates, collateral requirements, other loan covenants and payment extensions. 

Allowance for Loan Losses Rollforward 

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

ResidentialReal Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

Total

 December 31, 2017

$

126

$

4

$

24

$

70

$

    224

 Gross charge-offs

(5

) 

—

(1

) 

—

(6

) 

Recoveries1

54

—

—

—

54

 Net recoveries(charge-offs)

49

—

(1

) 

—

48

 Provision
(release)1

(29

) 

3

(3

) 

5

(24

) 

 Other

(2

) 

—

—

(8

) 

(10

) 

 December 31, 2018

$

144

$

7

$

20

$

67

$

238

 Inherent

$

139

$

7

$

20

$

67

$

233

 Specific

5

—

—

—

5

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

ResidentialReal Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

Total

 December 31, 2016

$

195

$

4

$

20

$

55

$

    274

 Gross charge-offs

(75

) 

—

—

—

(75

) 

 Recoveries

1

—

—

—

1

 Net recoveries(charge-offs)

(74

) 

—

—

—

(74

) 

 Provision (release)

5

—

4

13

22

 Other

—

—

—

2

2

 December 31, 2017

$

126

$

4

$

24

$

70

$

224

 Inherent

$

119

$

4

$

24

$

70

$

217

 Specific

7

—

—

—

7

December 2018 Form 10-K

124

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

 Residential

Real Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

Total

 December 31, 2015

$

166

$

5

$

17

$

37

$

    225

 Gross charge-offs

(16

) 

—

(1

) 

—

(17

) 

 Gross recoveries

3

—

—

—

3

 Net recoveries
(charge-offs)

(13

) 

—

(1

) 

—

(14

) 

 Provision (release)

110

(1

) 

4

18

131

 Other2

(68

) 

—

—

—

(68

) 

 December 31, 2016

$

195

$

4

$

20

$

55

$

274

 Inherent

$

133

$

4

$

20

$

55

$

212

 Specific

62

—

—

—

62

1.

 During 2018 the release was primarily due to the recovery of an energy industry related loan charged off in 2017.

2.

 The reduction is primarily related to loans of $492 million that were transferred to loans held for sale during
2016. 

Allowance for Lending Commitments Rollforward 

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

ResidentialReal Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

    Total    

 December 31, 2017

$

194

$

1

$

—

$

3

$

198 

 Provision (release)

7

1

—

1

9 

 Other

(3)

—

—

(1)

(4)

 December 31, 2018

$

198

$

2

$

—

$

3

$

203 

 Inherent

$

193

$

2

$

—

$

3

$

    198 

 Specific

5

—

—

—

5 

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

ResidentialReal Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

Total

 December 31, 2016

$

185

$

1

$

—

$

4

$

190 

 Provision (release)

8

—

—

(1

) 

7 

 Other

1

—

—

—

1 

 December 31, 2017

$

194

$

1

$

—

$

3

$

198 

 Inherent

$

192

$

1

$

—

$

3

$

196 

 Specific

2

—

—

—

2 

$ in millions

Corporate

Consumer

 Residential

Real Estate

WholesaleReal Estate

Total

 December 31, 2015

$

180

$

1

$

—

$

4

$

185 

 Provision (release)

13

—

—

—

13 

 Other

(8

) 

—

—

—

(8)

 December 31, 2016

$

185

$

1

$

—

$

4

$

190 

 Inherent

$

185

$

1

$

—

$

4

$

190 

 Specific

—

—

—

—

— 

Employee Loans 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Balance

$

3,415

$

4,185 

 Allowance for loan losses

(63

) 

(77)

 Balance, net

$

3,352

$

4,108 

 Repayment term range, in years

1 to 20

1 to 20 

Employee loans are granted in conjunction with a program established to retain and recruit certain Wealth
Management representatives, are full recourse and generally require periodic

repayments. These loans are recorded in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets. The Firm establishes an allowance for loan amounts it does not consider recoverable, and the related
provision is recorded in Compensation and benefits expense. 
8. Equity Method Investments 

Overview 

Equity method investments,
other than certain investments in funds, are summarized below and are included in Other assets in the balance sheets with related income or loss included in Other revenues in the income statements. See the Fund Interests Measured Based on Net Asset
Value table in Note 3 for the carrying value of the Firm’s fund interests, which are comprised of general and limited partnership interests, as well as any related performance-based fees in the form of carried interest. 

Equity Method Investment Balances 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Investments

$

            2,432

$

2,623

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Income
(loss)1

$

          20

$

        (34

) 

$        (79)

1.

 Includes impairments of the Investment Management business segment’s interest in a third-party asset manager of
$46 million in 2018 and $53 million in 2017. 

Japanese Securities Joint Venture 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Income from investment in MUMSS

$

       105

$

        123

$

         93

Included in equity method investments is the Firm’s 40% voting interest in Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley
Securities Co., Ltd. (“MUMSS”). Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (“MUFG”) holds the other 60% voting interest in MUMSS. The Firm accounts for its equity method investment in MUMSS within the Institutional Securities business
segment. 
9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

The Firm completed its annual
goodwill impairment testing as of July 1, 2018 and July 1, 2017. The Firm’s impairment testing for each period did not indicate any goodwill impairment, as each of the Firm’s reporting units with goodwill had a fair value that
was substantially in excess of its carrying value. 

125

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Goodwill Rollforward 

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

 At December 31, 20161

$

275

$

5,533

$

769

$

6,577 

 Foreign currency and other

20

—

—

20 

 At December 31, 20171

$

295

$

5,533

$

769

$

6,597 

 Foreign currency and other

(21

) 

—

—

(21)

 Acquired

—

—

112

112 

 At December

 31, 2018
1

$

        274

$

        5,533

$

        881

$

      6,688 

 Accumulated
impairments2

673

—

27

700 

IS—Institutional Securities 
WM—Wealth
Management 
IM—Investment Management 

1.

 Balances represent cumulative the amount of the Firm’s goodwill after accumulated impairments.

2.

 Balances represent cumulative amounts at December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 of impairments recognized prior to
2016. 

Intangible Assets by Business Segment 

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

 Amortizable intangibles

$

349

$

2,092

$

4

$

2,445 

 Mortgage servicing rights

—

3

—

3 

 At December 31, 2017

$

349

$

2,095

$

4

$

2,448 

 Amortizable intangibles

$

270

$

1,828

$

60

$

2,158 

 Mortgage servicing rights

2

3

—

5 

 At December 31, 2018

$

        272

$

        1,831

$

        60

$

      2,163 

Gross Amortizable Intangible Assets by Type 

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

 Trademarks

$

3

$

1

$

1

$

— 

 Tradename

283

59

283

50 

 Customer relationships

4,067

2,446

4,059

2,193 

 Management contracts

507

311

503

299 

 Other

175

60

329

188 

 Total

$

        5,035

$

2,877

$

        5,175

$

2,730 

 Estimated annual amortization expense for the next five
years

$

296 

Net Amortizable Intangible Assets Rollforward 

$ in millions

        IS        

        WM        

        IM        

      Total    

 At December 31, 2016

$

346

$

2,361

$

11

$

2,718 

 Acquired

51

—

—

51 

 Disposals

(15

) 

—

—

(15)

 Amortization expense

(33

) 

(269

) 

(7

) 

(309)

 At December 31, 2017

$

349

$

2,092

$

4

$

2,445 

 Acquired

—

—

66

66 

 Disposals

(6

) 

—

—

(6)

 Amortization expense

(70

) 

(264

) 

(10

) 

(344)

 Other

(3

) 

—

—

(3)

 At December 31, 2018

$

        270

$

        1,828

$

        60

$

        2,158 

 10. Deposits 

Deposits 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Savings and demand deposits

$

154,897

$

144,487 

 Time deposits

32,923

14,949 

 Total

$

187,820

$

159,436 

 Deposits subject to FDIC insurance

$

144,515

$

127,017 

 Time deposits that equal or exceed the FDIC insurance limit

$

11

$

38 

Time Deposit Maturities 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

 2019

$

17,111 

 2020

10,580 

 2021

2,249 

 2022

997 

 2023

1,795 

 Thereafter

191 

11. Borrowings and Other Secured Financings 

Maturities and Terms of Borrowings 

 Parent Company

 Subsidiaries

 At

December 31,2018

 At

December 31,2017

$ in millions

Fixed    Rate

 Variable    Rate
1

Fixed    Rate

 Variable    Rate
1

 Original maturities of one year or less:

 Next 12 months

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

1,545

    $

1,545

    $

1,519

 Original maturities greater than one year:

 2018

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

    $

—

    $

23,870

 2019

12,749

7,100

26

4,819

24,694

24,549

 2020

10,957

7,618

13

2,692

21,280

21,414

 2021

13,434

7,774

18

3,416

24,642

19,063

 2022

6,450

8,519

16

1,800

16,785

17,586

 2023

8,419

3,134

13

2,372

13,938

9,868

 Thereafter

55,966

14,127

131

16,554

86,778

74,713

 Total

$

107,975

$

48,272

$

217

$

31,653

    $

188,117

    $

191,063

 Total borrowings

$

  107,975

$

  48,272

$

      217

$

  33,198

    $

189,662

    $

192,582

 Weighted average coupon

 at period end2

3.8%

2.6%

6.4%

N/M

3.5%

3.3%

1.

 Variable rate borrowings bear interest based on a variety of indices, including LIBOR and federal funds rates. Amounts
include notes carried at fair value with various payment provisions, including notes linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures, and
instruments with various interest-rate-related features including step-ups, step-downs, and zero coupons. 

2.

 Includes only borrowings with original maturities greater than one year. Weighted average coupon is calculated
utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected. Virtually all of the variable rate notes issued by subsidiaries are carried at
fair value so a weighted average coupon is not meaningful. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

126

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Senior

$

178,027

$

180,835 

 Subordinated

10,090

10,228 

 Total

$

188,117

$

191,063 

 Weighted average stated maturity, in years

6.5

6.6 

Certain senior debt securities are denominated in various non-U.S.
dollar currencies and may be structured to provide a return that is linked to equity, credit, commodity or other indices (
e.g., the consumer price index). Senior debt also may be structured to be callable by the Firm or extendible at the
option of holders of the senior debt securities. 

Senior Debt—Structured Borrowings. The Firm’s Borrowings include notes
carried and managed on a fair value basis. These include instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of
credit exposures, and instruments with various interest-rate-related features including 
step-ups, step-downs, and zero coupons. To minimize the exposure from such instruments, the Firm has entered into various
swap contracts and purchased options that effectively convert the borrowing costs into floating rates. The Firm generally carries the entire structured borrowing at fair value. The swaps and purchased options used to economically hedge the embedded
features are derivatives and also are carried at fair value. Changes in fair value related to the notes and economic hedges are reported in Trading revenues. See Notes 2 and 3 for further information on structured borrowings. 

Senior Debt Subject to Put Options or Liquidity Obligations 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Put options embedded in debt agreements

$

520

$

3,023 

 Liquidity
obligations1

$

1,284

$

1,414 

1.

 Includes obligations to support secondary market trading. 

Subordinated Debt

  2018  

  2017  

 Contractual weighted average coupon

4.5%

4.5%

 Subordinated debt generally is issued to meet the capital requirements of the Firm or its
regulated subsidiaries and primarily is U.S. dollar denominated. Maturities of subordinated notes range from 2022 to 2027. 
Asset and Liability
Management 

In general, other than securities inventories financed by secured funding sources, the majority of the Firm’s assets
are financed with a combination of deposits, short-term funding, floating rate long-term debt or fixed rate long-term debt swapped to a floating rate. The Firm uses interest rate swaps to more closely match these borrowings to the duration, holding
period and interest rate characteristics of the assets being funded and to manage interest rate risk. These swaps effectively convert certain of the Firm’s fixed rate borrowings into floating rate obligations. In addition, for non-U.S. dollar currency borrowings that are not used to fund assets in the same currency, the Firm has entered into currency swaps that effectively convert the borrowings into U.S. dollar obligations. 

The Firm’s use of swaps for asset and liability management affects its effective average borrowing rate. 

Rates for Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year 

At December 31,

  2018  

  2017  

  2016  

 Contractual weighted average coupon1

3.5%

3.3%

3.7%

 Effective weighted average coupon after swaps

3.6%

2.5%

2.5%

1.

 Weighted average coupon was calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar
interest rates and excludes financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected. 

Other Secured Financings by
Original Maturity and Type 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Original maturities:

 Greater than one year

$

6,772

$

8,685 

 One year or less

2,036

2,034 

 Failed sales

658

552 

 Total

$

9,466

$

11,271 

127

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Maturities and Terms of Secured Financings 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

 Fixed

Rate

VariableRate
1

Total

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Original maturities of one year or less:

 Next 12 months

$

        2,036

$

—

$

2,036

$

2,034 

 Original maturities greater than one year:

 2018

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

4,992 

 2019

159

5,741

5,900

2,637 

 2020

197

402

599

505 

 2021

1

—

1

2 

 2022

1

85

86

151 

 2023

—

26

26

398 

 Thereafter

74

86

160

— 

 Total

$

432

$

6,340

$

        6,772

$

8,685 

 Weighted average coupon
at period-end
2

3.9%

2.4%

2.5%

1.7%

1.

 Variable rate borrowings bear interest based on a variety of indices, including LIBOR and federal funds rates. Amounts
include notes carried at fair value with various payment provisions, including notes linked to equity, credit, commodity or other indices. 

2.

 Includes only other secured financings with original maturities greater than one year. Weighted average coupon is
calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes secured financings that are linked to 
non-interest indices and for which the fair value option
was elected. 

Other secured financings include the liabilities related to certain ELNs, transfers of financial assets
that are accounted for as financings rather than sales, pledged commodities, consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and other secured borrowings. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash flows of the
related assets accounted for as Trading assets. See Note 13 for further information on other secured financings related to VIEs and securitization activities. 

Failed Sales by Maturity 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 2018

$

—

$

22 

 2019

40

4 

 2020

62

109 

 2021

29

69 

 2022

33

59 

 2023

—

— 

 Thereafter

494

289 

 Total

$

658

$

552 

For transfers that fail to meet the accounting criteria for a sale, the Firm continues to recognize the assets
in Trading assets at fair value, and the Firm recognizes the associated

liabilities in Other secured financings at fair value in the balance sheets. 
The
assets transferred to certain unconsolidated VIEs in transactions accounted for as failed sales cannot be removed unilaterally by the Firm and are not generally available to the Firm. The related liabilities are also
non-recourse to the Firm. In certain other failed sale transactions, the Firm has the right to remove assets or provides additional recourse through derivatives such as total return swaps, guarantees or other
forms of involvement. 

12. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 

Commitments 

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Lessthan 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Lending:

 Corporate

$

12,132

$

30,294

$

47,955

$

6,910

$

97,291 

 Consumer

7,145

1

11

—

7,157 

 Residential and wholesale real estate

75

544

408

253

1,280 

 Forward-startingsecured financing receivables

85,541

—

—

3,700

89,241 

 Underwriting

687

—

—

—

687 

 Investment activities

509

82

16

267

874 

 Letters of credit
andother financial guarantees

180

1

—

39

220 

 Total

$

  106,269

$

  30,922

$

  48,390

$

  11,169

$

  196,750 

 Corporate lending commitments participated to third
parties

$

8,078 

 Forward-starting secured financing receivables settled
within three business days

$

80,559 

Since commitments associated with these instruments may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily
reflect the actual future cash funding requirements. 
Types of Commitments 

Lending Commitments.  Lending commitments primarily represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide
funding to clients for different types of loan transactions. This category also includes commitments in loan form provided to clearinghouses or associated depositories of which the Firm is a member and are contingent upon the default of a
clearinghouse member or other stress event. For syndications that are led by the Firm, the lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed are net of the amounts agreed to by counterparties that will participate in the syndication.
For syndications that the Firm participates in and does not lead, lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed include only the amount that the Firm expects it will be allocated from the lead syndicate bank. Due to the nature of
the Firm’s obligations under the 

December 2018 Form 10-K

128

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

commitments, these amounts include certain commitments participated to third parties. 

Forward-Starting Secured Financing Receivables.  This amount includes securities purchased under agreements to resell and
securities borrowed that the Firm has entered into prior to the balance sheet date that will settle after the balance sheet date. Also included are commitments to enter into securities purchased under agreements to resell that are provided to
certain clearinghouses or associated depositories of which the Firm is a member and are contingent upon the default of a clearinghouse member or other stress event. These transactions are primarily secured by collateral from U.S. government agency
securities and other sovereign government obligations when they are funded. 

Underwriting Commitments.  The Firm provides
underwriting commitments in connection with its capital raising sources to a diverse group of corporate and other institutional clients. 

Investment Activities.  The Firm sponsors several 
non-consolidated investment
management funds for third-party investors where it typically acts as general partner of, and investment advisor to, these funds and typically commits to invest a minority of the capital of such funds, with subscribing third-party investors
contributing the majority. The Firm has contractual capital commitments, guarantees and counterparty arrangements with respect to these investment management funds. 

Letters of Credit and Other Financial Guarantees.  The Firm has outstanding letters of credit and other financial guarantees
issued by third-party banks to certain of the Firm’s counterparties. The Firm is contingently liable for these letters of credit and other financial guarantees, which are primarily used to provide collateral for securities and commodities
traded and to satisfy various margin requirements in lieu of depositing cash or securities with these counterparties. 

Premises and
Equipment.  The Firm has 
non-cancelable operating leases covering premises and equipment. Future minimum rental commitments under such leases (net of sublease commitments, principally on office
rentals) were as follows: 

Operating Premises Leases 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

 2019

$

677 

 2020

657 

 2021

602 

 2022

555 

 2023

507 

 Thereafter

2,639 

 Total

$

5,637 

 Total minimum rental income to be received in the future under non-cancelable operating subleases

$

7 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Rent expense

$

        753

$

        704

$

        689 

Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally provide for rent and operating expense
escalations resulting from increased assessments for real estate taxes and other charges. 
Guarantees 

 Obligations under Guarantee Arrangements at December 31,2018

Maximum Potential Payout/Notional

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

 Credit derivatives

$

42,347

$

50,658

$

102,231

$

28,793

$

224,029

 Other credit contracts

—

—

—

116

116

Non-credit derivatives

 1,826,642

 1,398,077

 454,910

 600,312

 4,279,941

 Standby letters of credit
and other financial guarantees issued1

1,017

978

1,326

4,914

8,235

 Market value guarantees

83

126

26

—

235

 Liquidity facilities

4,449

—

—

—

4,449

 Whole loan sales guarantees

—

1

—

23,210

23,211

 Securitization representations and warranties

—

—

—

63,552

63,552

 General partner guarantees

9

112

160

44

325

$ in millions

CarryingAmount
(Asset)/
Liability

Collateral/  Recourse  

 Credit
derivatives2

$

1,384

$

—

 Other credit contracts

14

—

 Non-credit derivatives
2

53,434

—

 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued1

(226

) 

6,901

 Market value guarantees

—

124

 Liquidity facilities

(5

) 

7,353

 Whole loan sales guarantees

9

—

 Securitization representations and warranties3

42

—

 General partner guarantees

71

—

1.

 These amounts include certain issued standby letters of credit participated to third parties, totaling
$0.6 billion of notional and collateral/recourse, due to the nature of the Firm’s obligations under these arrangements. 

2.

 Carrying amounts of derivative contracts are shown on a gross basis prior to cash collateral or counterparty netting.
For further information on derivative contracts, see Note 4. 

3.

 Primarily related to residential mortgage securitizations. 

Types of Guarantees 

Derivative Contracts.

Certain derivative contracts meet the accounting definition of a guarantee, including
certain written options, contingent forward contracts and CDS (see Note 4 regarding credit derivatives in which the Firm has sold credit protection to the counterparty). All derivative contracts that

129

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

could meet this accounting definition of a guarantee are included in the previous table, with the notional amount used as the maximum potential payout for certain derivative contracts, such as
written interest rate caps and written foreign currency options. 
In certain situations, collateral may be held by the Firm for those
contracts that meet the definition of a guarantee. Generally, the Firm sets collateral requirements by counterparty so that the collateral covers various transactions and products and is not allocated specifically to individual contracts. Also, the
Firm may recover amounts related to the underlying asset delivered to the Firm under the derivative contract. 
Standby Letters of
Credit and Other Financial Guarantees Issued. In connection with its corporate lending business and other corporate activities, the Firm provides standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees to counterparties. Such arrangements
represent obligations to make payments to third parties if the counterparty fails to fulfill its obligation under a borrowing arrangement or other contractual obligation. A majority of the Firm’s standby letters of credit are provided on behalf
of counterparties that are investment grade. 

Market Value Guarantees.    Market value guarantees are issued to
guarantee timely payment of a specified return to investors in certain affordable housing tax credit funds. These guarantees are designed to return an investor’s contribution to a fund and the investor’s share of tax losses and tax credits
expected to be generated by a fund. 

Liquidity Facilities. The Firm has entered into liquidity facilities with SPEs and other
counterparties, whereby the Firm is required to make certain payments if losses or defaults occur. Primarily, the Firm acts as liquidity provider to municipal bond securitization SPEs and for standalone municipal bonds in which the holders of
beneficial interests issued by these SPEs or the holders of the individual bonds, respectively, have the right to tender their interests for purchase by the Firm on specified dates at a specified price. The Firm often may have recourse to the
underlying assets held by the SPEs in the event payments are required under such liquidity facilities, as well as make-whole or recourse provisions with the trust sponsors. Primarily all of the underlying assets in the SPEs are investment grade.
Liquidity facilities provided to municipal tender option bond trusts are classified as derivatives. 

Whole Loan Sales
Guarantees.

The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain whole loan sales. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to
repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties are breached. The Firm’s maximum potential payout related to such representations

and warranties is equal to the current UPB of such loans. Since the Firm no longer services these loans, it has no information on the current UPB of those loans, and accordingly, the amount
included in the previous table represents the UPB at the time of the whole loan sale or at the time when the Firm last serviced any of those loans. The current UPB balances could be substantially lower than the maximum potential payout amount
included in the previous table. The related liability primarily relates to sales of loans to the federal mortgage agencies. 

Securitization Representations and Warranties.    As part of the Firm’s Institutional Securities business
segment’s securitizations and related activities, the Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm. The
extent and nature of the representations and warranties, if any, vary among different securitizations. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to repurchase certain assets or make other payments related to such assets if such
representations and warranties are breached. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Firm could be required to make would be equal to the current outstanding balances of, or losses associated with, the assets subject to breaches of such
representations and warranties. The amount included in the previous table for the maximum potential payout includes the current UPB or historical losses where known, and the UPB at the time of sale when the current UPB is not known. 

General Partner Guarantees
.

As a general partner in certain investment management funds, the Firm receives certain
distributions from the partnerships related to achieving certain return hurdles according to the provisions of the partnership agreements. The Firm may be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event
the limited partners do not achieve a certain return as specified in the various partnership agreements, subject to certain limitations. 

Other
Guarantees and Indemnities 

In the normal course of business, the Firm provides guarantees and indemnifications in a variety of
transactions. These provisions generally are standard contractual terms. Certain of these guarantees and indemnifications are described below: 

•

 Indemnities.    The Firm provides standard indemnities to counterparties for
certain contingent exposures and taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock lending transactions, certain annuity products and other financial arrangements. These
indemnity payments could be required based on a change in the tax laws, a change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings or a

December 2018 Form 10-K

130

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

change in factual circumstances. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Firm to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The maximum potential amount of future
payments that the Firm could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated. 

•

 Exchange/Clearinghouse Member Guarantees.    The Firm is a member of various U.S.
and 
non-U.S. exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or derivative contracts. Associated with its membership, the Firm may be required to pay a certain amount as determined by the
exchange or the clearinghouse in case of a default of any of its members or pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member that may default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. While the rules governing
different exchange or clearinghouse memberships and the forms of these guarantees may vary, in general the Firm’s obligations under these rules would arise only if the exchange or clearinghouse had previously exhausted its resources.

In addition, some clearinghouse rules require members to assume a proportionate share of losses
resulting from the clearinghouse’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin, and of other losses unrelated to the default of a clearing member, if such losses exceed the specified resources allocated for such purpose by the
clearinghouse. 
The maximum potential payout under these rules cannot be estimated. The Firm has not recorded any
contingent liability in its financial statements for these agreements and believes that any potential requirement to make payments under these agreements is remote. 

•

 Merger and Acquisition Guarantees.    The Firm may, from time to time, in its role
as investment banking advisor be required to provide guarantees in connection with certain European merger and acquisition transactions. If required by the regulating authorities, the Firm provides a guarantee that the acquirer in the merger and
acquisition transaction has or will have sufficient funds to complete the transaction and would then be required to make the acquisition payments in the event the acquirer’s funds are insufficient at the completion date of the transaction.
These arrangements generally cover the time frame from the transaction offer date to its closing date and, therefore, are generally short term in nature. The Firm believes the likelihood of any payment by the Firm under these arrangements is remote
given the level of its due diligence in its role as investment banking advisor.

 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Firm guarantees the debt and/or certain
trading obligations (including obligations associated with derivatives, foreign exchange contracts and the settlement of physical commodities) of certain subsidiaries. These guarantees generally are entity or product specific and are required by
investors or trading counterparties. The activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries covered by these guarantees (including any related debt or trading obligations) are included in the financial statements. 

Contingencies 

Legal. In addition
to the matters described below, in the normal course of business, the Firm has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with its
activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. In some cases,
the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress. These actions have included, but are not limited to, residential mortgage and credit crisis-related matters. 

While the Firm has identified below any individual proceedings where the Firm believes a material loss to be reasonably possible and
reasonably estimable, there can be no assurance that material losses will not be incurred from claims that have not yet been asserted or are not yet determined to be probable or possible and reasonably estimable losses. 

The Firm contests liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. Where available information indicates that it
is probable a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the Firm can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, the Firm accrues the estimated loss by a charge to income. 

$ in millions

  2018  

  2017  

  2016  

 Legal expenses

$

        206

$

        342

$

        263

The Firm’s future legal expenses may fluctuate from period to period, given the current environment
regarding government investigations and private litigation affecting global financial services firms, including the Firm. 
In many
proceedings and investigations, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss. In addition, even where a loss is possible or an exposure to loss exists in excess
of the liability already accrued with respect to a previously recognized loss contingency, it is not always possible to reasonably estimate the size of the possible loss or range of loss.

131

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 For certain legal proceedings and investigations, the Firm cannot reasonably estimate such
losses, particularly for proceedings and investigations where the factual record is being developed or contested or where plaintiffs or government entities seek substantial or indeterminate damages, restitution, disgorgement or penalties. Numerous
issues may need to be resolved, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages or other relief, and by addressing
novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings or investigations in question, before a loss or additional loss or range of loss or additional range of loss can be reasonably estimated for a proceeding or investigation. 

For certain other legal proceedings and investigations, the Firm can estimate reasonably possible losses, additional losses, ranges of loss or
ranges of additional loss in excess of amounts accrued but does not believe, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that such losses will have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s financial statements as a whole,
other than the matters referred to in the following paragraphs. 
On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank
(“CDIB”) filed a complaint against the Firm, styled China 
Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley

 & Co. Incorporated et al., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New
York County (“Supreme Court of NY”). The complaint relates to a $275 million CDS referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 
2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud,
fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that the Firm misrepresented the risks of the STACK 
2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that the Firm knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality
when it entered into the CDS with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the CDS, rescission of CDIB’s obligation to pay an additional
$12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On February 28, 2011, the court denied the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On December 21, 2018, the court denied the Firm’s motion for summary
judgment and granted in part the Firm’s motion for sanctions relating to spoliation of evidence. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $240 million plus 
pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. On January 18, 2019, CDIB filed a motion to clarify and resettle the portion of the court’s December 21, 2018 order granting spoliation sanctions. On January 24,
2019, CDIB filed a notice of appeal from the court’s December 21, 2018 order, and on January 25, 2019, the Firm filed a notice of appeal from the same order. 

On July 8, 2013, U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as trustee, filed a complaint against the Firm styled U.S. Bank
National Association, solely in its capacity as

Trustee of the Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2AX (MSM 
2007-2AX) v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital
Holdings LLC, 
Successor-by-Merger
 to Morgan

Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc. and GreenPoint Mortgage Funding, Inc., pending in the Supreme Court of NY. The
complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and alleges, among other things, that the loans in the trust, which had an original principal balance of approximately $650 million, breached various representations and warranties. The complaint
seeks, among other relief, specific performance of the loan breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, unspecified damages and interest. On August 22, 2013, the Firm filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted in part
and denied in part on November 24, 2014. On August 13, 2018, the Firm filed a motion to renew its motion to dismiss. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to
approximately $240 million, the total original unpaid balance of the mortgage loans for which the Firm received repurchase demands that it did not repurchase, plus 
pre- and post-judgment interest, fees
and costs, but plaintiff is seeking to expand the number of loans at issue and the possible range of loss could increase. 

On
September 19, 2014, Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (“FGIC”) filed a complaint against the Firm in the Supreme Court of NY, styled Financial Guaranty Insurance 
Company v. Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. et al.
relating to a securitization issued by Basket of Aggregated Residential NIMS 
2007-1 Ltd. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and alleges, among other things, that the net interest margin
securities (“NIMS”) in the trust breached various representations and warranties. FGIC issued a financial guaranty policy with respect to certain notes that had an original balance of approximately $475 million. The complaint seeks,
among other relief, specific performance of the NIMS breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, unspecified damages, reimbursement of certain payments made pursuant to the transaction documents, attorneys’ fees and interest. On
November 24, 2014, the Firm filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which the court denied on January 19, 2017. On September 13, 2018, the Appellate Division, First Department, affirmed the lower court’s order denying the
Firm’s motion to dismiss. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $126 million, the unpaid balance of these notes, plus

pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs, as well as claim payments that FGIC has made and will make in the future. 

On September 23, 2014, FGIC filed a complaint against the Firm in the Supreme Court of NY styled Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
v. Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. et al. relating to the Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
2007-NC4. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and fraudulent inducement and alleges,
among other things, that the loans in the trust breached various representations and warranties and defendants made untrue statements

December 2018 Form 10-K

132

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

and material omissions to induce FGIC to issue a financial guaranty policy on certain classes of certificates that had an original balance of approximately $876 million. The complaint seeks,
among other relief, specific performance of the loan breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, compensatory, consequential and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and interest. On January 23, 2017, the court denied the
Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On September 13, 2018, the Appellate Division, First Department, affirmed in part and reversed in part the lower court’s order denying the Firm’s motion to dismiss. On December 20,
2018, the Appellate Division denied plaintiff’s motion for leave to appeal the decision of the Appellate Division, First Department, to the New York Court of Appeals or, in the alternative, for reargument. Based on currently available
information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $277 million, the total original unpaid balance of the mortgage loans for which the Firm received repurchase demands from a certificate holder and
FGIC that the Firm did not repurchase, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs, as well as claim payments that FGIC has made and will make in the future. In addition, plaintiff is seeking to
expand the number of loans at issue and the possible range of loss could increase. 

On January 23, 2015, Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company, in its capacity as trustee, filed a complaint against the Firm styled Deutsche Bank National Trust Company 
solely in its capacity as Trustee of the Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust
2007-NC4 v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC as 
Successor-by-Merger
 to Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., and
Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc.
, pending in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and alleges, among other things, that the loans in the trust, which had an original principal balance of approximately
$1.05 billion, breached various representations and warranties. The complaint seeks, among other relief, specific performance of the loan breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, compensatory, consequential, rescissory, equitable
and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and other related expenses, and interest. On December 11, 2015, the court granted in part and denied in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On October 19, 2018, the court
granted the Firm’s motion for leave to amend its answer and to stay the case pending resolution of Deutsche Bank National Trust Company’s appeal to the New York Court of Appeals in another case. On January 17, 2019, the First
Department reversed the trial court’s order to the extent that it had granted in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up
to approximately $277 million, the total original unpaid balance of the mortgage loans for which the Firm received repurchase demands from a certificate holder and a monoline insurer that

the Firm did not repurchase, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs, but plaintiff is seeking to expand the number of loans at issue and the
possible range of loss could increase. 

In matters styled Case number 15/3637 and 
Case number 15/4353, the Dutch Tax
Authority (“Dutch Authority”) has challenged, in the District Court in Amsterdam, the prior 
set-off by the Firm of approximately €124 million (approximately $142 million) plus accrued
interest of withholding tax credits against the Firm’s corporation tax liabilities for the tax years 2007 to 2013. The Dutch Authority alleges that the Firm was not entitled to receive the withholding tax credits on the basis, inter alia, that
a Firm subsidiary did not hold legal title to certain securities subject to withholding tax on the relevant dates. The Dutch Authority has also alleged that the Firm failed to provide certain information to the Dutch Authority and keep adequate
books and records. A hearing took place in this matter on September 19, 2017. On April 26, 2018, the District Court in Amsterdam issued a decision dismissing the Dutch Authority’s claims. On June 4, 2018, the Dutch Authority filed an
appeal before the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam in matters re-styled 
Case number 18/00318 and 
Case number 18/00319. A hearing of the Dutch Authority’s appeal has been scheduled for June 26, 2019. Based on currently available
information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately €124 million (approximately $142 million) plus accrued interest. 

13. Variable Interest Entities and Securitization Activities 

Overview 

The Firm is involved with
various SPEs in the normal course of business. In most cases, these entities are deemed to be VIEs. 
The Firm’s variable interests in
VIEs include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, derivative instruments and certain fees. The Firm’s involvement with VIEs arises primarily from: 

•

 Interests purchased in connection with market-making activities, securities held in its Investment securities
portfolio and retained interests held as a result of securitization activities, including re-securitization transactions. 

•

 Guarantees issued and residual interests retained in connection with municipal bond securitizations.

•

 Loans made to and investments in VIEs that hold debt, equity, real estate or other assets.

•

 Derivatives entered into with VIEs.

133

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

•

 Structuring of CLNs or other asset-repackaged notes designed to meet the investment objectives of clients.

•

 Other structured transactions designed to provide tax-efficient yields
to the Firm or its clients. 

The Firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE upon its initial
involvement with the VIE and reassesses whether it is the primary beneficiary on an ongoing basis as long as it has any continuing involvement with the VIE. This determination is based upon an analysis of the design of the VIE, including the
VIE’s structure and activities, the power to make significant economic decisions held by the Firm and by other parties, and the variable interests owned by the Firm and other parties. 

The power to make the most significant economic decisions may take a number of different forms in different types of VIEs. The Firm considers
servicing or collateral management decisions as representing the power to make the most significant economic decisions in transactions such as securitizations or CDOs. As a result, the Firm does not consolidate securitizations or CDOs for which it
does not act as the servicer or collateral manager unless it holds certain other rights to replace the servicer or collateral manager or to require the liquidation of the entity. If the Firm serves as servicer or collateral manager, or has certain
other rights described in the previous sentence, the Firm analyzes the interests in the VIE that it holds and consolidates only those VIEs for which it holds a potentially significant interest in the VIE. 

For many transactions, such as re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaged notes,
there are no significant economic decisions made on an ongoing basis. In these cases, the Firm focuses its analysis on decisions made prior to the initial closing of the transaction and at the termination of the transaction. The Firm concluded in
most of these transactions that decisions made prior to the initial closing were shared between the Firm and the initial investors based upon the nature of the assets, including whether the assets were issued in a transaction sponsored by the Firm
and the extent of the information available to the Firm and to investors, the number, nature and involvement of investors, other rights held by the Firm and investors, the standardization of the legal documentation and the level of continuing
involvement by the Firm, including the amount and type of interests owned by the Firm and by other investors. The Firm focused its control decision on any right held by the Firm or investors related to the termination of the VIE. Most 
re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaged notes have no such termination rights.

 Consolidated VIEs 

 Assets and Liabilities by Type of Activity

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

VIE Assets

VIE Liabilities

VIE Assets

VIE Liabilities

 OSF

$

267

$

—

$

378

$

3

 MABS1

59

38

249

210

 Other2

809

48

1,174

250

 Total

$

1,135

$

86

$

1,801

$

463

OSF—Other structured financings 

1.

 Amounts include transactions backed by residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans and other types of
assets, including consumer or commercial assets. The value of assets is determined based on the fair value of the liabilities and the interests owned by the Firm in such VIEs as the fair values for the liabilities and interests owned are more
observable. 

2.

 Other primarily includes investment funds, certain operating entities and structured transactions. During 2018, Other
included a fund managed by Mesa West Capital, LLC (which was acquired by the Firm in the first quarter of 2018), until the fund was deconsolidated in the fourth quarter of 2018 due to the termination of a credit facility provided by the Firm to this
fund. 

 Assets and Liabilities by Balance Sheet Caption

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

77

$

69

 Restricted cash

171

222

 Trading assets at fair value

314

833

 Customer and other receivables

25

19

 Goodwill

18

18

 Intangible assets

128

155

 Other assets

402

485

 Total

$

1,135

$

1,801

 Liabilities

 Other secured financings

$

64

$

438

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses

22

25

 Total

$

86

$

463

 Noncontrolling interests

$

106

$

189

Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities are presented in the previous tables after intercompany eliminations.
Most assets owned by consolidated VIEs cannot be removed unilaterally by the Firm and are not generally available to the Firm. Most related liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are non-recourse to the Firm.
In certain other consolidated VIEs, the Firm either has the unilateral right to remove assets or provides additional recourse through derivatives such as total return swaps, guarantees or other forms of involvement. 

In general, the Firm’s exposure to loss in consolidated VIEs is limited to losses that would be absorbed on the VIE net assets recognized
in its financial statements, net of amounts absorbed by third-party variable interest holders. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

134

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Non-consolidated VIEs 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

MABS

CDO

MTOB

OSF

Other

 VIE assets (UPB)

$

    71,287

$

    10,848

$

7,014

$

3,314

$

    19,682

 Maximum exposure to loss1

 Debt and equity interests

$

8,234

$

1,169

$

—

$

1,622

$

4,645

 Derivative and other contracts

—

—

4,449

—

1,768

 Commitments, guarantees and other

397

3

—

235

327

 Total

$

8,631

$

1,172

$

    4,449

$

    1,857

$

6,740

 Carrying value of exposure to loss—Assets

 Debt and equity interests

$

8,234

$

1,169

$

—

$

1,205

$

4,645

 Derivative and other contracts

—

—

6

—

87

 Total

$

8,234

$

1,169

$

6

$

1,205

$

4,732

 Additional VIE assets owned2

$

11,969

 Carrying value of exposure to loss—Liabilities

 Derivative and other contracts

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

185

 Total

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

185

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

MABS

CDO

MTOB

OSF

Other

 VIE assets (UPB)

$

    89,288

$

    9,807

$

    5,306

$

    3,322

$

    31,934

 Maximum exposure to loss1

 Debt and equity interests

$

10,657

$

1,384

$

80

$

1,628

$

4,730

 Derivative and other contracts

—

—

3,333

—

1,686

 Commitments, guarantees and other

1,214

668

—

164

433

 Total

$

11,871

$

2,052

$

3,413

$

1,792

$

6,849

 Carrying value of exposure to loss—Assets

 Debt and equity interests

$

10,657

$

1,384

$

43

$

1,202

$

4,730

 Derivative and other contracts

—

—

5

—

184

 Total

$

10,657

$

1,384

$

48

$

1,202

$

4,914

 Additional VIE assets owned2

$

11,318

MTOB—Municipal tender option bonds 

1.

 Where notional amounts are utilized in quantifying the maximum exposure related to derivatives, such amounts do not
reflect changes in fair value recorded by the Firm. 

2.

 Additional VIE assets owned represents the carrying value of total exposure to
non-consolidated VIEs for which the maximum exposure to loss is less than specific thresholds, primarily interests issued by securitization SPEs. The Firm’s primary risk exposure is to the most
subordinate class of beneficial interest and maximum exposure to loss generally equals the fair value of the assets owned. These assets are primarily included in Trading assets and Investment securities and are measured at fair value (see Note 3).
The Firm does not provide additional support in these transactions through contractual facilities, guarantees or similar derivatives. 

The majority of the VIEs included in the previous tables are sponsored by unrelated parties; the Firm’s involvement generally is the
result of its secondary market-making activities, securities held in its Investment securities portfolio (see Note 5) and certain investments in funds.

 The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss is dependent on the nature of the Firm’s variable
interest in the VIE and is limited to: 

•

 notional amounts of certain liquidity facilities; 

•

 other credit support; 

•

 total return swaps; 

•

 written put options; and 

•

 fair value of certain other derivatives and investments the Firm has made in the VIE. 

The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss in the previous tables does not include the offsetting benefit of hedges or any reductions associated
with the amount of collateral held as part of a transaction with the VIE or any party to the VIE directly against a specific exposure to loss. 

Liabilities issued by VIEs generally are non-recourse to the Firm. 

Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securitization Assets 

At December 31, 2018

    At December 31, 2017 

$ in millions

UPB

 Debt and

EquityInterests

UPB

 Debt and

EquityInterests

 Residential mortgages

$

6,954

$

745

$

15,636

$

1,272

 Commercial mortgages

42,974

1,237

46,464

2,331

 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations

14,969

3,443

16,223

3,439

 Other consumer or commercial loans

6,390

2,809

10,965

3,615

 Total

$

    71,287

$

8,234

$

    89,288

$

10,657

Securitization Activities 

In a securitization transaction, the Firm transfers assets (generally commercial or residential mortgage loans or U.S. agency securities) to
an SPE, sells to investors most of the beneficial interests, such as notes or certificates, issued by the SPE, and, in many cases, retains other beneficial interests. The purchase of the transferred assets by the SPE is financed through the sale of
these interests. 
In many securitization transactions involving commercial mortgage loans, the Firm transfers a portion of the assets to
the SPE with unrelated parties transferring the remaining assets. 
In some of these transactions, primarily involving residential mortgage
loans in the U.S., the Firm serves as servicer for some or all of the transferred loans. In many securitizations, particularly involving residential mortgage loans, the Firm also enters into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps or
interest rate caps, with the SPE. 

135

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs in
securitization transactions. As a market maker, the Firm offers to buy these securities from, and sell these securities to, investors. Securities purchased through these market-making activities are not considered to be retained interests; these
beneficial interests generally are included in Trading assets—Corporate and other debt and are measured at fair value. 
The Firm
enters into derivatives, generally interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, with a senior payment priority in many securitization transactions. The risks associated with these and similar derivatives with SPEs are essentially the same as similar
derivatives with non-SPE counterparties and are managed as part of the Firm’s overall exposure. See Note 4 for further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities. 

Available-for-Sale
 Securities 

The Firm holds AFS issued by VIEs not sponsored by the Firm within the Investment securities portfolio. These securities are composed of those
related to transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies and the most senior securities issued by VIEs backed by student loans, automobile loans, commercial mortgage loans or CLOs. Transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies
include an explicit or implicit guarantee provided by the U.S. government. See Note 5 for further information on the Investment Securities Portfolio. 

Municipal Tender Option Bond Trusts 

In a municipal tender option bond trust transaction, the client transfers a municipal bond to a trust. The trust issues short-term securities
that the Firm, as the remarketing agent, sells to investors. The client generally retains a residual interest. The short-term securities are supported by a liquidity facility pursuant to which the investors may put their short-term interests. In
some programs, the Firm provides this liquidity facility; in most programs, a third-party provider will provide such liquidity facility. 

The Firm may, in lieu of purchasing short term securities for remarketing, decide to extend a temporary loan to the trust. The client can
generally terminate the transaction at any time. The liquidity provider can generally terminate the transaction upon the occurrence of certain events. When the transaction is terminated, the municipal bond is generally sold or returned to the
client. Any losses suffered by the liquidity provider upon the sale of the bond are the responsibility of the client. This obligation is generally collateralized. Liquidity facilities provided to municipal tender option bond trusts are classified as
derivatives. The Firm consolidates any municipal tender option bond trusts in which it holds the residual interest.

 Credit Protection Purchased through Credit-Linked Notes 

CLN transactions are designed to provide investors with exposure to certain credit risk on referenced asset. In these transactions, the Firm
transfers assets (generally high-quality securities or money market investments) to an SPE, enters into a derivative transaction in which the SPE sells protection on an unrelated referenced asset or group of assets, through a credit derivative, and
sells the securities issued by the SPE to investors. In some transactions, the Firm may also enter into interest rate or currency swaps with the SPE. 

Upon the occurrence of a credit event related to the referenced asset, the SPE will deliver securities collateral as payment to the Firm,
which exposes the Firm to changes in the collateral’s value. Depending on the structure, the assets and liabilities of the SPE may be recognized in the Firm’s balance sheets or accounted for as a sale of assets and the SPE is not
consolidated. 
Derivative payments by the SPE are collateralized. The risks associated with these and similar derivatives with SPEs are
essentially the same as those with non-SPE counterparties, and are managed as part of the Firm’s overall exposure. 

Other Structured Financings 

The Firm invests in interests issued by entities that develop and own low-income communities
(including 
low-income housing projects) and entities that construct and own facilities that will generate energy from renewable resources. The interests entitle the Firm to a share of tax credits and tax
losses generated by these projects. In addition, the Firm has issued guarantees to investors in certain 
low-income housing funds. The guarantees are designed to return an investor’s contribution to a fund
and the investor’s share of tax losses and tax credits expected to be generated by the fund. The Firm is also involved with entities designed to provide 
tax-efficient yields to the Firm or its clients.

Collateralized Loan and Debt Obligations 

CLOs and CDOs are SPEs that purchase a pool of assets consisting of corporate loans, corporate bonds, ABS or synthetic exposures on similar
assets through derivatives, and issues multiple tranches of debt and equity securities to investors. The Firm underwrites the securities issued in CLO transactions on behalf of unaffiliated sponsors and provides advisory services to these
unaffiliated sponsors. The Firm sells corporate loans to many of these SPEs, in some cases representing a significant portion of the total assets purchased. Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs
in these transactions and may retain unsold securities. These beneficial interests are included in Trading assets and are measured at fair value.

December 2018 Form 10-K

136

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Equity-Linked Notes 

ELN transactions are designed to provide investors with exposure to certain risks related to the specific equity security, equity index or
other index. In an ELN transaction, the Firm typically transfers to an SPE either a note issued by the Firm, the payments on which are linked to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index, or other index, or debt securities
issued by other companies and a derivative contract, the terms of which will relate to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index or other index. These ELN transactions with SPEs were not consolidated at December 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017. 
Transfers of Assets with Continuing Involvement

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

 RML

CML

U.S. AgencyCMO

 CLN and

Other1

 SPE assets
(UPB)2

$

    14,376

$

    68,593

$

16,594

$

    14,608

 Retained interests

 Investment grade

$

17

$

483

$

1,573

$

3

 Non-investment grade (fair
value)

4

212

—

210

 Total

$

21

$

695

$

1,573

$

213

 Interests purchased in the secondary market (fair value)

 Investment grade

$

7

$

91

$

102

$

—

 Non-investment grade

28

71

—

—

 Total

$

35

$

162

$

102

$

—

 Derivative assets (fair value)

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

216

 Derivative liabilities (fair value)

—

—

—

178

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

 RML

CML

U.S. AgencyCMO

 CLN and

Other1

 SPE assets
(UPB)2

$

    15,555

$

    62,744

$

11,612

$

    17,060

 Retained interests

 Investment grade

$

—

$

293

$

407

$

4

 Non-investment grade (fair
value)

1

98

—

478

 Total

$

1

$

391

$

407

$

482

 Interests purchased in the secondary market (fair value)

 Investment grade

$

—

$

94

$

439

$

—

 Non-investment grade

16

66

—

4

 Total

$

16

$

160

$

439

$

4

 Derivative assets (fair value)

$

1

$

—

$

—

$

226

 Derivative liabilities (fair value)

—

—

—

85

RML—Residential mortgage loans 

CML—Commercial mortgage loans 

1.

 Amounts include CLO transactions managed by unrelated third parties. 

2.

 Amounts include assets transferred by unrelated transferors.

Fair Value at December 31, 2018    

$ in millions

Level 2    

Level 3    

Total    

 Retained interests

 Investment grade

$

1,580

$

13

$

1,593

 Non-investment grade

174

252

426

 Total

$

1,754

$

265

$

2,019

 Interests purchased in the secondary market

 Investment grade

$

193

$

7

$

200

 Non-investment grade

83

16

99

 Total

$

276

$

23

$

299

 Derivative assets

$

121

$

95

$

216

 Derivative liabilities

175

3

178

Fair Value at December 31, 2017    

$ in millions

Level 2    

Level 3    

Total    

 Retained interests

 Investment grade

$

407

$

4

$

411

 Non-investment grade

22

555

577

 Total

$

429

$

559

$

988

 Interests purchased in the secondary market

 Investment grade

$

531

$

2

$

533

 Non-investment grade

57

29

86

 Total

$

588

$

31

$

619

 Derivative assets

$

78

$

149

$

227

 Derivative liabilities

81

4

85

The previous tables include transactions with SPEs in which the Firm, acting as principal, transferred
financial assets with continuing involvement and received sales treatment. 
Transferred assets are carried at fair value prior to
securitization, and any changes in fair value are recognized in the income statements. The Firm may act as underwriter of the beneficial interests issued by these securitization vehicles, for which Investment banking revenues are recognized. The
Firm may retain interests in the securitized financial assets as one or more tranches of the securitization. These retained interests are generally carried at fair value in the balance sheets with changes in fair value recognized in the income
statements. 
Proceeds from New Securitization Transactions and Sales of Loans 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 New
transactions1

$

    23,821

$

    23,939

$

    18,975

 Retained interests

2,904

2,337

2,701

 Sales of corporate loans to CLO SPEs1, 2

317

191

475

1.

 Net gains on new transactions and sales of corporate loans to CLO entities at the time of the sale were not material
for all periods presented. 

2.

 Sponsored by non-affiliates. 

The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in
securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm (see Note 12). 

137

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Assets Sold with Retained Exposure 

$ in millions

 At

December 31,  2018

 At

December 31,  2017

 Gross cash proceeds from sale of assets1

$

27,121

$

19,115

 Fair value

 Assets sold

$

26,524

$

19,138

 Derivative assets recognized in the balance sheets

164

176

 Derivative liabilities recognized in the balance sheets

763

153

1.

 The carrying value of assets derecognized at the time of sale approximates gross cash proceeds.

The Firm enters into transactions in which it sells securities, primarily equities and contemporaneously enters into
bilateral OTC derivatives with the purchasers of the securities, through which it retains exposure to the sold securities. 
14. Regulatory Requirements

Regulatory Capital Framework 

The Firm is an FHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is subject to the regulation and oversight of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for the Firm, including well-capitalized standards, and evaluates the Firm’s compliance with such capital requirements.
The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for MSBNA and MSPBNA (collectively, the “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”). The regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 

The
Firm is required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements. A summary of the calculations of regulatory capital, RWA and transition provisions follows. 

Minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2
capital). Certain adjustments to and deductions from capital are required for purposes of determining these ratios, such as goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, other amounts in AOCI and investments in the capital instruments of
unconsolidated financial institutions. 
In addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, the Firm is subject to the
following buffers in 2019: 

•

 A greater than 2.5% Common Equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer;

•

 The Common Equity Tier 1 G-SIB capital surcharge, currently at 3%; and

•

 Up to a 2.5% Common Equity Tier 1 CCyB, currently set by U.S. banking agencies at zero. 

In 2018 and 2017, each of the buffers was 75% and 50%, respectively, of the fully phased-in 2019
requirement noted above. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on the Firm’s ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to
executive officers. 

Risk-Weighted Assets 

RWA reflects both the Firm’s on- and 
off-balance sheet
risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following: 

•

 Credit risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to the Firm;

•

 Market risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities,
correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and 

•

 Operational risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events
(e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets). 

The Firm’s
risk-based capital ratios for purposes of determining regulatory compliance are the lower of the capital ratios computed under (i) the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”)
and (ii) the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”). At December 31, 2018, the Firm’s risk-based capital ratios are based on the Standardized
Approach rules, while at December 31, 2017, the ratios were based on the Standardized Approach transitional rules. 
The Firm’s
Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios 

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio    

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

8.6%

$

62,086

16.9%

 Tier 1 capital

10.1%

70,619

19.2%

 Total capital

12.1%

80,052

21.8%

 Total RWA

367,309

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

4.0%

$

70,619

8.4%

 Adjusted average
assets2

843,074

 SLR3

5.0%

70,619

6.5%

 Supplementary leverage exposure4

    1,092,672

December 2018 Form 10-K

138

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio5    

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

7.3%

$

61,134

16.5%

 Tier 1 capital

8.8%

69,938

18.9%

 Total capital

10.8%

80,275

21.7%

 Total RWA

    369,578

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

4.0%

$

69,938

8.3%

 Adjusted average
assets2

842,270

1.

 Percentages represent minimum required regulatory capital ratios—for risk-based capital, the ratios are under
the transitional rules. 

2.

 Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily
balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets under U.S. GAAP during the quarters ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, adjusted for disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, certain
deferred tax assets, certain investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions and other adjustments. 

3.

 The SLR became effective as a capital standard on January 1, 2018. 

4.

 Supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of Adjusted average assets used in the Tier 1 leverage ratio and other
adjustments, primarily (i) potential future exposure for derivative exposures, gross-up for cash collateral netting where qualifying criteria are not met, and the effective notional principal amount of
sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection; (ii) the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; and (iii) the credit equivalent amount for 
off-balance sheet
exposures. 

5.

 For risk- and leverage-based capital, regulatory compliance at December 31, 2017 was determined based on capital
ratios calculated under transitional rules. 

U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios 

The OCC establishes capital requirements for the Firm’s U.S. Bank Subsidiaries and evaluates their compliance with such capital
requirements. Regulatory capital requirements for the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are calculated in a similar manner to the Firm’s regulatory capital requirements, although G-SIB capital surcharge requirements
do not apply to the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. 

The OCC’s regulatory capital framework includes Prompt Corrective Action
(“PCA”) standards, including “well-capitalized” PCA standards that are based on specified regulatory capital ratio minimums. For the Firm to remain an FHC, the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance
with the OCC’s PCA standards. In addition, failure by the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements may result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material
effect on the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ and the Firm’s financial statements. 
At December 31, 2018, the U.S. Bank
Subsidiaries’ risk-based capital ratios are based on the Standardized Approach rules, while at December 31, 2017, the ratios were based on the Standardized Approach transitional rules. In each period, the ratios exceeded well-capitalized
requirements. 

 MSBNA’s Regulatory Capital 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio      

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5%

$

        15,221

19.5%

 Tier 1 capital

8.0%

15,221

19.5%

 Total capital

10.0%

15,484

19.8%

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

5.0%

$

15,221

10.5%

 SLR2

6.0%

15,221

8.2%

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio3     

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5%

$

        15,196

20.5%

 Tier 1 capital

8.0%

15,196

20.5%

 Total capital

10.0%

15,454

20.8%

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

5.0%

$

15,196

11.8%

MSPBNA’s Regulatory Capital 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio     

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5%

$

        7,183

25.2%

 Tier 1 capital

8.0%

7,183

25.2%

 Total capital

10.0%

7,229

25.4%

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

5.0%

$

7,183

10.0%

 SLR2

6.0%

7,183

9.6%

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Required    Ratio
1    

Amount

Ratio3     

 Risk-based capital

 Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5%

$

6,215

24.4%

 Tier 1 capital

8.0%

6,215

24.4%

 Total capital

10.0%

6,258

24.6%

 Leverage-based capital

 Tier 1 leverage

5.0%

$

        6,215

9.7%

1.

 Ratios that are required in order to be considered well-capitalized for U.S. regulatory purposes.

2.

 The SLR became effective as a capital standard on January 1, 2018. 

3.

 For risk- and leverage-based capital, regulatory compliance at December 31, 2017 was determined based on capital
ratios calculated under transitional rules. 

U.S. Broker-Dealer Regulatory Capital Requirements 

MS&Co. Regulatory Capital 

$ in millions

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017

 Net capital

$

13,797

$

10,142

 Excess net capital

11,333

8,018

139

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 MS&Co. is a registered U.S. broker-dealer and registered futures commission merchant and,
accordingly, is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC and the CFTC. MS&Co. has consistently operated with capital in excess of its regulatory capital requirements. 

As an Alternative Net Capital broker-dealer, and in accordance with the market and credit risk standards of Appendix E of SEC Rule 15c3-1, MS&Co. is subject to minimum net capital and tentative net capital requirements. In addition, MS&Co. must notify the SEC if its tentative net capital falls below certain levels. At December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017, MS&Co. has exceeded its net capital requirement and has tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements. 

MSSB LLC Regulatory Capital 

$ in millions

At December 31, 2018

At December 31, 2017 

 Net capital

$                            
3,455

$                            
2,567 

 Excess net capital

3,313

2,400 

MSSB LLC is a registered U.S. broker-dealer and introducing broker for the futures business and, accordingly,
is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. MSSB LLC has consistently operated with capital in excess of its regulatory capital requirements. 

Other Regulated Subsidiaries 

MSIP, a
London-based broker-dealer subsidiary, is subject to the capital requirements of the PRA, and MSMS, a Tokyo-based broker-dealer subsidiary, is subject to the capital requirements of the Financial Services Agency. MSIP and MSMS have consistently
operated with capital in excess of their respective regulatory capital requirements. 
Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries of the Firm are subject to various securities, commodities and banking regulations, and capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the countries in
which they operate. These subsidiaries have consistently operated with capital in excess of their local capital adequacy requirements.

 Restrictions on Payments 

The regulatory capital requirements referred to above, and certain covenants contained in various agreements governing indebtedness of the
Firm, may restrict the Firm’s ability to withdraw capital from its subsidiaries. The following table represents net assets of consolidated subsidiaries that may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the Parent
Company. 

$ in millions

 At

December 31,

2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Restricted net assets

$                        29,222

$                            
29,894 

15. Total Equity 

Morgan Stanley Shareholders’ Equity 

Common
Stock 

Rollforward of Common Stock Outstanding 

in millions

2018

2017  

 Shares outstanding at beginning of period

1,788

1,852 

 Treasury stock purchases1

(110

) 

(92) 

Other2

22

28  

 Shares outstanding at end of period

1,700

1,788  

1.

 The Firm’s Board has authorized the repurchase of the Firm’s outstanding stock under a share repurchase
program (“Share Repurchase Program”). In addition to the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program, Treasury stock purchases include repurchases of common stock for employee tax withholding. 

2.

 Other includes net shares issued to and forfeited from Employee stock trusts and issued for RSU conversions.

Share Repurchases 

$ in millions

2018

2017

 Repurchases of common stock under the Firm’s Share Repurchase
Program

$            4,860

$            3,750 

The Firm’s 2018 Capital Plan (“Capital Plan”) includes the share repurchase of up to
$4.7 billion of outstanding common stock for the period beginning July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019. Additionally, the Capital Plan includes quarterly common stock dividends of up to $0.30 per share.

December 2018 Form 10-K

140

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 On April 18, 2018, the Firm entered into a sales plan with MUFG, whereby MUFG sells shares
of the Firm’s common stock to the Firm, as part of the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program. The sales plan is only intended to maintain MUFG’s ownership percentage below 24.9% in order to comply with MUFG’s passivity commitments
to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and will have no impact on the strategic alliance between MUFG and the Firm, including the joint ventures in Japan. 

Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program, the Firm considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as stock-based
compensation and benefit plan requirements. Share repurchases under the program will be exercised from time to time at prices the Firm deems appropriate subject to various factors, including the Firm’s capital position and market conditions.
The share repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, and may be suspended at any time. Share repurchases by the Firm
are subject to regulatory approval. 

Employee Stock Trusts 

The Firm has established Employee stock trusts to provide common stock voting rights to certain employees who hold outstanding RSUs. The
assets of the Employee stock trusts are consolidated with those of the Firm, and the value of the stock held in the Employee stock trusts is classified in Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity and generally accounted for in a manner similar to
treasury stock. 
Preferred Stock Outstanding 

SharesOutstanding

Carrying Value

$ in millions,except per
share data

AtDecember 31,
2018

LiquidationPreference
per Share

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Series

 A

44,000

$

25,000

$

1,100

$

1,100 

 C1

519,882

1,000

408

408 

 E

34,500

25,000

862

862 

 F

34,000

25,000

850

850 

 G

20,000

25,000

500

500 

 H

52,000

25,000

1,300

1,300 

 I

40,000

25,000

1,000

1,000 

 J

60,000

25,000

1,500

1,500 

 K

40,000

25,000

1,000

1,000 

 Total

$

    8,520

$

    8,520 

1.

 Series C is composed of the issuance of 1,160,791 shares of Series C Preferred Stock to MUFG for an aggregate purchase
price of $911 million, less the redemption of 640,909 shares of Series C Preferred Stock of $503 million, which were converted to common shares of approximately $705 million.

 The Firm is authorized to issue 30 million shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock
has a preference over the common stock upon liquidation. The Firm’s preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital in accordance with regulatory capital requirements (see Note 14). 

Preferred Stock Issuance Description 

 Depositary

Shares 
per Share

Redemption

Series1, 2

SharesIssued

Priceper Share
3

Date4

 A

44,000

1,000

$        25,000

July 15, 2011

 C5

1,160,791

N/A

1,100

October 15, 2011

 E

34,500

1,000

25,000

October 15, 2023

 F

34,000

1,000

25,000

January 15, 2024

 G

20,000

1,000

25,000

July 15, 2019

 H

52,000

25

25,000

July 15, 2019

 I

40,000

1,000

25,000

October 15, 2024

 J

60,000

25

25,000

July 15, 2020

 K

40,000

1,000

25,000

April 15, 2027

1.

 All shares issued are non-cumulative. Each share has a par value of $0.01, except Series C. 

2.

 Dividends on Series A are based on a floating rate, and dividends on Series C and G are based on a fixed rate.
Dividends on all other Series are based on a fixed-to-floating rate. 

3.

 Series A and C are redeemable at the redemption price plus accrued and unpaid dividends, regardless of whether
dividends are actually declared, up to but excluding the date of redemption. All other Series are redeemable at the redemption price plus any declared and unpaid dividends, up to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 

4.

 Series A and C are redeemable at the Firm’s option, in whole or in part, on or after the redemption date. All
other Series are redeemable at the Firm’s option (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after the redemption date or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital
treatment event (as described in the terms of that series). 

5.

 Series C is non-voting perpetual preferred stock. Dividends on the Series C preferred stock are payable, on a
non-cumulative basis, as and if declared by the Board, in cash, at the rate of 10% per annum of the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. 

Preferred Stock Dividends 

 $ in millions,

except per

share data

2018

2017

2016

 Per 

Share1

Total

 Per

Share1

Total

 Per

Share1

Total

 Series

 A

$      1,011

$      45

$      1,014

$      45

$    1,017

$      45 

 C

100

52

100

52

100

52 

 E

1,781

61

1,781

61

1,781

62 

 F

1,719

58

1,719

58

1,719

58 

 G

1,656

33

1,656

33

1,656

33 

 H

1,363

71

1,363

71

1,363

71 

 I

1,594

64

1,594

64

1,594

64 

 J

1,388

83

1,388

83

1,388

83 

 K

1,463

59

1,402

56

N/A

N/A

 Total

$    526

$    523

$    468 

1.

 Dividends on all series are payable quarterly, except for Series H and J, which are payable semiannually until
July 15, 2019 and July 15, 2020, respectively, and then quarterly thereafter. 

141

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss)1 

$ in millions

ForeignCurrency
Translation
Adjustments

AFS Securities

Pensions,Postretirement
and Other

DVA

Total

 December 31, 2015

$    (963)

$    (319)

$    (374)

$

—

$    (1,656) 

 Cumulative adjustment for accounting change2

—

—

—

(312

) 

(312) 

 OCI during the period

(23

) 

(269

) 

(100

) 

(283

) 

(675) 

 December 31, 2016

(986

) 

(588

) 

(474

) 

(595

) 

(2,643) 

 OCI during the period

219

41

(117

) 

(560

) 

(417) 

 December 31, 2017

(767

) 

(547

) 

(591

) 

(1,155

) 

(3,060) 

 Cumulative adjustment for accounting changes3

(8

) 

(111

) 

(124

) 

(194

) 

(437) 

 OCI during the period

(114

) 

(272

) 

137

1,454

1,205  

 December 31, 2018

$    (889

) 

$    (930

) 

$    (578

) 

$

105

$    (2,292) 

1.

 Amounts are net of tax and noncontrolling interests. 

2.

 In accordance with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, a 
cumulative catch-up adjustment was recorded as of January 1, 2016, to move the cumulative unrealized DVA amount related to outstanding
liabilities under the fair value option election from Retained earnings into AOCI. 

3.

 The cumulative adjustment for accounting changes is primarily the effect of the adoption of the accounting update
Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This adjustment was recorded as of January 1, 2018 to reclassify certain income tax effects related to enactment of the Tax Act from AOCI to Retained
earnings, primarily related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21%. See Note 2 for further information. 

Components of Period Changes in OCI 

2018
1

  $ in millions

Pre-tax
Gain
(Loss)

IncomeTax Benefit
(Provision)

After-tax
Gain
(Loss)

 Non-

controllingInterests

Net

   Foreign currency translation adjustments

   OCI activity

$

(11

) 

$

(79

) 

$

(90

) 

$

24

$

(114) 

   Reclassified to earnings

—

—

—

—

—  

   Net OCI

$

(11

) 

$

(79

) 

$

(90

) 

$

24

$

(114) 

  Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

   OCI activity

$

(346

) 

$

80

$

(266

) 

$

—

$

(266) 

   Reclassified to earnings

(8

) 

2

(6

) 

—

(6) 

   Net OCI

$

(354

) 

$

82

$

(272

) 

$

—

$

(272) 

  Pension,
postretirement and other

   OCI activity

$

156

$

(37

) 

$

119

$

—

$

119  

   Reclassified to earnings

26

(8

) 

18

—

18  

   Net OCI

$

182

$

(45

) 

$

137

$

—

$

137  

  Change in net
DVA

   OCI activity

$

1,947

$

(472

) 

$

1,475

$

63

$

1,412  

   Reclassified to earnings

56

(14

) 

42

—

42  

   Net OCI

$

2,003

$

(486

) 

$

1,517

$

63

$

1,454  

2017

  $ in millions

Pre-tax
Gain
(Loss)

IncomeTax
Benefit
(Provision)

After-tax
Gain
(Loss)

 Non-

controllingInterests

Net

   Foreign currency translation adjustments

   OCI activity

$

64

$

187

$

251

$

32

$

219  

   Reclassified to earnings

—

—

—

—

—  

   Net OCI

$

64

$

187

$

251

$

32

$

219  

  Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

   OCI activity

$

100

$

(36

) 

$

64

$

—

$

64  

   Reclassified to earnings

(35

) 

12

(23

) 

—

(23) 

   Net OCI

$

65

$

(24

) 

$

41

$

—

$

41  

  Pension,
postretirement and other

   OCI activity

$

(193

) 

$

75

$

(118

) 

$

—

$

(118) 

   Reclassified to earnings

2

(1

) 

1

—

1  

   Net OCI

$

(191

) 

$

74

$

(117

) 

$

—

$

(117) 

  Change in net
DVA

   OCI activity

$

(922

) 

$

325

$

(597

) 

$

(28

) 

$

(569) 

   Reclassified to earnings

12

(3

) 

9

—

9  

   Net OCI

$

(910

) 

$

322

$

(588

) 

$

(28

) 

$

(560) 

20162

  $ in millions

Pre-tax
Gain
(Loss)

IncomeTax
Benefit
(Provision)

After-tax
Gain
(Loss)

 Non-

controllingInterests

Net

   Foreign currency translation adjustments

   OCI activity

$

(24

) 

$

9

$

(15

) 

$

12

$

(27) 

   Reclassified to earnings

4

—

4

—

4  

   Net OCI

$

(20

) 

$

9

$

(11

) 

$

12

$

(23) 

  Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

   OCI activity

$

(313

) 

$

116

$

(197

) 

$

—

$

(197) 

   Reclassified to earnings

(113

) 

41

(72

) 

—

(72) 

   Net OCI

$

(426

) 

$

157

$

(269

) 

$

—

$

(269) 

  Pension,
postretirement and other

   OCI activity

$

(162

) 

$

64

$

(98

) 

$

—

$

(98) 

   Reclassified to earnings

(3

) 

1

(2

) 

—

(2) 

   Net OCI

$

(165

) 

$

65

$

(100

) 

$

—

$

(100) 

  Change in net
DVA

   OCI activity

$

(429

) 

$

153

$

(276

) 

$

(13

) 

$

(263) 

   Reclassified to earnings

(31

) 

11

(20

) 

—

(20) 

   Net OCI

$

(460

) 

$

164

$

(296

) 

$

(13

) 

$

(283) 

1.

 Exclusive of cumulative adjustments related to the adoption of certain accounting updates in 2018. Refer to the table
below and Note 2 for further information. 

2.

 Exclusive of 2016 cumulative adjustment for accounting change related to DVA. 

Cumulative Adjustments to Retained Earnings Related to Adoption of Accounting Updates 

$ in millions

2018

 Revenues from contracts with customers

$            (32) 

 Derivatives and hedging—targeted improvements to accounting
for hedging activities

(99) 

 Reclassification of certain tax effects from AOCI

443  

Other1

(6) 

 Total

$            306  

December 2018 Form 10-K

142

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

$ in millions

2017

 Improvements to employee share-based payment accounting2

$            (30) 

 Intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory

(5) 

 Total

$            (35) 

1.

 Other includes the adoption of accounting updates related to Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities (other than the provision around presenting unrealized DVA in OCI, which the Firm early adopted in 2016) and 
Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets. The impact of these adoptions on Retained earnings was not
significant. 

2.

 In 2017, in accordance with the adoption of a provision of the accounting update Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting, the Firm has elected to account for forfeitures on an actual basis as they occur. Upon adoption, the Firm recorded a cumulative 
catch-up adjustment. 

Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 

Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments include gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements
from their respective functional currencies to U.S. dollars, net of hedge gains or losses and related tax effects. The Firm uses foreign currency contracts to manage the currency exposure relating to its net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries and determines the amount of exposure to hedge on a 
pre-tax basis. The Firm may also elect not to hedge its net investments in
certain foreign operations due to market conditions or other reasons, including the availability of various currency contracts at acceptable costs. Information relating to the effects on cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments that
resulted from the translation of foreign currency financial statements and from gains and losses from hedges of the Firm’s net investments in 
non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries is summarized
in the following table. 

Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 

 $ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

  Associated with net investments in subsidiaries with a non-U.S. dollar functional currency

$

(1,851

) 

$

(1,434) 

  Hedges, net of tax

              962

            667  

  Total

$

(889

) 

$

(767) 

  Carrying value of net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries subject to hedges

$

11,608

$

10,139  

 16. Earnings per Common Share 

Calculation of Basic and Diluted EPS 

in millions, except for per share data

2018

2017

2016

 Income from continuing operations

$      8,887

$      6,235

$      6,122 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(4

) 

(19

) 

1 

 Net income

8,883

6,216

6,123 

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

135

105

144 

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

8,748

6,111

5,979 

 Preferred stock dividends and other

526

523

471 

 Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common
shareholders

$      8,222

$      5,588

$      5,508 

Basic EPS

 Weighted average common shares outstanding

1,708

1,780

1,849 

 Earnings per basic common share

 Income from continuing operations

$      4.81

$      3.15

$      2.98 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

—

(0.01

) 

— 

 Earnings per basic common share

$      4.81

$      3.14

$      2.98 

Diluted EPS

 Weighted average common shares outstanding

1,708

1,780

1,849 

 Effect of dilutive securities:

 Stock options and RSUs

30

41

38 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding and common stock
equivalents

1,738

1,821

1,887 

 Earnings per diluted common share

 Income from continuing operations

$      4.73

$      3.08

$      2.92 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

—

(0.01

) 

— 

 Earnings per diluted common share

$      4.73

$      3.07

$      2.92 

 Weighted average antidilutive RSUs and stock options (excluded from
the computation of diluted EPS)

1

—

13 

143

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 17. Interest Income and Interest Expense 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Interest income

Investment securities

$

1,744

$

1,334

$

1,142 

Loans

4,249

3,298

2,724 

Securities purchased under agreementsto resell and Securities borrowed
1

1,976

169

(374)

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities

2,392

2,029

2,131 

Customer receivables and Other2

3,531

2,167

1,393 

Total interest income

$

        13,892

$

        8,997

$

        7,016 

 Interest expense

Deposits

$

1,255

$

187

$

83 

Borrowings

5,031

4,285

3,606 

Securities sold under agreementsto repurchase and Securities loaned
3

1,898

1,237

977 

Customer payables and Other4

1,902

(12

) 

(1,348)

Total interest expense

$

10,086

$

5,697

$

3,318 

Net interest

$

3,806

$

3,300

$

3,698 

1.

 Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed. 

2.

 Includes interest from Customer receivables and Cash and cash equivalents. 

3.

 Includes fees received on Securities loaned. 

4.

 Includes fees received from prime brokerage customers for stock loan transactions incurred to cover customers’
short positions. 

Interest income and Interest expense are classified in the income statements based on the nature of
the instrument and related market conventions. When included as a component of the instrument’s fair value, interest is included within Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Otherwise, it is included within Interest income or Interest
expense. 
18. Deferred Compensation Plans 

Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

RSUs

$

892

$

951

$

1,054

Stock options

—

—

2

PSUs

28

75

81

Total
1

$

        920

 $ 

         1,026 

$

        1,137

Includes:

 Retirement-eligible awards2

$

110

$

85

$

73

1.

 Net of cancellations. 

2.

 Relates to stock-based compensation anticipated to be awarded in January of the following year that does not contain
a future service requirement. 

 Tax Benefit Related to Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Tax benefit1

$

        193

$

        225

$

        381

1.

 Excludes income tax consequences related to employee share-based award conversions. 

Unrecognized Compensation Cost Related to Unvested Stock-Based Awards 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

1

To be recognized in:

 2019

$

364

2020

167

Thereafter

30

Total

$

561

1.

 Amounts do not include forfeitures, cancellations, accelerations or 2018 performance year compensation awarded in
January 2019, which will begin to be amortized in 2019 (see the Annual Compensation Cost for 2018 Performance Year Awards table herein). 

In connection with awards under its stock-based compensation plans, the Firm is authorized to issue shares of common stock held in treasury or
newly issued shares. 
The Firm generally uses treasury shares, if available, to deliver shares to employees or employee stock trusts, and
has an ongoing repurchase authorization that includes repurchases in connection with awards under its stock-based compensation plans. Share repurchases by the Firm are subject to regulatory approval. 

Common Shares Available for Future Awards under Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

Shares

138

See Note 15 for additional information on the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program. 

Restricted Stock Units 

RSUs are subject
to vesting over time, generally one to four years from the date of award, contingent upon continued employment and subject to restrictions on sale, transfer or assignment until conversion to common stock. All or a portion of an award may be canceled
if employment is terminated before the end of the relevant vesting period and after the relevant vesting period in certain situations. Recipients of RSUs may have voting rights, at the Firm’s discretion, and generally receive dividend
equivalents if the awards vest. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

144

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Vested and Unvested RSU Activity 

2018

shares in millions

Number ofShares

WeightedAverage
Award Date
Fair Value

RSUs at beginning of period

88 

$

32.46

Awarded

20 

55.40

Conversions to common stock

(32)

34.36

Canceled

(2)

37.78

RSUs at end of period
1

74 

$

            37.59

Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs at end of period (dollars in millions)

$

2,899

Weighted average award
date fair value

RSUs awarded in 2017

$

42.98

RSUs awarded in 2016

25.48

1.

 At December 31, 2018, the weighted average remaining term until delivery for the outstanding RSUs was
approximately 1.0 year. 

Unvested RSU Activity 

2018

shares in millions

Number ofShares

 WeightedAverage
Award Date

Fair Value

Unvested RSUs at beginning of period

50 

$

33.64

Awarded

20 

55.40

Vested

(27)

38.43

Canceled

(2)

37.78

Unvested RSUs at end of period
1

41 

$

            40.65

1.

 Unvested RSUs represent awards where recipients have yet to satisfy either the explicit vesting terms or
retirement-eligible requirements. 

Fair Value of RSU Activity 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Conversions to common stock

$

      1,790

$

      1,333

$

      1,068

Vested

1,504

 1,470 

1,088

Performance-Based Stock Units 

PSUs will vest and convert to shares of common stock only if the Firm satisfies predetermined performance and market-based conditions over a
three-year performance period. The number of PSUs that will actually vest ranges from 0% to 150% of the target award, based on the extent to which the Firm achieves the specified performance goals. One-half of
the award will be earned based on the Firm’s average return on equity, excluding certain adjustments specified in the plan terms (“MS Adjusted ROE”). The other half of the award will be earned based on the Firm’s total
shareholder return, relative to the total shareholder return of the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index (“Relative MS TSR”). PSUs have vesting, restriction and cancellation provisions that are generally similar to those of RSUs. At
December 31, 2018, approximately three million PSUs were outstanding.

 PSU Fair Value on Award Date 

2018

2017

2016

MS Adjusted ROE

$

        56.84

$

        42.64

$

        25.19

Relative MS TSR

65.81

48.02

24.51

The Relative MS TSR fair values on the award date were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation and the
following assumptions. 
Monte Carlo Simulation Assumptions 

Award Year

Risk-Free
Interest Rate

ExpectedStock Price
Volatility

CorrelationCoefficient

 2018

2.2%

26.8%

0.89  

 2017

 1.5%

 27.0%

 0.89 

 2016

 1.1%

 25.4%

 0.84 

The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues.
The expected stock price volatility was determined using historical volatility. The correlation coefficient was developed based on historical price data of the Firm and the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index. The model also uses an expected
dividend yield which is calibrated to be equivalent to reinvesting dividends. 
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Plans 

Deferred cash-based compensation plans generally provide a return to the plan participants based upon the performance of each
participant’s referenced investments. 
Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Expense 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Deferred cash-based awards

$

      1,174

$

      1,039

$

950

Return on referenced investments

108

696

228

Total
1

$

1,282

$

1,735

$

      1,178

Includes:

Retirement-eligible awards2

$

193

$

176

$

151

1.

 Net of cancellations. 

2.

 Relates to deferred cash-based compensation anticipated to be awarded in January of the following year that does not
contain a future service requirement. 

Unrecognized Compensation Cost Related to Unvested Deferred Cash-Based Awards 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

1

To be recognized in:

2019

$

                423

2020

151

Thereafter

227

Total

$

801

1.

 Amounts do not include forfeitures, cancellations, accelerations, future return on referenced investments or 2018
performance year compensation awarded in January 2019, which will begin to be amortized in 2019 (see below). 

145

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Annual Compensation Cost for 2018 Performance Year Awards
1

 $ in millions

2019

2020

Thereafter

Total

Stock-based awards

$

558

$

197

$

151

$

906

Deferred cash-based awards

630

284

122

1,036

Total

$

    1,188

$

    481

$

    273

$

    1,942

1.

 Awarded in January 2019 and contain a future service requirement. Amounts do not include forfeitures, cancellations,
accelerations, or future return on referenced investments. 

19. Employee Benefit Plans

Pension and Other Postretirement Plans 

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Expense (Income) 

Pension Plans

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Service cost, benefits earned during the period 

$

        16

$

        16 

$

        17  

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

134

146

150 

Expected return on plan assets 

(112

) 

(117

) 

(122) 

Net amortization of prior service credit 

(1

) 

—

— 

Net amortization of actuarial loss 

26

17

12 

Net periodic benefit expense (income)

$

63

$

62

$

57 

Other Postretirement Plan

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Service cost, benefits earned during the period 

$

          1

$

           1

$

          1 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

3

3

4 

Net amortization of prior service credit 

(1

) 

(16

) 

(17)

Net periodic benefit expense (income)

$

3

$

(12

) 

$

(12)

Certain U.S. employees of the Firm and its U.S. affiliates who were hired before July 1, 2007 are covered
by the U.S. pension plan, a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (“U.S. Qualified Plan”). The U.S. Qualified Plan has
ceased future benefit accruals. 

Unfunded supplementary plans (“Supplemental Plans”) cover certain executives. Liabilities for
benefits payable under the Supplemental Plans are accrued by the Firm and are funded when paid. The Morgan Stanley Supplemental Executive Retirement and Excess Plan (“SEREP”), a non-contributory
defined benefit plan that is not qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, has ceased future benefit accruals. 

Certain of the Firm’s non-U.S. subsidiaries also have defined benefit pension plans covering
their eligible employees. 

 The Firm’s pension plans generally provide pension benefits that are based on each
employee’s years of credited service and on compensation levels specified in the plans. 
The Firm has an unfunded postretirement
benefit plan that provides medical and life insurance for eligible U.S. retirees and medical insurance for their dependents. 
Rollforward of Pre-tax AOCI 

Pension Plans

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Beginning balance 

$

    (947) 

$

    (761) 

$

    (625) 

Net gain (loss) 

158 

(205)

(149)

Prior service credit (cost) 

(15)

2 

1 

Amortization of prior service credit 

(1)

— 

— 

Amortization of net loss 

26 

17 

12 

Changes recognized in OCI

168 

(186)

(136)

Ending balance

$

(779)

$

(947)

$

(761)

Other PostretirementPlan

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

Beginning balance 

$

           1

$

         17 

$

        36  

Net gain (loss) 

13

—

(2)

Amortization of prior service credit 

(1

) 

(16

) 

(17)

Changes recognized in OCI

12

(16

) 

(19)

Ending balance

$

13

$

1

$

17 

The Firm generally amortizes into net periodic benefit expense (income) the unrecognized net gains and losses
exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. The U.S. pension plans amortize the unrecognized net gains and losses over the average life expectancy of participants. The remaining plans
generally amortize the unrecognized net gains and losses and prior service credit over the average remaining service period of active participants. 

Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net 

Periodic Benefit Expense (Income) 

Pension Plans

2018

2017

2016

Discount rate 

    3.46

% 

    4.01 

% 

    4.27% 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

3.50

% 

3.52

% 

3.61%

Rate of future compensation increases 

3.38

% 

3.10

% 

3.19%

Other Postretirement Plan

2018

2017

2016  

 Discount rate 

    3.44%

    4.01% 

    4.13% 

December 2018 Form 10-K

146

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The accounting for pension and other postretirement plans involves certain assumptions and
estimates. The expected long-term rate of return for the U.S. Qualified Plan was estimated by computing a weighted average of the underlying long-term expected returns based on the investment managers’ target allocations. 

Benefit Obligation and Funded Status 

Rollforward of the Benefit Obligation and Fair Value of Plan Assets 

Pension Plans

Other PostretirementPlan

$ in millions

2018

2017

2018

2017

 Rollforward of benefit obligation

Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

$

        3,966 

$

        3,711 

$

        86

$

        88  

Service cost 

16

16

1

1 

Interest cost 

134

146

3

3 

Actuarial loss (gain)1

(340

) 

304

(13

) 

—  

Plan amendments 

15

(2

) 

—

—  

Plan settlements 

(11

) 

(9

) 

—

—  

Benefits paid 

(195

) 

(242

) 

(6

) 

(6)

Other2

(22

) 

42

—

—

Benefit obligation at end of year

$

3,563

$

3,966

$

71

$

86  

Rollforward of fair
value of plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

$

3,468

$

3,431

$

—

$

—  

Actual return on plan assets

(69

) 

217

—

—  

Employer contributions 

34

32

6

6 

Benefits paid 

(195

) 

(242

) 

(6

) 

(6)

Plan settlements 

(11

) 

(9

) 

—

—  

Other2

(24

) 

39

—

—  

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

$

3,203

$

3,468

$

—

$

—  

Funded (unfunded) status

$

(360

) 

$

(498

) 

$

(71

) 

$

(86)

Amounts recognized in
the balance sheets

Assets 

$

151

$

87

$

—

$

—  

Liabilities 

(511

) 

(585

) 

(71

) 

(86)

Net amount recognized

$

(360

) 

$

(498

) 

$

(71

) 

$

(86)

1.

 Pension amounts primarily reflect the impact of year-over-year discount rate fluctuations. 

2.

 Includes foreign currency exchange rate changes. 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

Pension plans 

$

            3,546

$

            3,953

 Pension Plans with Benefit Obligations in Excess of the Fair Value of Plan Assets 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

Projected benefit obligation 

$

            575

$

            3,676

Accumulated benefit obligation 

559

3,663

Fair value of plan assets 

64

3,091

The pension plans included in each of the above amounts may differ based on their funding status as of
December 31st of each year. 

Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit
Obligation 

Pension Plans

Other Postretirement Plan

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

At  December 31,  
2018  

At  December 31,  
2017  

Discount rate 

4.01

% 

3.46

% 

4.07%

3.44%

Rate of future compensation increase 

3.34

% 

3.38

% 

N/A

N/A

The discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation for the U.S. pension and postretirement plans were
selected by the Firm, in consultation with its independent actuaries, using a pension discount yield curve based on the characteristics of the plans, each determined independently. The pension discount yield curve represents spot discount yields
based on duration implicit in a representative broad-based Aa-rated corporate bond universe of high-quality fixed income investments. For all 
non-U.S. pension plans, the
Firm set the assumed discount rates based on the nature of liabilities, local economic environments and available bond indices. 

Assumed Health
Care Cost Trend Rates Used to Determine the U.S. Postretirement Benefit Obligation 

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

Health care cost trend
rate assumed for next year

Medical 

5.66%

5.81%

Prescription 

7.66%

8.49%

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumedto decline (ultimate trend rate)

4.50%

4.50%

Year that the rate reaches the ultimatetrend rate

2038

2038

147

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Plan Assets 

Fair Value of Plan Assets 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents1

$

3

$

—

$

—

$

3 

 U.S. government andagency securities:

 U.S. Treasury securities

2,197

—

—

2,197 

 U.S. agency securities

—

317

—

317 

 Total U.S. governmentand agency securities

2,197

317

—

2,514 

 Corporate and other debt — CDO

—

11

—

11 

 Derivative contracts

—

22

—

22 

 Other investments

—

—

48

48 

 Total

$

    2,200

$

        350

$

        48

$

    2,598 

 Assets Measured at NAV

 Commingled trust funds:

 Money market

252 

 Foreign funds:

 Fixed income

134 

 Liquidity

12 

 Targeted cash flow

207 

 Total

$

605 

 Fair value of plan assets

$

3,203 

At December 31, 2017

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents1

$

6

$

—

$

—

$

6 

 U.S. government andagency securities:

     U.S. Treasury securities

2,398

—

—

2,398 

     U.S. agency securities

—

318

—

318 

 Total U.S. governmentand agency securities

2,398

318

—

2,716 

 Corporate and other debt —CDO

—

14

—

14 

 Derivative contracts

—

1

—

1 

 Other investments

—

—

47

47 

 Other
receivables1

26

—

—

26 

 Other
liabilities1

(11

) 

(2

) 

—

(13)

 Total

$

    2,419

$

        331

$

        47

$

    2,797 

 Assets Measured at NAV

 Commingled trust funds:

 Money market

285 

 Foreign funds:

 Fixed income

126 

 Liquidity

41 

 Targeted cash flow

219 

 Total

$

671 

 Fair value of plan assets

$

3,468 

1.

 Cash and cash equivalents, other receivables and other liabilities are valued at their carrying value, which
approximates fair value. 

 Rollforward of Level 3 Plan Assets 

$ in millions

2018

2017

 Balance at beginning of period

$

47

$

38 

 Actual return on plan assets related to assets held at end of
period

—

1 

 Purchases, sales, other settlements and issuances, net

1

8 

 Balance at end of period

$

                48

$

                47 

There were no transfers between levels during 2018 and 2017. 

The U.S. Qualified Plan’s assets represent 87% of the Firm’s total pension plan assets. The U.S. Qualified Plan uses a combination
of active and risk-controlled fixed income investment strategies. The fixed income asset allocation consists primarily of fixed income securities and related derivative instruments designed to approximate the expected cash flows of the plan’s
liabilities in order to help reduce plan exposure to interest rate variation and to better align assets with the obligation. The longer-duration fixed income allocation is expected to help protect the plan’s funded status and maintain the
stability of plan contributions over the long run. The investment portfolio performance is assessed by comparing actual investment performance with changes in the estimated present value of the U.S. Qualified Plan’s benefit obligation. 

Derivative instruments are permitted in the U.S. Qualified Plan’s investment portfolio only to the extent that they comply with all of
the plan’s investment policy guidelines and are consistent with the plan’s risk and return objectives. 
As a fundamental
operating principle, any restrictions on the underlying assets apply to a respective derivative product. This includes percentage allocations and credit quality. Derivatives are used solely for the purpose of enhancing investment in the underlying
assets and not to circumvent portfolio restrictions. 
Plan assets are measured at fair value using valuation techniques that are
consistent with the valuation techniques applied to the Firm’s major categories of assets and liabilities as described in Notes 2 and 3. OTC derivative contracts consist of investments in interest rate swaps. 

Other investments consist of pledged insurance annuity contracts held by non-U.S.-based plans. The
pledged insurance annuity contracts are valued based on the premium reserve of the insurer for a guarantee that the insurer has given to the employee benefit plan that approximates fair value. The pledged insurance annuity contracts are categorized
in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

148

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Commingled trust funds are privately offered funds that are regulated, supervised and subject to
periodic examination by a U.S. federal or state agency and available to institutional clients. The trust must be maintained for the collective investment or reinvestment of assets contributed to it from U.S.
tax-qualified employee benefit plans maintained by more than one employer or controlled group of corporations. The sponsor of the commingled trust funds values the funds based on the fair value of the
underlying securities. Commingled trust funds are redeemable at NAV at the measurement date or in the near future. 

Some non-U.S.-based plans hold foreign funds that consist of investments in fixed income funds, target cash flow funds and liquidity funds. Fixed income funds invest in individual securities quoted on a recognized stock
exchange or traded in a regulated market. Certain fixed income funds aim to produce returns consistent with certain Financial Times Stock Exchange indexes. Target cash flow funds are designed to provide a series of fixed annual cash flows achieved
by investing in government bonds and derivatives. Liquidity funds place a high priority on capital preservation, stable value and a high liquidity of assets. Foreign funds are readily redeemable at NAV. 

The Firm generally considers the NAV of commingled trust funds and foreign funds provided by the fund manager to be the best estimate of fair
value. 
Expected Contributions 

The
Firm’s policy is to fund at least the amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements under applicable employee benefit and tax laws. At December 31, 2018, the Firm expected to contribute approximately $50 million to its
pension and postretirement benefit plans in 2019 based upon the plans’ current funded status and expected asset return assumptions for 2019. 

Expected Future Benefit Payments 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Pension Plans

Other PostretirementPlan

 2019

$

                    139

$

6 

 2020

144

6 

 2021

151

6 

 2022

160

6 

 2023

163

7 

 2024-2028

904

27 

Morgan Stanley 401(k) Plan 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Expense

$

        272

$

        258

$

        250 

 U.S. employees meeting certain eligibility requirements may participate in the Morgan Stanley
401(k) Plan. Eligible employees receive discretionary 401(k) matching cash contributions as determined annually by the Firm. For 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Firm matched employee contributions up to 4% of eligible pay, up to the IRS limit. Matching
contributions were invested among available funds according to each participant’s investment direction on file. Eligible employees with eligible pay less than or equal to $100,000 also received a fixed contribution under the 401(k) Plan equal
to 2% of eligible pay. Transition contributions relating to acquired entities or frozen plans are allocated to certain eligible employees. The Firm match, fixed contribution and transition contribution are included in the Firm’s 401(k) expense.

Non-U.S. Defined Contribution Pension Plans     

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Expense

$

        116

$

        106

$

        101 

The Firm maintains separate defined contribution pension plans that cover eligible employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under such plans, benefits are generally determined based on a fixed rate of base salary with certain vesting requirements. 

20. Income Taxes 

Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 

Components of Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Current

 U.S.:

 Federal

$

686

$

476

$

330 

 State and local

207

125

221 

 Non-U.S.:

 U.K.

328

401

196 

 Japan

268

56

28 

 Hong Kong

94

48

14 

 Other

318

308

359 

 Total

$

1,901

$

1,414

$

1,148 

 Deferred

 U.S.:

 Federal

$

330

$

2,656

$

1,336 

 State and local

56

84

74 

 Non-U.S.:

 U.K.

54

18

56 

 Japan

(10

) 

(17

) 

127 

 Hong Kong

(3

) 

(2

) 

31 

 Other

22

15

(46)

 Total

$

449

$

2,754

$

1,578 

 Provision for income taxes from continuing operations

$

    2,350

$

    4,168

$

    2,726 

 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes from discontinued
operations

$

(1

) 

$

(7

) 

$

1 

149

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Selected Other Non-U.S. Tax Provisions 

$ in millions

Tax Provisions

 2018:

 Brazil

$

71

 Spain

67

 India

39

 2017:

 Brazil

82

 India

49

 Canada

36

 2016:

 Brazil

125

 India

46

 France

38

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Reconciliation of the U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to the Effective Income Tax Rate 

2018

2017

2016

 U.S. federal statutory income tax rate

21.0

% 

35.0

% 

35.0

% 

 U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax
benefits

2.0

1.4

2.2

 Domestic tax credits

(0.9

) 

(1.6

) 

(2.5

) 

 Tax exempt income

(0.4

) 

(0.1

) 

(0.1

) 

 Non-U.S. earnings

 Foreign tax rate differential

1.2

(5.0

) 

(3.1

) 

 Change in foreign tax rates

0.1

—

0.1

 Tax Act enactment

—

11.5

—

 Employee share-based awards1

(1.5

) 

(1.5

) 

—

 Other

(0.6

) 

0.4

(0.8

) 

 Effective income tax rate

20.9

% 

40.1

% 

30.8

% 

1.

 Beginning in 2017, the income tax consequences related to employee share-based awards are required to be recognized
in Provision for income taxes in the income statements upon the conversion of employee share-based awards instead of additional paid-in capital. See Note 2 to the financial statements for information on the
adoption of the accounting update 
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. See Note 21 for more information on the net discrete tax provisions (benefits). 

The Firm’s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2018 included an intermittent net discrete tax benefit of $203 million
primarily associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations. 

The Firm’s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2017 included an intermittent net discrete tax provision of
$968 million, which included approximately $1.2 billion primarily related to the remeasurement of certain net deferred tax assets as a result of the Tax Act, partially offset by $233 million of net discrete tax benefits primarily
associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax examinations.

 The Tax Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly revised U.S. corporate income tax law
by reducing the corporate income tax rate to 21%, partially or wholly eliminating tax deductions for certain expenses and implementing a modified territorial tax system. The modified territorial tax system includes a one-time transition tax on
deemed repatriated earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries and also imposes a minimum tax on GILTI and an alternative BEAT on U.S. corporations with operations outside of the U.S. 

The Firm’s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2016 included intermittent net discrete tax benefits of $68 million.
These net discrete tax benefits were primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax examinations, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters. 

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Gross deferred tax assets

 Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards

$

264

$

391

 Employee compensation and benefit plans

2,053

2,146

 Valuation and liability allowances

318

377

 Valuation of inventory, investments and receivables

242

645

 Total deferred tax assets

2,877

3,559

 Deferred tax assets valuation allowance

143

144

 Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance

$

2,734

$

3,415

 Gross deferred tax liabilities

 Non-U.S. operations

$

12

$

20

 Fixed assets

825

627

 Other

224

194

 Total deferred tax liabilities

$

1,061

$

841

 Net deferred tax assets

$

1,673

$

2,574

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. 

The Firm believes the recognized net deferred tax assets (after valuation allowance) at December 31, 2018 are more likely than not to be
realized based on expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

150

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely reinvested due to regulatory and
other capital requirements in foreign jurisdictions. As a result of the Tax Act’s one-time transition tax on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries and an annual minimum tax on GILTI, as of
December 31, 2018 the unrecognized deferred tax liability attributable to indefinitely reinvested earnings is immaterial. 

Unrecognized Tax
Benefits 

Rollforward of Unrecognized Tax Benefits 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Balance at beginning of period

$

1,594

$

        1,851

$

        1,804

 Increase based on tax positions related to the current
period

83

63

172

 Increase based on tax positions related to prior periods

34

170

14

 Decrease based on tax positions related to prior periods

(404

) 

(312

) 

(134

) 

 Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities

(139

) 

(155

) 

—

 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

(88

) 

(23

) 

(5

) 

 Balance at end of period

$

        1,080

$

1,594

$

1,851

 Net unrecognized tax benefits1

$

746

$

873

$

1,110

1.

 Represent ending unrecognized tax benefits adjusted for the impact of the federal benefit of state issues, competent
authority arrangements and foreign tax credit offsets. If recognized, these net benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods. 

Interest Expense (Benefit), Net of Federal and State Income Tax Benefits 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Recognized in income statements

$

(40

) 

$

(3

) 

$

28

 Accrued at end of period

            91

            147

            150

Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as provision for income taxes.
Penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years mentioned above were immaterial. 
Tax Authority Examinations 

The Firm is under continuous examination by the IRS and other tax authorities in certain countries, such as Japan and the U.K., and in states
and localities in which it has significant business operations, such as New York. The Firm has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and associated interest, if applicable (“tax liabilities”), that it believes is adequate
in relation to the potential for additional assessments. Once established, the Firm adjusts such tax liabilities only when new information is available or when an event occurs necessitating a change.

 The Firm believes that the resolution of the above tax examinations will not have a material
effect on the annual financial statements, although a resolution could have a material impact in the income statements and on the effective tax rate for any period in which such resolution occurs. 

See Note 12 regarding the Dutch Tax Authority’s challenge, in the District Court in Amsterdam (matters styled Case number

15/3637 and 
Case number 15/4353), of the Firm’s entitlement to certain withholding tax credits which may impact the balance of unrecognized tax benefits. 

It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits occur within the next 12 months. At this time,
however, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the expected change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits and the impact on the Firm’s effective tax rate over the next 12 months. 

Earliest Tax Year Subject to Examination in Major Tax Jurisdictions 

Jurisdiction

Tax Year

 U.S.

2013

 New York State and New York City

2007

 Hong Kong

2012

 U.K.

2011

 Japan

2015

21. Segment, Geographic and Revenue 

Information 

Segment Information

The Firm structures its segments primarily based upon the nature of the financial products and services provided to customers and its
management organization. The Firm provides a wide range of financial products and services to its customers in each of the business segments: Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. For a further discussion of the
business segments, see Note 1. 
Revenues and expenses directly associated with each respective business segment are included in
determining its operating results. Other revenues and expenses that are not directly attributable to a particular business segment are generally allocated based on each business segment’s respective net revenues,
non-interest expenses or other relevant measures. 

151

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 As a result of revenues and expenses from transactions with other operating segments being
treated as transactions with external parties for purposes of segment disclosures, the Firm includes an Intersegment Eliminations category to reconcile the business segment results to the consolidated results. 

Selected Financial Information by Business Segment 

2018

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

 Investment banking1,
2

$

6,088

$

475

$

—

$

(81

) 

$

6,482 

 Trading

  11,191

279

25

     56

  11,551 

 Investments

182

1

254

—

437 

 Commissions and
fees1

2,671

1,804

—

(285

) 

4,190 

 Asset
management1

421

  10,158

  2,468

(149

) 

12,898 

 Other

535

248

(30

) 

(10

) 

743 

 Total non-interest revenues
3, 4

21,088

12,965

2,717

(469

) 

36,301 

 Interest income

9,271

5,498

57

(934

) 

13,892 

 Interest expense

9,777

1,221

28

(940

) 

10,086 

 Net interest

(506

) 

4,277

29

6

3,806 

 Net revenues

$

 20,582

$

 17,242

$

 2,746

$

(463

) 

$

 40,107 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

$

6,260

$

4,521

$

464

$

(8

) 

$

11,237 

 Provision for income taxes

1,230

1,049

73

(2

) 

2,350 

 Income from continuing operations

5,030

3,472

391

(6

) 

8,887 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
net of income taxes

(6

) 

—

2

—

(4)

 Net income

5,024

3,472

393

(6

) 

8,883 

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

118

—

17

—

135 

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

4,906

$

3,472

$

376

$

(6

) 

$

8,748 

2017

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

 Investment banking

$

5,537

$

533

$

—

$

(67

) 

$

6,003 

 Trading

10,295

848

(22

) 

(5

) 

11,116 

 Investments

368

3

449

     —

820 

 Commissions and fees

2,433

1,737

—

(109

) 

4,061 

 Asset management

359

9,342

2,196

(100

) 

11,797 

 Other

630

268

(37

) 

(13

) 

848 

 Total non-interest
revenues

 19,622

 12,731

   2,586

(294

) 

   34,645 

 Interest income

5,377

4,591

4

(975

) 

8,997 

 Interest expense

6,186

486

4

(979

) 

5,697 

 Net interest

(809

) 

4,105

—

4

3,300 

 Net revenues

$

18,813

$

16,836

$

2,586

$

(290

) 

$

37,945 

 Income from continuing operations before income
taxes

$

5,644

$

4,299

$

456

$

4

$

10,403 

 Provision for income taxes

1,993

1,974

201

—

4,168 

 Income from continuing operations

3,651

2,325

255

4

6,235 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
net of income taxes

(19

) 

—

—

—

(19)

 Net income

3,632

2,325

255

4

6,216 

 Net income applicable to
noncontrolling interests

96

—

9

—

105 

 Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

$

3,536

$

2,325

$

246

$

4

$

6,111 

December 2018 Form 10-K

152

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2016

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

 Investment banking

$

4,476

$

484

$

—

$

(27

) 

$

4,933 

 Trading

9,387

861

(2

) 

(37

) 

10,209 

 Investments

147

—

13

     —

160 

 Commissions and fees

2,456

1,745

3

(95

) 

4,109 

 Asset management

293

8,454

2,063

(113

) 

10,697 

 Other

535

277

31

(18

) 

825 

 Total non-interest
revenues

 17,294

 11,821

   2,108

(290

) 

   30,933 

 Interest income

4,005

3,888

5

(882

) 

7,016 

 Interest expense

3,840

359

1

(882

) 

3,318 

 Net interest

165

3,529

4

—

3,698 

 Net revenues

$

17,459

$

15,350

$

2,112

$

(290

) 

$

34,631 

 Income from continuing operations before income
taxes

$

5,123

$

3,437

$

287

$

1

$

8,848 

 Provision for income taxes

1,318

1,333

75

—

2,726 

 Income from continuing operations

3,805

2,104

212

1

6,122 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
net of income taxes

(1

) 

—

2

—

1 

 Net income

3,804

2,104

214

1

6,123 

 Net income applicable to
noncontrolling interests

155

—

(11

) 

—

144 

 Net income applicable to Morgan
Stanley

$

3,649

$

2,104

$

225

$

1

$

5,979 

I/E–Intersegment Eliminations 

1.

 Approximately 86% of Investment banking revenues and substantially all of Commissions and fees and Asset management
revenues in 2018 were determined under the Revenues from Contracts with Customers accounting update. 

2.

 Institutional Securities Investment banking revenues in 2018 are composed of $2,436 million of Advisory and
$3,652 million of Underwriting revenues. Institutional Securities Investment banking revenues in 2017 are composed of $2,077 million of Advisory and $3,460 million of Underwriting revenues. Institutional Securities Investment banking
revenues in 2016 are composed of $2,220 million of Advisory and $2,256 million of Underwriting revenues. 

3.

 The Firm enters into certain contracts that contain a current obligation to perform services in the future. Excluding
contracts where billing is commensurate with the value of the services performed at each stage of the contract, contracts with variable consideration that is subject to reversal, and contracts with less than one year duration, we expect to record
the following approximate revenues in the future: $100 million per year in 2019 and 2020; between $40 million and $60 million per year in 2021 through 2025; and $10 million per year in 2026 through 2035. These revenues are
primarily related to certain commodities contracts with customers. 

4.

 Includes $2,821 million in revenues recognized in 2018 where some or all services were performed in prior periods.
This amount is primarily composed of investment banking advisory fees and distribution fees.

 Net Discrete Tax Provision (Benefit) by Segment     

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

 2018

 Intermittent net discrete tax provision (benefit)

$

(182

) 

$

— 

$

(21

) 

$

(203)

 Recurring:

 Employee share-based awards1

(104

) 

(50

) 

(11

) 

(165)

 Total

$

(286

) 

$

(50

) 

$

(32

) 

$

(368)

 2017

 Intermittent:

 Tax Act
enactment2

$

705

$

402

$

     94

$

  1,201 

 Remeasurement of reserves and related interest

(168

) 

— 

— 

(168)

 Other

(66

) 

9

(8

) 

(65)

 Total intermittent net discrete tax provision (benefit)

$

     471

$

    411

$

86

$

968 

 Recurring:

 Employee share-based awards1

(93

) 

(54

) 

(8

) 

(155)

 Total

$

378

$

357

$

78

$

813 

2016
3

$

(68)

1.

 Beginning in 2017, with the adoption of the accounting update, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting, the income tax consequences associated with employee share-based awards are recognized in Provision for income taxes in the income statements. The Firm considers these employee share-based award related provisions (benefits) to be
recurring-type (“Recurring”) discrete tax items, as we anticipate some level of conversion activity each year. 

2.

 For further discussion on the Tax Act, see Note 20. 

3.

 The intermittent net discrete tax benefit for 2016 was principally within the Institutional Securities business
segment. 

Total Assets by Business Segment 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Institutional Securities

$

646,427

$

        664,974

 Wealth Management

202,392

182,009

 Investment Management

4,712

4,750

Total
1

$

853,531

$

851,733

1.

 Parent assets have been fully allocated to the business segments. 

Additional Segment Information—Investment Management 

Net Unrealized Performance-Based Fees 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Net cumulative unrealized performance-based fees at risk of
reversing

$

434

$

442

153

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 The Firm’s portion of net cumulative unrealized performance-based fees (for which the Firm
is not obligated to pay compensation) are at risk of reversing if the fund performance falls below the stated investment management agreement benchmarks. See Note 12 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential
obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received. 
Reduction of Fees due to Fee Waivers 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Fee waivers

$

        56

$

        86

$

        91 

The Firm waives a portion of its fees in the Investment Management business segment from certain registered
money market funds that comply with the requirements of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Separately, the Firm’s employees, including its senior officers, may participate on the same terms and conditions as other investors in
certain funds that the Firm sponsors primarily for client investment, and the Firm may waive or lower applicable fees and charges for its employees. 

Geographic Information 

The Firm
operates in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The Firm’s 
non-U.S. business activities are principally conducted and managed through EMEA and Asia locations. The net
revenues disclosed in the following table reflect the regional view of the Firm’s consolidated net revenues on a managed basis, based on the following methodology: 

Institutional Securities: client location for advisory and equity underwriting, revenue recording location for debt
underwriting, trading desk location for sales and trading. 

Wealth Management: representatives operate in the
Americas. 

Investment Management: client location, except certain

closed-end funds, which are based on asset location. 

Net Revenues by Region    

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Americas

$

  29,301

$

  27,817

$

  25,487 

 EMEA

6,092

5,714

4,994 

 Asia

4,714

4,414

4,150 

 Total

$

40,107

$

37,945

$

34,631 

 Income from Continuing Operations before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 U.S.

$

7,804

$

5,686

$

5,694 

 Non-U.S.
1

3,433

4,717

3,154 

 Total

$

    11,237

$

    10,403

$

    8,848 

1.

 Non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located
outside the U.S. 

Total Assets by Region 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Americas

$

576,532

$

570,489 

 EMEA

200,194

191,398 

 Asia

76,805

89,846 

 Total

$

853,531

$

851,733 

Revenue Information 

Trading Revenues by Product Type 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Interest rate

$

2,696

$

2,091

$

1,522 

 Foreign exchange

914

647

1,156 

 Equity security and index1

6,157

6,291

5,690 

 Commodity and other

1,174

740

56 

 Credit

610

1,347

1,785 

 Total

$

    11,551

$

    11,116

$

    10,209 

1.

 Dividend income is included within equity security and index contracts. 

The previous table summarizes gains and losses included in Trading revenues in the income statements. These activities include revenues
related to derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. The Firm generally utilizes financial instruments across a variety of product types in connection with its market-making and related risk
management strategies. The trading revenues presented in the table are not representative of the manner in which the Firm manages its business activities and are prepared in a manner similar to the presentation of trading revenues for regulatory
reporting purposes. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

154

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Change in Revenues and Expenses as a Result of 

Application of the New Revenue Recognition Standard 

$ in millions

2018

 Gross presentation impact—Revenues

 Investment banking—Advisory

$

75 

 Investment banking—Underwriting

        193 

 Asset
management1

30 

 Other

52 

 Subtotal

350 

 Gross presentation impact—Expenses

 Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees1

$

30 

 Marketing and business development

31 

 Professional services

102 

 Other2

187 

 Subtotal

350 

 Timing impact—Revenues

 Investment banking—Advisory

$

15 

 Asset management

(4)

 Other

19 

 Subtotal

30 

 Net change in revenues and expenses

$

30 

1.

 Intersegment transactions of $48 million have been eliminated. 

2.

 Primarily composed of Investment banking transaction-related costs. 

As a result of adopting the accounting update Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the accounting for certain transactions has
changed (see Note 2 for further details). As summarized in the previous table, the change is composed of transactions that are now presented on a gross basis within both 
Non-interest revenues and 
Non-interest expenses, as well as transactions where revenues are recognized with different timing compared with the previous GAAP. For example, timing impacts shown as negative amounts in the previous table
represent revenues for which recognition has been deferred to future periods under the new standard. 

Receivables from Contracts with Customers

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtJanuary 1,
2018

 Customer and other receivables

$

2,308

$

2,805

Receivables from contracts with customers, which are included within Customer and other receivables in the
balance sheets, arise when the Firm has both recorded revenues and has the right per the contract to bill the customer.

 22. Parent Company 

Parent Company Only—Condensed Income Statements and Comprehensive Income Statements 

$ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Revenues

 Dividends from subsidiaries1

$

4,973

$

2,567

$

2,448 

 Trading

54

(260

) 

96 

 Other

(5

) 

64

38 

 Total non-interest
revenues

5,022

2,371

2,582 

 Interest income

5,172

3,783

3,008 

 Interest expense

4,816

4,079

4,036 

 Net interest

356

(296

) 

(1,028)

 Net revenues

5,378

2,075

1,554 

 Non-interest
expenses

225

240

126 

 Income before income taxes

5,153

1,835

1,428 

 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

22

(206

) 

(383)

 Net income before undistributed gain of subsidiaries

5,131

2,041

1,811 

 Undistributed gain of subsidiaries

3,617

4,070

4,168 

 Net income

8,748

6,111

5,979 

 OCI, net of tax:

 Foreign currency translation adjustments

(114

) 

219

(23)

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

(272

) 

41

(269)

 Pensions, postretirementand other

137

(117

) 

(100)

 Change in net DVA

1,454

(560

) 

(283)

 Comprehensive income

$

    9,953

$

    5,694

$

     5,304 

 Net income

$

8,748

$

6,111

$

5,979 

 Preferred stock dividends and other

526

523

471 

 Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common
shareholders

$

8,222

$

5,588

$

5,508 

1.

 In 2018, we recorded approximately $3 billion of dividends from bank subsidiaries.

155

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Parent Company Only—Condensed Balance Sheets 

$ in millions, except share data

 At

December 31,2018

 At

December 31,2017

 Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

6

$

11 

 Deposits with bank subsidiaries

7,476

8,120 

 Restricted cash

—

1 

 Trading assets at fair value

10,039

5,752 

 Investment Securities (includes $15,500 and $13,219 at fair
value)

22,588

19,268 

 Securities purchased under agreement to resell with
affiliates

25,535

38,592 

 Advances to subsidiaries:

 Bank and BHC

30,954

30,145 

 Non-bank

97,405

112,557 

 Equity investments in subsidiaries:

 Bank and BHC

42,848

35,971 

 Non-bank

32,418

31,856 

 Other assets

1,244

2,704 

 Total assets

$

270,513

$

284,977 

 Liabilities

 Trading liabilities at fair value

$

276

$

148 

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase with
affiliates

—

8,753 

 Payables to and advances from subsidiaries

30,861

28,781 

 Other liabilities and accrued expenses

2,548

2,421 

 Borrowings (includes $18,599 and $22,603 at fair
value)

156,582

167,483 

 Total liabilities

190,267

207,586 

 Commitments and contingent liabilities (see Note 12)

 Equity

 Preferred stock

8,520

8,520 

 Common stock, $0.01 par value:

 Shares authorized: 3,500,000,000; Shares issued: 
2,038,893,979; Shares
outstanding: 
1,699,828,943 and 1,788,086,805 shares

20

20 

 Additional paid-in
capital

23,794

23,545 

 Retained earnings

64,175

57,577 

 Employee stock trusts

2,836

2,907 

 AOCI

(2,292

) 

(3,060)

 Common stock held in treasury at cost, $0.01 par value
(339,065,036 and 250,807,174 shares)

(13,971

) 

(9,211)

 Common stock issued to employee stock trusts

(2,836

) 

(2,907)

 Total shareholders’ equity

80,246

77,391 

 Total liabilities and equity

$

270,513

$

284,977 

 Parent Company Only—Condensed Cash Flow Statements 

 $ in millions

2018

2017

2016

 Cash flows from operating activities

 Net income

$

8,748

$

6,111

$

5,979 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities:

 Undistributed gain of subsidiaries

(3,617

) 

(4,070

) 

(4,168)

 Other operating activities

964

1,087

1,367 

 Changes in assets and liabilities

(7,231

) 

619

(151)

 Net cash provided by (used for) operating
activities

(1,136

) 

3,747

3,027 

 Cash flows from investing activities

 Proceeds from (payments for):

 Investment securities:

 Purchases

(8,155

) 

(5,263

) 

— 

 Proceeds from sales

1,252

3,620

— 

 Proceeds from paydowns and maturities

3,729

1,038

— 

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell with
affiliates

13,057

19,314

(10,846)

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase with
affiliates

(8,753

) 

8,753

— 

 Advances to and investments in subsidiaries1

11,841

(35,686

) 

(141)

 Net cash provided by (used for) investing
activities

12,971

(8,224

) 

(10,987)

 Cash flows from financing activities

 Proceeds from:

 Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs

—

994

— 

 Issuance of Borrowings

14,918

36,833

32,795 

 Payments for:

 Borrowings

(21,418

) 

(24,668

) 

(24,793)

 Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

(5,566

) 

(4,292

) 

(3,933)

 Cash dividends

(2,375

) 

(2,085

) 

(1,746)

 Net change in advances from subsidiaries1

2,122

1,861

(2,361)

 Other financing activities

—

26

66 

 Net cash provided by (used for) financing
activities

(12,319

) 

8,669

28 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
equivalents

(166

) 

221

(250)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(650

) 

4,413

(8,182)

 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period

8,132

3,719

11,901 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

7,482

$

8,132

$

3,719 

 Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash and due from banks

$

6

$

11

$

116 

 Deposits with bank subsidiaries

7,476

8,120

3,600 

 Restricted cash

—

1

3 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

7,482

$

8,132

$

3,719 

 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

 Cash payments for:

 Interest

$

4,798

$

3,570

$

3,650 

 Income taxes, net of refunds

437

201

201 

1.

 Reclassifications have been made to prior periods to conform to the current presentation.

December 2018 Form 10-K

156

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Parent Company’s Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

 At

December 31, 
2017

 Senior

$              146,492

$                  157,255 

 Subordinated

10,090

10,228 

 Total

$              156,582

$                  167,483 

Transactions with Subsidiaries 

The Parent Company has transactions with its consolidated subsidiaries determined on an agreed-upon basis and has guaranteed certain unsecured
lines of credit and contractual obligations on certain of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Guarantees 

In the normal course of its business, the Parent Company guarantees certain of its subsidiaries’ obligations under derivative and other
financial arrangements. The Parent Company records Trading assets and Trading liabilities, which include derivative contracts, at fair value in its condensed balance sheets. 

The Parent Company also, in the normal course of its business, provides standard indemnities to counterparties on behalf of its subsidiaries
for taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock lending transactions, and certain annuity products. These indemnity payments could be required based on a change in the
tax laws or change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Parent Company to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The maximum potential amount of future payments that
the Parent Company could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability in its condensed financial statements for these indemnifications and believes that the
occurrence of any events that would trigger payments under these contracts is remote.

 The Parent Company has issued guarantees on behalf of its subsidiaries to various U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or futures contracts. Under these guarantee arrangements, the Parent Company may be required to pay the financial obligations of its
subsidiaries related to business transacted on or with the exchanges and clearinghouses in the event of a subsidiary’s default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability
in its condensed financial statements for these arrangements and believes that any potential requirements to make payments under these arrangements are remote. 

Guarantees of Debt Instruments and Warrants Issued by Subsidiaries 

 $ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Aggregate balance

$              24,286

$            19,392 

Guarantees under Subsidiary Lease Obligations 

 $ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2018

AtDecember 31,
2017

 Aggregate
balance1

$                1,003

$              1,082 

1.

 Amounts primarily relate to the U.K. 

Finance Subsidiary 

The Parent Company
fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by Morgan Stanley Finance LLC, a 100%-owned finance subsidiary. 
Resolution and Recovery
Planning 

As indicated in the Firm’s 2017 resolution plan submitted to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the Parent Company has
amended and restated its support agreement with its material entities, as defined in the Firm’s 2017 resolution plan. Under the secured amended and restated support agreement, upon the occurrence of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company
would be obligated to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its contributable material assets, other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain intercompany receivables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable,
to its material entities. 

157

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 23. Quarterly Results (Unaudited) 

2018 Quarter

$ in millions, except per share data

First

Second

Third

Fourth2,3

 Total non-interest revenues
1

$

    10,102

$

    9,704

$

    8,936

$

    7,559 

 Net interest

975

906

936

989 

 Net revenues

11,077

10,610

9,872

8,548 

 Total non-interest expenses
1

7,657

7,501

7,021

6,691 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

3,420

3,109

2,851

1,857 

 Provision for income taxes

714

640

696

300 

 Income from continuing operations

2,706

2,469

2,155

1,557 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(2

) 

(2

) 

(1

) 

1 

 Net income

2,704

2,467

2,154

1,558 

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

36

30

42

27 

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

2,668

$

2,437

$

2,112

$

1,531 

 Preferred stock dividends and other

93

170

93

170 

 Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common
shareholders

$

2,575

$

2,267

$

2,019

$

1,361 

 Earnings (loss) per basic common
share4:

 Income from continuing operations

$

1.48

$

1.32

$

1.19

$

0.81 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

—

—

—

— 

 Earnings per basic common share

$

1.48

$

1.32

$

1.19

$

0.81 

 Earnings (loss) per diluted common share4:

 Income from continuing operations

$

1.46

$

1.30

$

1.17

$

0.80 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(0.01

) 

—

—

— 

 Earnings per diluted common share

$

1.45

$

1.30

$

1.17

$

0.80 

 Dividends declared per common share

$

0.25

$

0.25

$

0.30

$

0.30 

 Book value per common share

$

39.19

$

40.34

$

40.67

$

42.20 

2017 Quarter

$ in millions, except per share data

First

Second

Third

Fourth2,3

 Total non-interest
revenues

$

  8,974

$

8,752

$

  8,414

$

8,505 

 Net interest

771

751

783

995 

 Net revenues

9,745

9,503

9,197

9,500 

 Total non-interest
expenses

6,937

6,861

6,715

7,029 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

2,808

2,642

2,482

2,471 

 Provision for income taxes

815

846

697

1,810 

 Income from continuing operations

1,993

1,796

1,785

661 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(22

) 

(5

) 

6

2 

 Net income

1,971

1,791

1,791

663 

 Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

41

34

10

20 

 Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

1,930

$

1,757

$

1,781

$

643 

 Preferred stock dividends and other

90

170

93

170 

 Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common
shareholders

$

1,840

$

1,587

$

1,688

$

473 

 Earnings (loss) per basic common
share4:

 Income from continuing operations

$

1.03

$

0.89

$

0.95

$

0.27 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(0.01

) 

—

—

— 

 Earnings per basic common share

$

1.02

$

0.89

$

0.95

$

0.27 

 Earnings (loss) per diluted common
share4:

 Income from continuing operations

$

1.01

$

0.87

$

0.93

$

0.26 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

(0.01

) 

—

—

— 

 Earnings per diluted common share

$

1.00

$

0.87

$

0.93

$

0.26 

 Dividends declared per common share

$

0.20

$

0.20

$

0.25

$

0.25 

 Book value per common share

$

37.48

$

38.22

$

38.87

$

38.52 

1.

 Effective January 1, 2018, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, which among other things, requires a gross presentation of certain costs that were previously netted against net revenues. Prior periods have not been restated pursuant to this guidance. For further information on the full impact of
adoption of this new accounting guidance, see the following table and Note 21. 

2.

 The fourth quarter of 2018 included net intermittent discrete tax benefits of $111 million, primarily associated
with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations. The fourth quarter of 2017 included net intermittent discrete tax benefits of $168 million, primarily related to the
remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of multi-year IRS tax examinations. The fourth quarter of 2017 also included an intermittent net discrete tax provision of approximately $1.2 billion,
primarily related to the remeasurement of certain net deferred tax assets using the lower corporate tax rate as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act. Income tax consequences arising from conversion of employee share-based awards are excluded
from intermittent net discrete tax provisions (benefits), as we anticipate conversion activity each year (see Notes 2 and 20). 

3.

 Total non-interest revenues includes impairments of the Investment Management
business segment’s interest in a third-party asset manager of $46 million in 2018 and $53 million in 2017. 

4.

 The sum of the quarters’ earnings per common share may not equal the annual amounts due to the averaging effect
of the number of shares and share equivalents throughout the year. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

158

Table of Contents

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Quarterly Change in Revenue and Expense as a Result of Application of the New Revenue Recognition
Standard 

2018 Quarter

$ in millions

First

Second

Third

Fourth

 Non-interest revenues

 Gross presentation impact1

$

            79

$

            108

$

            93

$

          70 

 Timing impact

4

—

(12

) 

38 

 Non-interest expenses

 Gross presentation impact1

79

108

93

70 

 Net change in revenue and expense

$

4

$

—

$

(12

) 

$

38 

1.

 Intersegment transactions have been eliminated.

 24. Subsequent Events 

The Firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements through the date of this report and has
not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto. 

159

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income

2018

2017

2016

 $ in millions

 Average

Daily 
Balance

 Interest

 Average

Rate

 Average

Daily 
Balance

 Interest

 Average

Rate

 Average

Daily 
Balance

 Interest

 Average

Rate

 Interest earning assets

 Investment securities1

 $

 81,977

 $

 1,744

 2.1

 % 

 $

 76,746

 $

 1,334

 1.7

 % 

 $

 78,562

 $

 1,142

 1.5%

 Loans1

 109,681

 4,249

 3.9

 98,727

 3,298

 3.3

 89,875

 2,724

 3.0    

Securities purchased under
agreements toresell and Securities borrowed
2:

 U.S.

 134,223

 2,262

 1.7

 125,453

 606

 0.5

 144,744

 (172

 ) 

 (0.1)   

Non-U.S.

 86,430

 (286

 ) 

 (0.3

 ) 

 95,478

 (437

 ) 

 (0.5

 ) 

 86,622

 (202

 ) 

 (0.2)   

 Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities3:

 U.S.

 57,780

 2,144

 3.7

 59,335

 1,876

 3.2

 49,746

 1,894

 3.8    

Non-U.S.

 9,014

 248

 2.8

 4,326

 153

 3.5

 12,843

 237

 1.8    

 Customer receivables and Other4:

 U.S.

 73,695

 2,592

 3.5

 72,440

 1,614

 2.2

 78,766

 1,080

 1.4    

Non-U.S.

 54,396

 939

 1.7

 40,179

 553

 1.4

 34,214

 313

 0.9    

 Total

 $

 607,196

 $

   13,892

 2.3

 % 

 $

     572,684

 $

     8,997

 1.6

 % 

 $

     575,372

 $

       7,016

 1.2%

 Interest bearing liabilities

 Deposits1

 $

   169,226

 $

 1,255

 0.7

 % 

 $

 151,442

 $

 187

 0.1

 % 

 $

 155,143

 $

 83

 0.1%

 Borrowings1, 5

 191,692

 5,031

 2.6

 184,453

 4,285

 2.3

 163,647

 3,606

 2.2    

Securities sold under
agreements torepurchase and Securities loaned
6:

 U.S.

 24,426

 1,408

 5.8

 30,866

 900

 2.9

 32,359

 555

 1.7    

Non-U.S.

 37,319

 490

 1.3

 39,396

 337

 0.9

 31,491

 422

 1.3    

 Customer payables and Other7:

 U.S.

 120,228

 1,061

 0.9

 128,274

 (213

 ) 

 (0.2

 ) 

 114,606

 (1,187

 ) 

 (1.0)   

Non-U.S.

 70,855

 841

 1.2

 65,496

 201

 0.3

 76,096

 (161

 ) 

 (0.2)   

 Total

 $

 613,746

 $

 10,086

 1.6

 % 

 $

 599,927

 $

 5,697

 0.9

 % 

 $

 573,342

 $

 3,318

 0.6%

Net interest income and net interest rate spread

$

3,806

0.7

% 

$

3,300

0.7

% 

$

3,698

0.6%

1.

 Amounts include primarily U.S. balances. 

2.

 Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed. 

3.

 Excludes non-interest earning assets and

non-interest bearing liabilities, such as equity securities. 

4.

 Includes interest from Customer receivables and Cash and cash equivalents. Prior period amounts have been revised to
conform to the current presentation. 

5.

 Includes structured notes, whose interest expense is considered part of its value and therefore is recorded within
Trading revenues (see Notes 3 and 11 to the financial statements). 

6.

 Includes fees received on Securities loaned. The annualized average rate was calculated using (a) interest
expense incurred on all securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheets and (b) net average
on-balance sheet balances, which exclude certain 
securities-for-securities
 transactions. 

7.

 Includes fees received from prime brokerage customers for stock loan transactions incurred to cover customers’
short positions. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

160

Table of Contents

 Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income

2018 versus 2017

2017 versus 2016

 Increase (Decrease)

Due to Change in:

 Increase (Decrease)

Due to Change in:

$ in millions

Volume

Rate

Net Change

Volume

Rate

Net Change

 Interest earning assets

 Investment securities

$

91

$

319

$

410

$

(26

) 

$

              218

$

192 

 Loans

366

585

951

268

306

574 

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed:

 U.S.

42

1,614

1,656

23

755

778 

 Non-U.S.

41

110

151

(21

) 

(214

) 

(235)

 Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities:

 U.S.

(49

) 

317

268

365

(383

) 

(18)

 Non-U.S.

166

(71

) 

95

(157

) 

73

(84)

 Customer receivables and Other:

 U.S.

28

950

978

(87

) 

621

534 

 Non-U.S.

196

190

386

55

185

240 

 Change in interest income

$

881

$

4,014

$

4,895

$

                420

$

1,561

$

          1,981 

 Interest bearing liabilities

 Deposits

$

22

$

1,046

$

1,068

$

(2

) 

$

106

$

104 

 Borrowings

168

578

746

458

221

679 

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned:

 U.S.

(188

) 

696

508

(26

) 

371

345 

 Non-U.S.

(18

) 

171

153

106

(191

) 

(85)

 Customer payables and Other:

 U.S.

13

1,261

1,274

(142

) 

1,116

974 

 Non-U.S.

16

624

640

22

340

362 

 Change in interest expense

$

              13

$

          4,376

$

        4,389

$

416

$

1,963

$

2,379 

 Change in net interest income

$

868

$

(362

) 

$

506

$

4

$

(402

) 

$

(398)

161

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)—(Continued)

 Deposits 

Average Daily Deposits

2018

2017

2016

$ in millions

AverageAmount

AverageRate

AverageAmount

AverageRate

AverageAmount

AverageRate

Deposits1:

 Savings

 $

   142,753

 0.4%

 $

 144,870

 0.1%

 $

   153,387

 —%

 Time

 26,473

 2.4%

 6,572

 1.6%

 1,756

 2.4%

 Total

 $

 169,226

 0.7%

 $

   151,442

 0.1%

 $

 155,143

 0.1%

1.

 The Firm’s deposits were primarily held in U.S. offices. 

Ratios 

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Net income to average total assets1

 1.0

 % 

 0.7

 % 

 0.7

 % 

 ROE1, 2

 11.8

 % 

 8.0

 % 

 8.0

 % 

 Return on total equity1, 3

 11.1

 % 

 7.8

 % 

 7.8

 % 

 Dividend payout ratio4 

 23.3

 % 

 29.3

 % 

 24.0

 % 

Total average common equity to average assets1

 8.1

 % 

 8.2

 % 

 8.5

 % 

 Total average equity to average total assets1

 9.1

 % 

 9.2

 % 

 9.4

 % 

1.

 Represents a non-GAAP measure. See “Executive Summary—Selected 
Non-GAAP Financial Information.” 

2.

 Percentage is based on Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley less Preferred stock dividends and other as a percentage
of average common equity. 

3.

 Percentage is based on Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley as a percentage of average total equity.

4.

 Percentage is based on dividends declared per common share as a percentage of earnings per diluted common share.

Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase and 

Securities Loaned 

 $ in millions

 2018

 2017

 20161

 Period-end
balance

 $

     61,667 

 $

     70,016 

 $

     70,472 

 Average balance2

 61,745 

 70,262 

 63,850 

 Maximum balance at any month-end

 72,161 

 77,063 

 72,154 

 Weighted average interest rate during the period3

 3.1%

 1.8%

 1.5%

 Weighted average interest rate on period-end balance
3

 4.1%

 1.5%

 0.6%

1.

 2016 has been revised to conform to the current presentation. 

2.

 The Firm calculated its average balances based upon daily amounts. 

3.

 The weighted average interest rate was calculated using (a) interest expense incurred on all securities sold
under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheets and (b) net average or period-end balances excluding certain 
securities-for-securities
 transactions as applicable.

 Cross-Border Outstandings 

At December 31, 2018

 $ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-banking
Financial
Institutions

Other

Total

 Country:

 Japan

 $

     16,130

 $

          14,974

 $

            30,301

 $

   9,951

 $

   71,356

 U.K.

 3,978

 7,683

 20,168

 11,083

 42,912

 Cayman Islands

 14

 —

 28,164

 5,342

 33,520

 France

 3,750

 1,420

 17,343

 6,584

 29,097

 Canada

 6,808

 2,153

 2,005

 2,455

 13,421

 Ireland

 664

 24

 8,466

 4,191

 13,345

 European Central Bank

 —

 12,008

 —

 —

 12,008

 Brazil

 2,464

 5,074

 579

 2,133

 10,250

 Germany

 822

 1,499

 4,137

 3,022

 9,480

 Luxembourg

 101

 291

 7,139

 1,289

 8,820

At December 31, 2017

 $ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-banking
Financial
Institutions

Other

Total

 Country:

 Japan

 $

     12,239

 $

           18,103

 $

            18,125

 $

   10,874

 $

   59,341

 U.K.

 4,870

 6,741

 24,731

 13,992

 50,334

 France

 3,401

 900

 12,781

 8,445

 25,527

 Cayman Islands

 17

 1

 16,041

 4,999

 21,058

 Ireland

 391

 52

 8,577

 4,601

 13,621

 Germany

 1,045

 1,191

 6,286

 3,765

 12,287

 Canada

 4,225

 621

 3,072

 3,695

 11,613

 Brazil

 2,761

 3,470

 315

 3,809

 10,355

 China

 902

 1,713

 940

 5,852

 9,407

 South Korea

 447

 2,871

 1,020

 4,922

 9,260

 Netherlands

 313

 982

 2,446

 4,377

 8,118

At December 31, 20161

 $ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-banking
Financial
Institutions

Other

Total

 Country:

 Japan

$

    12,465

$

          12,388

$

            32,380

$

9,264

$

66,497

 U.K.

3,589

4,794

22,456

  11,637

  42,476

 France

3,069

6,264

15,917

7,623

32,873

 Cayman Islands

5

—

16,272

3,124

19,401

 Germany

1,609

3,828

4,983

3,524

13,944

 Ireland

478

160

6,998

4,504

12,140

 Canada

3,503

838

2,570

3,419

10,330

 Brazil

1,682

4,675

159

2,236

8,752

 South Korea

290

2,563

996

4,233

8,082

December 2018 Form 10-K

162

Table of Contents

 Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)—(Continued)

 Cross-border outstandings are based upon the FFIEC regulatory guidelines for reporting
cross-border risk. Claims include cash, customer and other receivables, securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed and cash trading instruments, but exclude commitments. Securities purchased under agreements to resell and
securities borrowed are presented based on the domicile of the counterparty, without reduction for related securities collateral held. For information regarding the Firm’s country risk exposure, see “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Risk—Country Risk.” 
The previous tables set forth cross-border outstandings for each country, excluding
derivative exposure, in which cross-border outstandings exceed 1% of the Firm’s consolidated assets or 20% of the Firm’s total capital, whichever is less, in accordance with the FFIEC guidelines: 

$ in millions

Cross-Border Exposure
2

 At December 31, 2018

 Netherlands

$

7,338

 At December 31, 2017

Australia, European Central Bank, Luxembourg and India

$

29,257

 At December 31, 2016

 Singapore and Switzerland

$

14,626

1.

 2016 was revised to conform to the current presentation. 

2.

 Cross-border exposure, including derivative contracts, that exceeds 0.75% but does not exceed 1% of the Firm’s
consolidated assets. 

163

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Glossary of Common Acronyms

 2018 Form 10-K

 Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended
December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC

 ABS

 Asset-backed securities

 AFS

Available-for-sale

 AML

 Anti-money laundering

 AOCI

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 AUM

 Assets under management or supervision

 BEAT

 Base erosion and anti-abuse tax

 BHC

 Bank holding company

 bps

 Basis points; one basis point equals 1/100th of 1%

 CCAR

 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review

 CCyB

 Countercyclical capital buffer

 CDO

 Collateralized debt obligation(s), including Collateralized loan obligation(s)

 CDS

 Credit default swaps

 CECL

 Current expected credit loss

 CFTC

 U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission

 CLN

 Credit-linked note(s)

 CLO

 Collateralized loan obligation(s)

 CMBS

 Commercial mortgage-backed securities

 CMO

 Collateralized mortgage obligation(s)

 CVA

 Credit valuation adjustment

 DVA

 Debt valuation adjustment

 EBITDA

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

 ELN

 Equity-linked note(s)

 EMEA

 Europe, Middle East and Africa

 EPS

 Earnings per common
share

 E.U.

 European Union

 FDIC

 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

 FFELP

 Federal Family Education Loan Program

 FFIEC

 Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council

 FHC

 Financial Holding Company

 FICO

 Fair Isaac Corporation

 FVA

 Funding valuation adjustment

 GILTI

 Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income

 GLR

 Global liquidity reserve

 G-SIB

 Global systemically important banks

 HELOC

 Home Equity Line of Credit

 HQLA

 High-quality liquid assets

 HTM

Held-to-maturity

 I/E

 Intersegment eliminations

 IHC

 Intermediate holding company

 IM

 Investment Management

 IRS

 Internal Revenue Service

 IS

 Institutional Securities

 LCR

 Liquidity coverage ratio, as adopted by the U.S. banking agencies

 LIBOR

 London Interbank Offered Rate

 M&A

 Merger, acquisition and restructuring transaction

 MSBNA

 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.

 MS&Co.

 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

 MSIP

 Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc

 MSMS

 Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd.

 MSPBNA

 Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association

 MSSB LLC

 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
LLC

December 2018 Form 10-K

164

Table of Contents

 Glossary of Common Acronyms

 MUFG

 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.

 MUMSS

 Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.

 MWh

 Megawatt hour

 N/A

 Not Applicable

 NAV

 Net asset value

 N/M

 Not Meaningful

 Non-GAAP

 Non-generally accepted accounting
principles

 NSFR

 Net stable funding ratio, as proposed by the U.S. banking agencies

 OCC

 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

 OCI

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 OIS

 Overnight index swap

 OTC

Over-the-counter

 PRA

 Prudential Regulation Authority

 PSU

 Performance-based stock unit

 RMBS

 Residential mortgage-backed securities

 ROE

 Return on average common equity

 ROTCE

 Return on average tangible common equity

 RSU

 Restricted stock unit

 RWA

 Risk-weighted assets

 SEC

 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

 SLR

 Supplementary leverage ratio

 S&P

 Standard & Poor’s

 SPE

 Special purpose entity

 SPOE

 Single point of entry

 TDR

 Troubled debt restructuring

 TLAC

 Total loss-absorbing capacity

 U.K.

 United Kingdom

 UPB

 Unpaid principal balance

 U.S.

 United States of America

 U.S. DOL

 U.S. Department of Labor

 U.S. GAAP

 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America

 VaR

Value-at-Risk

 VAT

 Value-added tax

 VIE

 Variable interest entity

 WACC

 Implied weighted average cost of capital

 WM

 Wealth Management

165

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Controls and Procedures 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, the Firm conducted an evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Firm’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Firm’s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).

 The internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

•

 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Firm; 

•

 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Firm’s management and directors; and 

•

 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of Firm assets that could have a material effect on the Firm’s financial statements. 

Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Management assessed the
effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management’s assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Firm maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018. 

The Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm has audited and issued a report on the Firm’s
internal control over financial reporting, which appears below. 

December 2018 Form 10-K

166

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley: 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Firm maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
consolidated financial statements of the Firm as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018 and our report dated February 26, 2019, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Firm’s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about

whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York 
February 26, 2019 

167

December 2018 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2018 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting. 

Other Information 

None.