Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. 

We face intense competition across
all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. 

Competition in the technology sector

Our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small,
specialized firms whose narrower product lines may let them be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Barriers to entry in our businesses generally are low and software products can be distributed broadly and
quickly at relatively low cost. Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our ability to remain competitive depends
on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. 

Competition among platforms,
ecosystems, and devices 

An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many
participants can build diverse solutions. A well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. Establishing significant scale in the marketplace is
necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. The strategic importance of developing and maintaining a vibrant ecosystem increased with the launch of the Windows 8 operating system, Surface, Windows Phone, and associated cloud-based
services. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services. 

•

 A competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the software and hardware elements of a product and related services, has been
successful with some consumer products such as personal computers, tablets, mobile phones, gaming consoles, and digital music players. Competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services that are integrated with the hardware and software
platform. We also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services; however, our competitors in smartphones and tablets have established significantly larger user bases. Efforts to compete with the vertically integrated
model will increase our cost of revenue and reduce our operating margins. 

•

 We derive substantial revenue from licenses of Windows operating systems on personal computers. We face substantial competitive challenges from competing
platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablet computers. These devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. Users are increasingly turning to these
devices to perform functions that would have been performed by personal computers in the past. Even if many users view these devices as complementary to a personal computer, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract
applications developers to our platforms. In addition, Surface competes with products made by our OEM partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform. 

•

 Competing platforms have applications marketplaces (sometimes referred to as “stores”) with scale and significant installed bases on mobile devices.
These applications leverage free and user-paid services that over time result in disincentives for users to switch to competing platforms. In order to compete, we must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our marketplace and
ensure that these applications have high quality, customer appeal, and value. Efforts to compete with these application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins. 

14 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

Business model competition 

Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models. 

•

 Under the license-based proprietary software model that generates most of our revenue, we bear the costs of converting original ideas into software products
through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from licensing our products. Many of our competitors also develop and sell software to businesses and consumers under this model and we expect this
competition to continue. 

•

 Other competitors develop and offer free applications, online services and content, and make money by selling third-party advertising. Advertising revenue
funds development of products and services these competitors provide to users at no or little cost, competing directly with our revenue-generating products. 

•

 Some companies compete with us using an open source business model by modifying and then distributing open source software at nominal cost to end-users and
earning revenue on advertising or complementary services and products. These firms do not bear the full costs of research and development for the software. Some open source software vendors develop software that mimics the features and functionality
of our products. 

The competitive pressures described above may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions,
and/or increased operating costs, such as for marketing and sales incentives. This may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. 

Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks.    A growing part of our strategy involves cloud-based services used with smart devices. Our competitors are
rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services for consumers and business customers. Pricing and delivery models are evolving. Devices and form factors influence how users access services in the cloud and in some cases the user’s choice
of which suite of cloud-based services to use. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own competing cloud-based strategies. The Windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. While we believe our
expertise, investments in infrastructure, and the breadth of our cloud-based services provide us with a strong foundation to compete, it is uncertain whether our strategies will attract the users or generate the revenue required to be successful. In
addition to software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services. These costs may reduce the operating margins we have previously achieved. Whether we are successful in this new
business model depends on our execution in a number of areas, including: 

•

 continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based experiences that generate increasing traffic and market share; 

•

 maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices, including PCs, smartphones,
tablets, and television-related devices; 

•

 continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers; and 

•

 ensuring that our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data.

In July 2013, we announced a change in organizational structure as part of our transformation to a devices and
services company. This change in structure is designed to enable us to innovate with greater speed, efficiency, and capability in the fast-changing competitive environment. We expect this change to alter the way we plan, develop, and market our
products and services, as we pursue a single strategy to offer a family of devices and services designed to empower our customers for the activities they value most. It is uncertain whether our “One Microsoft” strategy will yield the
anticipated efficiencies or competitive benefits. 

As we increasingly license cloud-based versions of our products and services, such as
Office 365, rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the period of the subscription. 

15 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

We make significant investments in new products and services that may not be
profitable.    We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including the Windows operating system, the Microsoft Office system,
Bing, Windows Phone, Windows Server, the Windows Store, the Windows Azure Services platform, Office 365, other cloud-based services offerings, and the Xbox 360 entertainment platform. We will continue to invest in new software and hardware products,
services, and technologies, such as the Microsoft-designed and manufactured Surface launched in October 2012. Investments in new technology are speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and
effective distribution and marketing. If customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software products or upgrades, unfavorably impacting revenue.
We may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins
for some new products and businesses will not be as high as the margins we have experienced historically. 

In October 2012, we launched
Windows 8, a major new release of our operating system, which seeks to deliver a unique user experience through well-integrated software, hardware, and services. Its success depends on a number of factors including the extent to which customers
embrace the new user interface and functionality, successfully coordinating with our OEM partners in releasing a variety of hardware devices that take advantage of new features, pricing Windows 8-based devices competitively, and attracting
developers at scale to ensure a competitive array of quality applications. The marketing costs we are incurring to promote Windows 8 and associated services and devices may reduce our operating margins. 

Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business.    We expect to
continue making acquisitions or entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business
strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we experience difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology, or that the transaction diverts management’s attention from our other
businesses. Our acquisition of Skype, for example, provides opportunities to enhance our existing products. The success of this acquisition will depend in part on our ability to provide compelling experiences that distinguish us from our competitors
in both consumer and business markets. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or increased market share, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than
anticipated or may not be realized. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

We may not be able to
adequately protect our intellectual property rights.    Protecting our global intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software and other intellectual property is difficult. While piracy
adversely affects U.S. revenue, the impact on revenue from outside the U.S. is more significant, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. As a result, our revenue in these markets may grow slower than
the underlying PC market. Similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights. Throughout the world, we actively educate consumers about the benefits of licensing genuine products
and obtaining indemnification benefits for intellectual property risks, and we educate lawmakers about the advantages of a business climate where intellectual property rights are protected. However, continued educational and enforcement efforts may
fail to enhance revenue. Reductions in the legal protection for software intellectual property rights could adversely affect revenue. 

Third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights.    From time to time, we receive notices from
others claiming we infringe their intellectual property rights. The number of these claims may grow because of constant technological change in the segments in which we compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies, the rapid rate
of issuance of new patents, and our offering of Microsoft-branded services and hardware devices, such as Surface. To resolve these claims we may enter into royalty and licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available,
stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. These outcomes may cause operating margins to decline. In addition to money damages, in some jurisdictions plaintiffs
can seek injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. In some countries, such 

16 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

as Germany, an injunction can be issued before the parties have fully litigated the validity of the underlying patents. We have made and expect to continue making significant expenditures to
settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk. 

We may not be able to protect our source code from copying if there is an unauthorized disclosure of source code.    Source code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems
and other software programs, is critical to our business. Although we license portions of our application and operating system source code to a number of licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of our source
code. If an unauthorized disclosure of a significant portion of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. It may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying
functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. Unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the security risks described in the next paragraph. 

Cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position. 

Security of Microsoft’s information technology 

Maintaining the security of computers and
computer networks is paramount for us and our customers. Threats to information technology (“IT”) security can take a variety of forms. Hackers develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our
products and services and gain access to our networks and data centers. Groups of hackers may also act in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service attacks, or other coordinated attacks. Sophisticated organizations, individuals,
or governments launch targeted attacks to gain access to our network. Breaches of our network or data security could disrupt and compromise the security of our internal systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our
customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property, or otherwise
adversely affect our business. 

In addition, our internal IT environment continues to evolve. Often we are early adopters of new devices
and technologies. We embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. These practices can enhance efficiency and business
insight, but they also present risks that our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with the speed of these changes. 

Security of our customers’ products and services 

Security threats are a particular challenge to companies like us whose business is technology products and services. The threats to our own IT infrastructure also affect our customers. Customers using our
cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their data. Hackers tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including
many of ours, and we expect them to continue to do so. The security of our products and services is an important consideration in our customers’ purchasing decisions. 

We devote significant resources to defend against security threats, both to our internal IT systems and those of our customers. These include: 

•

 engineering more secure products and services; 

•

 enhancing security and reliability features in our products and services, and continuously evaluating and updating those security and reliability features;

•

 improving the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities; 

•

 investing in mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed; 

17 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

•

 protecting the digital security infrastructure that ensures the integrity of our products and services; 

•

 helping our customers make the best use of our products and services to protect against computer viruses and other attacks; and 

•

 providing customers online automated security tools, published security guidance, and security software such as firewalls and anti-virus software.

The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins. Despite these efforts, actual or perceived security
vulnerabilities in our products and services could cause significant reputational harm and lead some customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. Customers may also
increase their expenditures on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. Any of these actions by customers could adversely affect our revenue. Actual or perceived
vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to such liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. Legislative
or regulatory action may increase the costs to develop or implement our products and services. 

Improper disclosure of personal data
could result in liability and harm our reputation.    As we continue to grow the number and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personally identifiable information of our
customers. At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. This environment demands that we continuously improve our design and
coordination of security controls across our business groups and geographies. Despite these efforts, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices we follow may
not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information that we or our vendors store and manage. Improper disclosure of this information could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers, or subject us to liability
under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our software products and services also enable our customers to store and process personal data on premise or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment we
host. We believe consumers using our email, messaging, storage, sharing, and social networking services will increasingly want efficient, centralized methods of choosing their privacy preferences and controlling their data. Perceptions that our
products or services do not adequately protect the privacy of personal information could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could constrain consumer and business adoption of our cloud-based solutions. 

We may experience outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations
infrastructure.    Our increasing user traffic and the complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to purchase or lease data centers
and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more traffic on our websites and in our data centers, and to introduce new products and services and support existing services such as Bing, Exchange Online, Office
365, SharePoint Online, SkyDrive, Skype, Xbox LIVE, Windows Azure, Outlook.com, and Microsoft Office Web Apps. We also are growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third-party businesses to their end
customers. Maintaining and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex. Inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user
experience resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which may harm our operating results and financial
condition. 

We are subject to government litigation and regulatory activity that may limit how we design and market our
products.    As a leading global software maker, we are closely scrutinized by government agencies under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Some jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers
to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. For example, we were sued on competition law grounds by the U.S. Department of Justice, 18 states, and the District of Columbia in the late 1990s. The resolution of the government lawsuits imposed
various constraints on our Windows operating system businesses. Although these constraints expired in May 2011, we expect that federal and state antitrust authorities will continue to closely scrutinize our business. 

18 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

The European Commission closely scrutinizes the design of high-volume Microsoft products and the
terms on which we make certain technologies used in these products, such as file formats, programming interfaces, and protocols, available to other companies. In 2004, the Commission ordered us to create new versions of Windows that do not include
certain multimedia technologies and to provide our competitors with specifications for how to implement certain proprietary Windows communications protocols in their own products. In 2009, the Commission accepted a set of commitments offered by
Microsoft to address the Commission’s concerns relating to competition in Web browsing software, including an undertaking to address Commission concerns relating to interoperability. These obligations may limit our ability to innovate in
Windows or other products in the future, diminish the developer appeal of the Windows platform, and increase our product development costs. The availability of licenses related to protocols and file formats may enable competitors to develop software
products that better mimic the functionality of our products which could hamper sales of our products. 

Government regulatory
actions and court decisions such as these may hinder our ability to provide the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, thereby reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that come from them. New competition law
actions could be initiated at any time. The outcome of such actions, or steps taken to avoid them, could adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including: 

•

 We may have to choose between withdrawing products from certain geographies to avoid fines or designing and developing alternative versions of those products
to comply with government rulings, which may entail a delay in a product release and removing functionality that customers want or on which developers rely. 

•

 We may be required to make available licenses to our proprietary technologies on terms that do not reflect their fair market value or do not protect our
associated intellectual property. 

•

 The rulings described above may be used as precedent in other competition law proceedings. 

•

 We are subject to a variety of ongoing commitments as a result of court or administrative orders, consent decrees or other voluntary actions we have taken. If
we fail to comply with these commitments we may incur litigation costs and be subject to substantial fines or other remedial actions. For example, in July 2012, we announced that, for some PCs sold in Europe, we were not in compliance with our 2009
agreement to display a “Browser Choice Screen” on Windows PCs where Internet Explorer is the default browser. As a result, the European Commission imposed a fine of €
561 million (approximately $733 million). 

Our products and online
services offerings, including new technologies we develop or acquire such as Skype, are subject to government regulation in some jurisdictions, including in areas of user privacy, telecommunications, data protection, and online content. The
application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear, subject to change over time, and sometimes may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Additionally these laws and governments’ approach to their enforcement, as
well as our products and services, are continuing to evolve. Compliance with these types of regulation may involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices that result in reduced revenue. Noncompliance could result in
penalties being imposed on us or orders that we stop the alleged noncompliant activity. 

Our business depends on our ability to
attract and retain talented employees.    Our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We are
limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and
services may be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and
execution. 

Delays in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenue.    The development of
software products is a complex and time-consuming process. New products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing periods. Our increasing focus on devices and cloud-based services also presents new and complex
development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. 

19 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A 

Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our
business.    Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including inflation, recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may result in lower IT spending and adversely affect our revenue. If demand for PCs, servers,
and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected. Our product distribution system also relies on an extensive partner and retail network. OEMs building devices
that run our software have also been a significant means of distribution. The impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, OEM, or retailer, could result in sales channel disruption. Challenging
economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. We maintain an investment
portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that affect global financial markets. A significant part of
our investment portfolio consists of U.S. government securities. If global credit and equity markets experience prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a downgrade of U.S. government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and
we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. 

We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes.    We are subject to a variety of claims and
lawsuits. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. The litigation and other claims are subject to inherent
uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact on our financial statements also could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and
reasonably estimable. 

We may have additional tax liabilities.    We are subject to income taxes in the U.S.
and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. We regularly are under audit by tax authorities. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. Although we believe our tax estimates are
reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial
statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

We earn a significant amount of our operating income from
outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to the U.S. may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals from Congress to change U.S. tax laws that would
significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed legislation may pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and
cash flows. 

Our hardware and software products may experience quality or supply problems.    Our
vertically-integrated hardware products such as the Xbox 360 console, Surface, and other hardware devices we design and market are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. We could incur significant
expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we fail to detect or effectively address such issues through design, testing, or warranty repairs. We obtain some components of our hardware devices from sole suppliers. Our competitors use some of
the same suppliers and their demand for hardware components can affect the amount of capacity available to us. If a component delivery from a sole-source supplier is delayed or becomes unavailable or industry shortages occur, we may be unable to
obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales. Component shortages, excess or obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. Xbox 360 consoles and Surface are assembled
in Asia; disruptions in the supply chain may result in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. These same risks would apply to any other vertically-integrated hardware and software products we may offer. 

Our stand-alone software products also may experience quality or reliability problems. The highly sophisticated software products we develop may
contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could result in reduced sales and revenue, damage to our

20 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1A, 1B 

reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or
limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge. 

If our goodwill or
amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.    We acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those
acquisitions, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may
not be recoverable, include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the
period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, we recorded a $6.2 billion charge for the
impairment of goodwill in our Online Services Division business segment. 

We operate a global business that exposes us to additional
risks.    We operate in over 100 countries and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. Competitive or regulatory pressure to make our pricing structure uniform might require that we reduce the sales
price of our software in the U.S. and other countries. Operations outside the U.S. may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. The Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and local laws (“Anti-Corruption Laws”) prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents. While we devote substantial resources to our global compliance programs and have implemented certain policies, training,
and internal controls designed to reduce the risk of corrupt payments, if we fail to comply with Anti-Corruption Laws, we may be exposed to significant fines and penalties. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth
strategy. The developing nature of these markets presents a number of risks. Deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a specific country or region, such as current uncertainties relating to European economic weakness, and
difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, may also adversely affect our operations or financial results. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S.
dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenue. 

Catastrophic events or geo-political conditions may disrupt our
business.    A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing
services, or performing other mission-critical functions. Our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other critical business operations are located in the Seattle, Washington area, and
we have other business operations in the Silicon Valley area of California, both of which are near major earthquake faults. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm
our ability to conduct normal business operations. Our move toward providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans, and
magnifies the potential impact of prolonged service outages on our operating results. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating
costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers, and may result in supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers, either of which may adversely affect our revenue.
The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy in general or the IT industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of
goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business. Changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.