We wish to caution the reader that the following important risk factors, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this report
or in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward-looking statements contained in this document and elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of
importance or probability of occurrence. 

The uncertainty of current economic and political conditions makes budgeting and
forecasting very difficult and may reduce demand for our products. 

Current conditions in the domestic and world economies
remain uncertain. This is particularly true of U.S. government customers’ budgetary conditions. As a result of global economic conditions, U.S. and European unemployment levels, the ongoing recession in Europe and ongoing political conflicts in
the Middle East and elsewhere have created many economic and political uncertainties that have impacted worldwide markets. As a result, it is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in
which we participate. Components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of demand for our products, the prevailing economic uncertainties render estimates of future income and expenditures difficult. 

We have sizeable operations in Europe, which have been and will be impacted by the ongoing financial situation in Europe and the weakening
Euro. We have engineering resources in Israel that could be disrupted as a result of hostilities in the region. We also sell our products and services throughout the Middle East and demand for our products and services could be negatively impacted
by political conflicts and hostilities in this region. The potential for future unrest, terrorist attacks, increased global conflicts and the escalation of existing conflicts has created worldwide uncertainties that have negatively impacted, and may
continue to negatively impact, demand for certain of our products. 

We continue to face a number of risks related to current global
economic conditions, including adverse credit conditions, low economic growth, risk of sovereign defaults and high levels of unemployment. 

Global economic conditions continue to be challenging for government and enterprise communications markets, as many economies and financial markets remain in a recession resulting from a number of
factors, including adverse credit conditions, low economic growth rates, risk of sovereign defaults, particularly in certain European countries, continuing high rates of unemployment, reduced corporate capital spending and other factors. Economic
growth in the U.S. and many other countries has remained low and the length of time these adverse economic conditions may persist are unknown. These global economic conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business in a number of
ways, including: 

Potential Deferment or Cancellation of Purchases and Orders by Customers: Uncertainty about current
and future global economic conditions may cause, and in some cases has caused businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases in response to tighter credit and decreased cash availability and declining consumer confidence. If future demand
for our products declines due to global economic conditions, it will negatively impact our financial results. 

Customers’ Inability to Obtain Financing to Make Purchases from Motorola Solutions and/or Maintain Their Business: Some of our
customers require substantial financing, including public financing or government grants, in order to fund their operations and make purchases from us. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds to finance purchases
of our products and/or meet their payment obligations to us could have, and in some cases has had, a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, if global economic conditions result in insolvencies for our customers, it will negatively
impact our financial results. 

Requests by Customers for Vendor Financing by Motorola Solutions: Certain of our
customers, particularly, but not limited to, those who purchase large infrastructure systems, request that their suppliers provide financing in connection with equipment purchases or the provision of managed services. In response to reduced tax
revenue at the state and local government level and ongoing tightening of credit for certain customers, these types of requests have increased in volume and scope. Motorola Solutions, particularly in its Government and Public Safety business, but
also in connection with its Global Services offering, has continued to provide customer financing in light of these requests. A continuation of the credit market dislocation could force us to 

Table of Contents

  10  

choose between further increasing our level of vendor financing or potentially losing sales to these customers, as some of our competitors, particularly in Asia, have been more willing to provide
vendor financing. We also retain exposure to the credit quality of our customers who we finance. 

Negative Impact from
Increased Financial Pressures on Third-Party Dealers, Distributors and Retailers: We make sales in certain regions through third-party dealers, distributors and retailers. Although many of these third parties have significant operations and
maintain access to available credit, others are smaller and more likely to be impacted by the significant decrease in available credit that resulted from the financial crisis that continues today. If credit pressures or other financial difficulties
result in insolvency for important third parties and we are unable to successfully transition end-customers to purchase our products from other third parties or from us directly, it may cause, and in some cases has caused, a negative impact on our
financial results. 

Negative Impact from Increased Financial Pressures on Key Suppliers: Our ability to meet
customers’ demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials, parts and components from our suppliers. Certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited sources. If
certain single-source or limited-source suppliers were to become capacity constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or an increase in the price of supplies and negatively impact our financial results. In
addition, credit constraints at single-source suppliers have resulted in accelerated payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow. If this trend continues, it will continue to negatively impact our cash flow. 

Increased Risk of Financial Counterparty Failures Could Negatively Impact our Financial Position: We use derivative financial
instruments to reduce our overall exposure to the effects of currency fluctuations on cash flows. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to these derivative financial instruments. Although the contracts
are distributed among several leading financial institutions, all of whom presently have investment grade credit ratings, the default by one or more counterparty could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. 

Returns on Pension and Retirement Plan Assets and Interest Rate Changes Could Affect Our Earnings and Cash Flow in Future Periods:
We have large underfunded pension obligations, in part resulting from the fact that we typically retain all of the U.S. pension liabilities and the majority of our non-U.S. pension liabilities following our divestitures, including the distribution
of Motorola Mobility. The funding position of our pension plans is affected by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity and debt markets, and the interest rates used to calculate our pension obligations for funding and
expense purposes. Annual pension contributions are determined by government regulations and calculated based upon our pension funding status, interest rates, and other factors. If the financial markets perform poorly, we could be and have been
required to make additional large contributions. The equity markets can be volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly, changes in interest rates can
affect our contribution requirements. In a low interest rate environment like the one we are in, the likelihood of higher contributions in the future increases. 

We have direct and indirect exposure to European sovereign and non-sovereign debt, European markets in terms of our revenues and cash flows and to fluctuations in the Euro. 

We view our exposures to the Euro as follows as of December 31, 2011: 

•

 Our cash and cash equivalents include approximately $300 million of Euro denominated currency 

•

 Our accounts receivables balance includes approximately $230 million of Euro denominated receivables 

•

 We estimate that approximately 10% of our total annual estimated 2012 sales are Euro denominated 

•

 Company-sponsored defined benefit plans have no material exposure to Euro sovereign debt, approximately $50 million exposure to Euro corporate bonds,
and approximately $220 million to Euro equity investments 

A significant devaluation of, or movement away
from, the use of the Euro could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Table of Contents

11

Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies and our results
can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. 

The markets for our
products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards. We face intense competition in these markets and new products are expensive to develop and bring to market. Our success depends, in substantial part, on the
timely and successful introduction of new products and upgrades of current products to comply with emerging industry standards and to address competing technological and product developments carried out by our competitors. The research and
development of new, technologically-advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology and market trends. Many of our products and systems are
complex and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies in the future. We may focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely accepted or are not commercially viable or involve
compliance obligations with additional areas of regulatory requirements. In addition, our products may contain defects or errors that are detected only after deployment. If our products are not competitive or do not work properly, our business will
suffer. 

Our results are subject to risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products,
such as integrated digital radios and integrated public safety systems. These risks include among others: (i) difficulties and delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products; (ii) customer acceptance of products;
(iii) the development of, approval of, and compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements; (iv) the significant amount of resources we must devote to the development of new technologies; and (v) the ability to
differentiate our products and compete with other companies in the same markets. 

We are exposed to risks under large multi-year system and
managed services contracts that may negatively impact our business. 

We enter into large multi-year system contracts with
large municipal, state, nation-wide government and enterprise customers. This exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) the technological risks of such contracts, especially when the contracts involve new technology, and
(ii) financial risks under these contracts, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with large contracts and the related impact on operating results. We are also facing increasing competition from traditional system
integrators and the defense industry as system contracts become larger and more complicated. 

Political developments also can
impact the nature and timing of large government contracts. In addition, multi-year awards from governmental customers may often only receive partial funding initially and may typically be cancellable on short notice with limited penalties. The
termination of funding for a government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

In addition, we are increasingly providing managed services to our customers, particularly as we expand our Global Services organization,
which requires that we partner with other systems and services providers, often on multi-year projects, to design, construct, manage and operate a public-safety system or other commercial system. From time to time such projects may require that we
form a joint venture with our partners. Such arrangements may require us to assume the risk and agree to specific performance metrics that meet the customer’s requirement for network availability, reliability, maintenance and support. In
certain cases, if these performance metrics are not met we may not be paid. Depending on the nature of such projects, which are referred to as build-own-operate (“BOO”) and in some cases maintain (“BOOM”) or transfer
(“BOOT”), we may be unable to recognize revenue from the sale of equipment for a period of time, which may be several years. Such BOO, BOOM and BOOT arrangements shift risk to us and may result in an adverse impact on our profitability if
we are unable to meet the requirements of such contracts. 

The expansion of our business into managed services creates new and increased
areas of risk that we have not been exposed to in the past and that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate against. 

In July 2011, we announced the formation of our Global Services organization and we plan to expand our business by offering additional and expanded managed services for existing and new types of
customers, such as designing, building and managing the network for emergency service organizations or enterprise customers. The 

Table of Contents

  12  

offering of managed services involves the integration of multiple services, multiple vendors and multiple technologies. Such expansion will bring us into contact with new regulatory requirements
and restrictions with which we will have to comply. This may increase the costs and delay or limit the range of new services which we will be able to offer. 

The managed services business is one characterized by large subcontracting arrangements and we may not be able to obtain adequate indemnities or other protections from our subcontractors to adequately
mitigate our risk to our customers. 

We do not currently carry professional liability insurance, as such insurance is expensive
to obtain for the amount of coverage typically requested by certain customers and we are therefore self insured for potential claims resulting from the managed services we provide. 

A portion of our business is dependent upon U.S. Government contracts and grants, which are highly regulated and subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives and subject to
cancellations. Such audits could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business. 

Our government business is
subject to specific procurement regulations with numerous compliance requirements. These requirements, although customary in U.S. Government contracting, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs may increase in the future, thereby
reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Failure to comply with these regulations could lead to suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time, and the
inability to receive future grants. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices, protection of the
environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, foreign corruption and the False Claims Act. 

Generally,
U.S. Government contracts and grants are subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments to our contracts or grants. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract
or grant may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. Future audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit
findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract or grant, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. All contracts
with the U.S. Government are subject to cancellation at the convenience of the U.S. Government. 

In addition, contacts
with government officials and participation in political activities are areas that are tightly controlled by federal, state and local laws. Failure to comply with these laws could cost us opportunities to seek certain government sales opportunities
or even result in fines, prosecution, or debarment
. 

We derive a portion of our revenue from government customers who award business
through competitive bidding which can involve significant upfront costs and risks. This effort may not result in awards of business or we may fail to accurately estimate the costs to fulfill contracts awarded to us, which could have adverse
consequences on our future profitability. 

Many government customers, including most U.S. government customers, award
business through a competitive bidding process, which results in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids for contracts that may not be awarded
to us. Even if we are awarded contracts, we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill a contract, which could negatively impact the profitability of any contract award to us. In addition, following a contract award,
we have experienced and may continue to experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of customer delay or our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding.

Government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of public safety broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new
competitors. 

Radio frequencies are required to provide wireless services. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in
the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. The growth of public safety broadband communications systems may be affected: (i) by regulations relating to

Table of Contents

13

the access to allocated spectrum for public safety users, (ii) if adequate frequencies are not allocated, or (iii) if new technologies are not developed to better utilize the
frequencies currently allocated for such use. Industry growth may also be affected by new licensing fees required to use frequencies. 

The U.S. leads the world in spectrum deregulation, allowing new wireless communications technologies to be developed and offered for sale. Examples include wireless local area network systems, such as
WiFi, mesh technologies and wide area network systems, such as WiMAX and LTE. Other countries have also deregulated portions of their available spectrum to allow deployment of these and other technologies. Deregulation may introduce new competition
and new opportunities for us. 

The U.S. is currently contemplating allocating the 10 MHz in the 700 MHz spectrum “D
block” to public safety. Alternatively the D block spectrum may be auctioned to commercial carriers, as has been advocated by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”). Failure to allocate the D block spectrum to public safety
could reduce sales of next generation public safety communications systems in the U.S. and, as a result, could negatively impact our business. Even if D block legislation passes, there remains a risk that some provisions of the legislation may limit
our ability to compete for LTE business and could also limit future narrowband sales if the legislation requires public safety to give back narrowband spectrum in the 700 MHz spectrum block. 

Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face. 

Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world and more than 40% of our revenue is generated by customers outside the U.S.
In addition, we have a number of manufacturing, research and development, administrative and sales facilities outside the U.S. and more than 50% of our employees are employed outside the U.S. Most of our suppliers’ operations are outside the
U.S. and most of our products are manufactured outside the U.S. 

As with all companies that have sizeable sales and operations
outside the U.S., we are exposed to risks that could negatively impact sales or profitability, including but not limited to: (i) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and certifications,
including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications; (ii) changes in U.S. and non-U.S. rules related to trade, environmental, health and safety, technical standards
and consumer protection; (iii) longer payment cycles; (iv) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the U.S., obligations under tax incentive agreements, difficulties in
repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations; (v) currency fluctuations, particularly in the euro, Chinese renminbi, the British pound, Japanese
yen, Malaysian ringgit and the Brazilian real among others; (vi) foreign exchange regulations, which may limit our ability to convert or repatriate foreign currency; (vii) challenges in collecting accounts receivable; (viii) cultural
and language differences; (ix) employment regulations and local labor conditions; (x) difficulties protecting intellectual property in foreign countries; (xi) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation,
recession and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; (xii) natural disasters such as the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan and floods in Thailand; (xiii) public health issues or outbreaks; (xiv) changes in laws or
regulations that negatively impact benefits being received by us or that require costly modifications in products sold or operations performed in such countries; (xv) the impact of each of the foregoing on our outsourcing and procurement
arrangements; and (xvi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign administrative proceedings. 

Many of our products
that are manufactured outside the U.S. are manufactured in Asia (primarily Malaysia and China) and Latin America (primarily Mexico). If manufacturing in these regions is disrupted, our overall capacity could be significantly reduced and sales or
profitability could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the legal system in China is still developing and this and other legal systems around the world are subject to change. Accordingly, our operations and orders for products in China could be
negatively impacted by changes to, or interpretation of, Chinese law. 

We also have a presence in emerging markets such as
India. We face additional challenges in emerging markets, including creating demand for our products and the negative impact of changes in the laws or the interpretation of the laws, in those countries. 

We also are subject to risks that our operations could be conducted by our employees, contractors, representatives or agents in ways that
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, or other 

Table of Contents

  14  

similar anti-corruption laws. While we have policies and procedures to comply with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies.
Any such violations could have a negative impact on our business. Moreover, we face additional risks that our anti-corruption policies and procedures may be violated by third party sales representatives or other third parties that help sell our
products or provide other services, because such representatives or agents are not our employees and it may be more difficult to oversee their conduct. 

We may not continue to have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded. 

From time to time we access the capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to the capital markets and the availably of acceptable
terms and conditions are impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (iii) the current state of the economy. There can be no assurances that we will continue to
have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. 

We are rated middle triple B by all three national rating
agencies. Any downward changes by the rating agencies to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. Under certain circumstances, if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative
action is taken, an increase in the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit facility could result. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our ability to: access the debt markets; provide performance bonds, bid
bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds; hedge foreign exchange risk; fund our foreign affiliates; and sell receivables. A downgrade in our credit rating could also result in less favorable trade terms with suppliers. In addition, any
downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and may affect the terms of any such financing. Any future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets may result in higher
funding costs for us and adversely affect our ability to access funds and other credit related products. 

Changes in our effective tax rate
may have a negative impact on future operating results. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign
tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate may be negatively impacted by (i) changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, (ii) changes in tax laws and accounting principles, (iii) changes
in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, (iv) failure to meet commitments under tax incentive agreements, (v) discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, (vi)increases in nondeductible
expenses, or (vii) difficulties in repatriating cash held abroad in a tax-efficient manner. 

Tax audits may also
negatively impact our effective tax rate. We are subject to continued examination of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. We regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes
resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuing examinations will not have a negative impact on future operating results. 

If the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations or regulatory or industry standards, then our sales and operating
earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted. 

Some of the products we sell may have quality
issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. Often these issues are identified prior
to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the cancellation of orders by customers. Sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring
us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers. Such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues can have legal and financial ramifications, including: delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of
revenue or future orders, customer-imposed penalties on us for failure to meet contractual requirements, increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation. 

In some cases, if the quality issue affects the product’s safety or regulatory compliance, then such a “defective” product
may need to be “stop-shipped” or recalled. Depending on the nature of the defect and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of
future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation. In addition, we may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue

Table of Contents

15

that we receive from the contracts. In certain jurisdictions when contracting with the government no limitation to liability is permitted by law. Recalls involving regulatory non-compliance could
also result in fines and additional costs. Finally, recalls could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result or the use of the products. 

Many of our components and products are designed or manufactured by third parties and if such third-parties lack sufficient quality control or if
there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, it may have a negative impact on our business. 

We rely on third-parties to design or manufacture many of our components and finished products. We could have difficulties fulfilling our orders and our sales and profits could decline if (i) we are
not able to engage such manufacturers with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third parties lack sufficient quality control and fail to deliver quality components or products on time and at reasonable prices or
deliver products that do not meet regulatory or industry standards or requirements, or (iii) if there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third parties. 

We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform could cause our
products or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 

We engage subcontractors on many
of our contracts and as we expand our Global Services organization our use of subcontractors will increase. We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor.
Our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims and regulatory compliance
issues and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure of our suppliers, subcontractors, third-party
distributors and representatives to use acceptable ethical business practices could negatively impact our business. 

It is
our policy to require our suppliers and subcontractors to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices, environmental compliance, anti-corruption and trademark and copyright
licensing. However, we do not control their labor and other business practices. If one of our suppliers or subcontractors violates labor or other laws or implements labor or other business practices that are regarded as unethical, the shipment of
finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be canceled, relationships could be terminated and our reputation could be damaged. If one of our suppliers or subcontractors fails to procure necessary license rights to trademarks,
copyrights or patents, legal action could be taken against us that could impact the salability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to a third party. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our sales and results of
operations. 

Our success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to form successful strategic alliances. If these arrangements do not
develop as expected, our business may be negatively impacted. 

We currently partner with industry leaders and other large
organizations to meet customer product and service requirements and to develop innovative advances in design and technology. Some of our partnerships allow us to supplement internal manufacturing capacity and share the cost of developing
next-generation technologies. Other partnerships allow us to offer more services and features to our customers. However, such arrangements carry an element of risk because, in many cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with
which we have a partnership and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. If such arrangements do not develop as expected, our business could be negatively impacted. As we expand our Global Services organization our
need to partner will increase. 

We rely on third-party distributors, representatives and retailers to sell certain of our products

In addition to our own sales force, we offer our products through a variety of third-party distributors, representatives
and retailers. Our distributors or representatives may also market other products that compete with our products. The loss, termination or failure of one or more of our distributors or representatives to effectively

Table of Contents

16

promote our products, or changes in the financial or business condition of these distributors, representatives or retailers, could affect our ability to bring products to market. 

Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts and components to meet the demands of our
customers and any reduction or interruption in supplies or significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

Our ability to meet customers’ demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials, parts and components from our suppliers. If demand for our
products increases from our current expectations or if suppliers are unable to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of natural disasters or financial issues, we could experience shortages. We have experienced shortages in the
past, including recently as a result of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and flooding in Thailand, that have negatively impacted our results of operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages, there can be no assurance
that we will not encounter shortages in the future or that such shortages will not negatively impact our results of operations. 

Furthermore, certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited sources. We may not be able to diversify sources
in a timely manner. A reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, our current contractual arrangements with certain suppliers may be cancelled or
not extended by such suppliers and, therefore, not afford us with sufficient protection against a reduction or interruption in supplies. Moreover, in the event any of these single source or limited source suppliers breach their contracts with us,
our legal remedies associated with such a breach may be insufficient to compensate us for any damages we may suffer. 

We rely on complex
information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption, including as a result of third party attacks, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales and operating results.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which
are within the Company and some are outsourced. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to computer viruses, security breach, energy blackouts,
natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. As a provider of high technology emergency response systems, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising our intellectual property, referred to
as advanced persistent threats. In addition, we plan to implement a number of significant business systems upgrades in 2012 which, if defective or improperly installed or implemented may result in a business disruption. A system failure or security
breach could negatively impact our operations and financial results. In addition, we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches. 

There has been a sharp increase in laws in Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere imposing requirements for the handling of personal data. There
is a risk that failures in systems designed to protect private, personal or proprietary data held by us will allow such data to be disclosed to or seen by others, resulting in application of regulatory penalties, remediation obligations and/or
private litigation by parties whose data were disclosed. 

We face many risks relating to intellectual property rights. 

Our business will be harmed if: (i) we, our customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights
of third parties, (ii) the intellectual property indemnities in our supplier agreements are inadequate to cover damages and losses due to infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by supplier products, (iii) we are required
to provide broad intellectual property indemnities to our customers, (iv) our intellectual property protection is inadequate to protect against threats of misappropriation from internal or external sources or otherwise inadequate to protect our
proprietary rights, or (v) our competitors negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property. We may be harmed if we are forced to make publicly available, under the relevant open-source licenses, certain
internally developed software-related intellectual property as a result of either our use of open-source software code or the use of third-party software that contains open-source code. 

Table of Contents

17

Since our products are comprised of complex technology, much of which we acquire from
suppliers through the purchase of components or licensing of software, we are often involved in or impacted by assertions, including both requests for licenses and litigation, regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Third parties
have asserted, and in the future may assert, intellectual property infringement claims against us and against our customers and suppliers. These assertions against us, and our customers and suppliers have been increasing as the complexity of our
products has increased. Many of these assertions are brought by non-practicing entities whose principle business model is to secure patent licensing-based revenue from product manufacturing companies. The patent holders often make broad and sweeping
claims regarding the applicability of their patents to our products, seeking a percentage of sales as licenses fees, seeking injunctions to pressure us into taking a license, or a combination thereof. Defending claims may be expensive and divert the
time and efforts of our management and employees. Increasingly, third parties have sought broad injunctive relief which could limit our ability to sell our products in the U.S. or elsewhere with intellectual property subject to the claims. If we do
not succeed in any such litigation, we could be required to expend significant resources to pay damages, develop non-infringing products or to obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation, each of which could
have a negative impact on our financial results. However, we cannot be certain that any such licenses, if available at all, will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. In some cases, we might be forced to stop delivering certain
products if we or our customer or supplier are subject to a final injunction. 

We attempt to negotiate favorable intellectual
property indemnities with our suppliers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in our negotiations or that a supplier’s indemnity will cover all damages and losses
suffered by us and our customers due to the infringing products or that a supplier will choose to accept a license or modify or replace its products with non-infringing products which would otherwise mitigate such damages and losses. Further, we may
not be able to participate in intellectual property litigation involving a supplier and may not be able to influence any ultimate resolution or outcome that may negatively impact our sales if a court enters an injunction that enjoins the
supplier’s products or if the International Trade Commission issues an exclusionary order that blocks our products from importation into the U.S. The frequency with which intellectual property disputes involving our suppliers have resulted in
our involvement in International Trade Commission proceedings has increased. These proceedings are costly and entail the risk that we will be subjected to a ban on the importation of our products into the U.S. solely as a result of our use of a
supplier’s components. 

In addition, our customers increasingly demand that we indemnify them broadly from all damages and
losses resulting from intellectual property litigation against them. 

Our patent and other intellectual property rights are
important competitive tools and may generate income under license agreements. We regard our intellectual property as proprietary and attempt to protect it with patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other
methods. We also generally restrict access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar technology independently.
In addition, effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third parties and the cost of any litigation
necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our financial results. 

As we expand our
business, including through acquisitions, and compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new areas may not be as developed as in our longer-standing businesses. This may
expose us to a heightened risk of litigation and other challenges from competitors in these new markets. Further, competitors may be able to negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property than we are able to, which
puts them at a competitive advantage. As our products become more like commercial products, through the adoption of industry-standard technologies, for instance, our intellectual property-related risks may increase. 

Table of Contents

18

We no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including MOTOROLA,
MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M logo and all derivatives and formatives thereof (“Motorola Marks”) and we license the Motorola Marks from Motorola Mobility. Our joint use of the Motorola Marks could result in product and market
confusion and negatively impact our ability to expand our business under the Motorola brand. In addition, if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement we could lose our rights to the Motorola Marks. 

We have a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from Motorola Mobility to use the Motorola Marks as part of our corporate name and
in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of our current products and services. The license of the Motorola Marks is important to us because of the reputation of the Motorola brand for our products and services. Although we will
continue to be able to use the Motorola Marks in certain fields of use we no longer own the Motorola Marks after the distribution of Motorola Mobility. There are risks associated with both Motorola Mobility and the Company using the Motorola Marks
and with this loss of ownership. As both Motorola Mobility and the Company will be using the Motorola Marks, confusion could arise in the market, including customer and investor confusion regarding the products offered by and the actions of the two
companies. This risk could increase as both Motorola Mobility’s and our products continue to converge. Also, any negative publicity associated with either company in the future could adversely affect the public image of the other. In addition
because our license of the Motorola Marks will be limited to products and services within our specified fields of use, we will not be permitted to use the Motorola Marks in other fields of use without the approval of Motorola Mobility. In the event
that we desire to expand our business into any other fields of use, we may need to do so with a brand other than Motorola. Developing a brand as well-known and with as much brand equity as Motorola could take considerable time and expense. The risk
of needing to develop a second brand increases as Motorola Mobility’s and our products continue to converge and as our business expands into other fields of use. In addition, we could lose our rights to use the Motorola Marks if we do not
comply with the terms of the license agreement. Such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, Motorola Mobility has the right to license the brand to third parties and either Motorola
Mobility or licensed third parties may use the brand in ways that make the brand less attractive for customers of Motorola Solutions, creating increased risk that Motorola Solutions may need to develop an alternate or additional brand. 

We may continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties,
including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. 

In order to
position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities, we have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include: (i) the difficulty in
integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner; (ii) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions; (iii) the risk that our markets do not
evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets; (iv) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; (v) the risk of diverting the attention of
senior management from our operations; (vi) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience; (vii) risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems; (viii) difficulties in
expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses; and (ix) future impairments of goodwill of an acquired business. 

Acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on their earnings) than we
do. This is particularly evident in software and services businesses. Acquiring a business that has a higher valuation than Motorola Solutions may be dilutive to our earnings, especially if the acquired business has little or no revenue. In
addition, we may not pursue opportunities that are highly dilutive to near-term earnings. 

Key employees of acquired businesses
may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of change-in-control agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. To retain such employees and
integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be difficult to retain certain key employees. 

Table of Contents

19

We have completed a number of large divestitures over the last several years and have ongoing potential
liability associated with those transactions and the businesses we divested. 

Over the last several years we have spun-off
or sold a number of businesses, including Motorola Mobility and our Networks business and we may divest other businesses in the future. In most of our divestitures we make representations and warranties and agree to covenants relating to the
business divested. We remain liable for a period of time for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and we also indemnify buyers in the event of such breaches and for other specific risks. In addition, it is not unusual to remain
liable for certain pre-closing liabilities associated with the divested business, such as pension liabilities, taxes, environmental liabilities and litigation. In certain situations, such as our spin-off transactions, we may retain ongoing risk in
the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the company we spun off, even if they assumed certain liabilities because they were incurred when they were part of the Company. In addition, although we often assign contracts associated with the divested
business to a buyer in a divestiture, often that assignment will be subject to the consent of the contractual counterparty, which may not be obtained or may be conditioned, resulting in the company remaining liable under the contract. Even though we
establish reserves for any expected ongoing liability associated with divested businesses, those reserves may not be sufficient if unexpected liabilities arise and this could negatively impact our financial condition and future results of
operations. 

Following the sale of our Networks infrastructure assets we retained certain promissory notes and other obligations relating
to vendor financing, but we no longer have a customer/vendor relationship with the borrowers, which may put us at increased risk for defaults. 

Certain of the customers of our former Networks business who purchased large infrastructure systems requested that their suppliers provide financing in connection with equipment purchases. We retained the
promissory notes and other obligations related to such vendor financing that was consummated up to the closing of the sale of our Networks business on April 29, 2011. As of December 31, 2011, the outstanding amount was approximately $130
million. As we no longer have a customer/vendor relationship with the borrowers following the sale we could be at increased risk of a default by such customers, as they may choose to pay their current vendors before they pay us. In addition, a
majority of this debt is issued by former customers operating in the Middle East and could be negatively impacted by political unrest in this region. Finally, we retained certain recourse obligations with respect to a portion of the promissory notes
and other obligations which we sold in 2011 in the event those notes and obligations are uncollectable as a result of the structure of our transaction with NSN. 

We may be required to record additional goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges, which could result in an additional significant charge to earnings. 

Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered in assessing whether goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in our stock price or
market capitalization, reduced estimates of future cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. No goodwill or long-lived assets impairment charges were recorded during 2011, 2010 or 2009. Declines in our stock price or reductions in our
future cash flow estimates and future operating results may require us to record significant additional goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges in our financial statements in future periods, which could negatively impact our financial
results. 

Changes in our operations or sales outside the U.S. markets could result in lost benefits in impacted countries and increase our
cost of doing business. 

We have entered into various agreements with non-U.S. governments, agencies or similar
organizations under which we receive certain benefits relating to its operations and/or sales in the jurisdiction. If our circumstances change, and operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of having to
reimburse benefits already granted, and losing some or all of these benefits and increasing our cost of doing business. 

Our success
depends in part upon our ability to attract, retain and prepare succession plans for senior management and key employees. 

The performance of our CEO, senior management and other key employees is critical to our success. If we are unable to retain talented,
highly qualified senior management and other key employees or attract them when 

Table of Contents

20

needed, it could negatively impact us. We rely on the experience of our senior management, who have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace and competition
for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. A loss of the CEO, a member of senior management or key employee particularly to a competitor could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. Further, if we fail to
adequately plan for the succession of our CEO, senior management and other key employees, the Company could be negatively impacted. 

It may
be difficult for us to recruit and retain the types of engineers and other highly-skilled employees that are necessary to remain competitive. 

Competition for key technical personnel in high-technology industries is intense. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage
the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products. We may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting, assimilating, retaining and utilizing these highly-skilled personnel. In
2012, we are planning changes to our annual stock grants, which may increase the retention risk of affected employees. 

The unfavorable
outcome of any pending or future litigation or administrative action could negatively impact the Company. 

Our financial
results and reputation could be negatively impacted by unfavorable outcomes to any pending or future litigation or administrative actions, including those related to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws. See
“Item 3-Legal Proceedings.” There can be no assurances as to the favorable outcome of any litigation or administrative proceedings. In addition, it can be very costly to defend litigation or administrative proceedings and these costs
could negatively impact our financial results. 

It is important that we are able to obtain many different types of insurance, and if we are
not able to obtain insurance or we exhaust our coverage we are forced to retain the risk. 

We have many types of insurance
coverage and are also self-insured for some risks and obligations. While the cost and availability of most insurance is stable, there are still certain types and levels of insurance that remain difficult to obtain. As we grow our Global Services
organization we are increasingly being asked to obtain professional liability insurance. We do not currently carry professional liability insurance as such insurance is expensive to obtain for the amount of coverage often requested by certain
customers. Natural disasters and certain risks arising from securities claims, professional liability and public liability are potential self-insured events that could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, while we maintain insurance
for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs from an accident, incident or claim. 

We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws. 

Our operations and the products we manufacture and/or sell are subject to a wide range of global laws. Compliance with existing or future
laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance.
Some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, clean up of, and exposure to certain substances. For example, in the United States, laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and often
times in response to action or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. We continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations. Changes to environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these
laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 

Laws focused on: the energy efficiency of electronic products
and accessories; recycling of both electronic products and packaging; reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products; and the transportation of batteries continue to expand significantly. Laws pertaining to accessibility
features of electronic products, standardization of connectors and power supplies, the transportation of lithium-ion batteries and other aspects are also proliferating. 

There are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as product safety, radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, and consumer and social mandates
pertaining to use of 

Table of Contents

21

wireless or electronic equipment. These laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions and services, on product costs, and on
what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include. 

These laws impact our products and
negatively affect our ability to manufacture and sell products competitively. We expect these trends to continue. In addition, we anticipate that we will see increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to reduction or elimination of certain
constituents from products, increasing energy efficiency, and providing additional accessibility. 

We may be unable to obtain a sufficient
supply of components and parts that are verified free of conflict minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, which could result in a shortage of such components and parts or reputational damages if we are unable to
certify that our products are free of such minerals. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
included disclosure requirements regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (“DRC”) and procedures regarding a manufacturer’s efforts to prevent the sourcing
of such “conflict” minerals. While final rules implementing these requirements have not yet been released, the implementation may limit the pool of suppliers who can provide us verifiable DRC Conflict Free
components and parts, and we are not certain that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities that meet the DRC Conflict Free designation as proposed by the requirements. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face
reputational challenges with our customers, other stockholders and the activist community if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the defined “conflict” metals used in our products. 

Changes in government policies and laws, funding or economic conditions may negatively impact our financial results. 

Our results may be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations, or other activities of U.S. and
non-U.S. governments, agencies and similar organizations. In particular, the financial results of our Government segment may be negatively impacted by any decreases in the level of government funding, including availability of grants,
for public safety projects. Our results may also be affected by social and economic conditions, which impact our operations, including in emerging markets in Asia, India, Latin America and Eastern Europe, and in markets subject to ongoing
political hostilities and war, including the Middle East. 

A large percentage of our cash and cash equivalents are held outside of the
United States and we could be subject to repatriation delays and costs which could reduce our financial flexibility. 

A
large percentage of our cash and cash equivalents is held outside the U.S., while many of our liabilities, such as our public debt and the majority of our pension liabilities, are payable in the U.S. While we regularly repatriate funds with minimal
adverse financial impact, repatriation of some of the funds has been and could continue to be subject to delay for local country approvals and could have potential adverse tax consequences. As a result of having a lower amount of the cash and cash
equivalents in the U.S., our financial flexibility may be reduced. 

Our share price has been and may continue to be volatile.

Our share price has been volatile due, in part, to generally volatile securities markets and the volatility in the
telecommunications and technology companies’ securities markets in particular. Factors other than our financial results that may affect our share price include, but are not limited to, market expectations of our performance, spending plans of
our customers and the level of perceived growth in the industries in which we participate. 

In connection with the distribution of Motorola
Mobility, Motorola Mobility indemnified us for certain liabilities and we indemnified Motorola Mobility for certain liabilities. This indemnity may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of the liabilities assumed by Motorola
Mobility and Motorola Mobility may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations to us in the future. 

Pursuant to
the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other agreements with Motorola Mobility, Motorola Mobility agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify Motorola Mobility for certain liabilities, in each
case for uncapped amounts. Motorola Mobility has entered into an agreement to be acquired by Google, which the transaction is currently awaiting regulatory approval. This indemnity obligation will not change as a result of the acquisition of
Motorola Mobility by Google. There can be no 

Table of Contents

22

assurance that the indemnity from Motorola Mobility will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Motorola Mobility will be able to fully satisfy its
indemnification obligations, even if the pending acquisition by Google is completed. Third-parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Motorola Mobility has agreed to assume. Even if we ultimately succeed in
recovering from Motorola Mobility any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. In addition, indemnities that we may be required to provide Motorola Mobility are not subject to any cap, may
be significant and could negatively impact our business. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For more detailed information, see the Amended and Restated Master Separation and
Distribution Agreement which was filed as an exhibit to our Form 10-Q for the third quarter 2010. 

A change of control of or
bankruptcy of Motorola Mobility could result in an incompatible third-party owning the Motorola Marks or the loss of certain rights, including the license. 

Since Motorola Mobility owns the Motorola Marks, in the event Motorola Mobility is acquired, the acquiring entity would gain control of the Motorola Marks. If the acquisition by Google is completed, the
Motorola Marks will be controlled by Google. In the event of a liquidation of Motorola Mobility or the then owner of the Motorola Marks, it is possible that a bankruptcy court would permit the Motorola Marks to be assigned to a third-party. While
our right to use the Motorola Marks under our license should continue in our specified field of use in such situations, it is possible that we could be party to a license arrangement with a third-party whose interests are incompatible with ours,
thereby potentially making the license arrangement difficult to administer, and increasing the costs and risks associated with sharing the Motorola Marks. In addition, there is a risk that, in the event of a bankruptcy of Motorola Mobility or the
then owner of the Motorola Marks, Motorola Mobility, the then owner or its bankruptcy trustee may attempt to reject the license, or a bankruptcy court may refuse to uphold the license or certain of its terms. Such a loss could negatively affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We contributed a significant portfolio of intellectual property rights, including
patents, to Motorola Mobility and we are unable to leverage these intellectual property rights as we did prior to the distribution of Motorola Mobility. 

We contributed approximately 17,200 granted patents and approximately 8,000 pending patent applications worldwide to Motorola Mobility in connection with the distribution. Although we have a perpetual,
royalty free license to these patents and other intellectual property rights, we no longer own them. As a result we are unable to leverage these intellectual property rights for purposes of generating licensing revenue or entering into favorable
licensing arrangements with third parties. As a result we may incur increased license fees or litigation costs. Although we cannot predict the extent of such unanticipated costs, it is possible such costs could negatively impact our financial
results. 

Completion of the distribution of Motorola Mobility may not enhance long-term shareholder value. 

We completed the distribution of Motorola Mobility on January 4, 2011. At the time of this distribution, our board and management
team, after consultation with independent financial and legal advisors, believed that the distribution of Motorola Mobility as planned would enhance long-term shareholder value. There can be no assurance, however, that the combined value of our
common stock and the common stock of Motorola Mobility will equal or exceed what the value of our common stock would have been in the absence of the distribution in the long term, particularly if the acquisition of Motorola Mobility by Google is not
completed. The combined value of the common stock of the two companies could be lower than anticipated for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the inability of Motorola Mobility to complete its acquisition by Google or to compete
effectively as an independent company.