We wish to caution the reader that the following important
, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this
report or our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings,
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
stated in forward-looking statements contained in this document
and elsewhere.

 The demand for our products depends in large part on the
 continued growth of the industries in which we participate. A
 market decline in any one of these industries could have an
 adverse effect on our business.

The rate at which the portions of the telecommunications
industry in which we participate continue to grow is critical to
our ability to improve our overall financial performance and we
could be negatively impacted by a slowdown. Our business was
very negatively impacted by the economic slowdown and the
corresponding reduction in capital spending by the
telecommunications industry from 2001 to 2003.

 Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world
 and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are
 not global may not face.

Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world and
more than half of our net sales are made to customers outside of
the U.S. In addition, we have many manufacturing,
administrative and sales facilities outside the U.S. and more
than half of our employees are employed outside the
U.S. Most of our suppliers are outside the U.S. and most of
our products are manufactured outside the U.S.

As with all companies that have sizeable sales and operations
outside the U.S., we are exposed to risks that could negatively
impact sales or profitability, including but not limited to:
(1) tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes;
(2) regulations related to customs and import/export
matters; (3) longer payment cycles; (4) tax issues,
such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to
country and as compared to the U.S., and difficulties in
repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient
manner; (5) currency fluctuations, particularly in the
Euro, Chinese renminbi and Brazilian real; (6) foreign
exchange regulations, which may limit the Company’s ability
to convert or repatriate foreign currency; (7) challenges
in collecting accounts receivable; (8) cultural and
language differences; (9) employment regulations and local
labor conditions; (10) difficulties protecting IP in
foreign countries; (11) instability in economic or
political conditions, including inflation, recession and actual
or anticipated military or political conflicts;
(12) natural disasters; (13) public health issues or
outbreaks; and (14) the impact of each of the foregoing on
our outsourcing and procurement arrangements.

Many of our products that are manufactured outside of the
U.S. are manufactured in Asia. In particular, we have
sizeable operations in China, including manufacturing
operations, and 11% of our net sales are made to customers in
China. The legal system in China is still developing and is
subject to change. Accordingly, our operations and orders for
products in China could be adversely impacted by changes to or
interpretation of Chinese law. Further, if manufacturing in the
region is disrupted, our overall capacity could be significantly
reduced and sales or profitability could be negatively impacted.

We also are increasing our presence and/or selling more of our
products in emerging markets such as India and Russia. We face
challenges in emerging markets, including creating demand for
our products and the negative impact of changes in the laws, or
the interpretation of the laws, in those countries.

 If the quality of our products does not meet our
 customers’ expectations, then our sales and operating
 earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be adversely
 affected.

Occasionally, some of the products we sell have quality issues
resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from
the software used in the product. These issues may be caused by
the components we purchase from other manufacturers. Often these
issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and
may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the
cancellation of orders by customers. Sometimes, we discover
quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to
our distributors or end-user customers, requiring us to resolve
such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to
our customers. Such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality
issues can have legal and financial ramifications, including:
delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future
orders, customer-imposed penalties on Motorola for failure to
meet contractual requirements, increased costs associated with
repairing or replacing products, and a negative impact on our
goodwill and brand name reputation.

Table of Contents

17

In some cases, if the quality issue affects the product’s
safety or regulatory compliance, then such a
“defective” product may need to be recalled. Depending
on the nature of the defect and the number of products in the
field, it can cause the Company to incur substantial recall
costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential
loss of future orders, and the damage to the Company’s
goodwill or brand/reputation. In addition, the Company may be
required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for
failed performance that might exceed the revenue that the
Company receives from the contracts. Recalls involving
regulatory agencies can also result in fines and additional
costs. Finally, recalls can result in third-party litigation,
including class action litigation by persons alleging common
harm resulting from the purchase of the products.

 We operate in highly-competitive markets and our financial
 results will be affected if we are not able to compete
 effectively.

The markets for our products are highly competitive with respect
to, among other factors: pricing, product and service quality,
and the time required to introduce new products and services.
The markets for many of our products are characterized by
rapidly changing technologies, frequent new product
introductions, short product life cycles and evolving industry
standards. We are constantly exposed to the risk that our
competitors may implement new technologies before we do, or may
offer lower prices, additional products or services or other
incentives that we cannot or will not offer. We can give no
assurances that we will be able to compete successfully against
existing or future competitors.

 The uncertainty of current economic and political conditions
 makes budgeting and forecasting difficult and may reduce demand
 for our products.

Current conditions in the domestic and global economies are
uncertain. The U.S. involvement in Iraq and other global
conflicts, including in the Middle East, as well as public
health issues, have created many economic and political
uncertainties that have impacted the global economy. As a
result, it is difficult to estimate the level of growth for the
world economy as a whole. It is even more difficult to estimate
growth in various parts of the world economy, including the
markets in which we participate. Because all components of our
budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of growth
in the markets we serve and demand for our products, the
prevailing economic uncertainties render estimates of future
income and expenditures difficult.

We have sizable manufacturing operations and engineering
resources in Israel that could be disrupted as a result of
hostilities in the region. We also sell our products and
services throughout the Middle East and demand for our products
and services could be negatively impacted by hostilities.

The future direction of the overall domestic and global
economies will have a significant impact on our overall
performance. The potential for future terrorist attacks,
increased global conflicts and the escalation of existing
conflicts and public health issues has created worldwide
uncertainties that have negatively impacted, and may continue to
negatively impact, demand for certain of our products.

 Our future operating results depend on our ability to
 purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts and components
 to meet the demands of our customers.

Our ability to meet customers’ demands depends, in part, on
our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality
materials, parts and components from our suppliers. We have
experienced shortages in the past that have adversely affected
our operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to
avoid these types of shortages, there can be no assurances that
we will not encounter these problems in the future. Furthermore,
certain of our components are available only from a single
source or limited sources. We may not be able to diversify
sources in a timely manner. A reduction or interruption in
supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies
could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.

 Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new
 products and technologies and our results can be impacted by our
 significant investments in new products and technologies.

The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly
changing technologies, frequent new product introductions, short
product life cycles and evolving industry standards. Our success
depends, in substantial part, on the timely and successful
introduction of new products and upgrades of current products to
comply with emerging industry standards and to address competing
technological and product developments carried out by our

Table of Contents

18

competitors. The research and development of new,
technologically-advanced products is a complex and uncertain
process requiring high levels of innovation, as well as the
accurate anticipation of technological and market trends. We may
focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely
accepted and are not commercially viable. In addition, products
may contain defects or errors that are detected only after
deployment. If our products are not competitive or do not work
properly, our business will suffer.

Our results are subject to risks related to our significant
investment in developing and introducing new products, such as:
seamless mobility products; advanced wireless handsets; WiMAX
and other advanced technologies for wireless broadband networks;
products for transmission of telephony and high-speed data over
hybrid fiber coaxial cable systems; integrated digital radios;
and integrated public safety systems. These risks include:
(i) difficulties and delays in the development, production,
testing and marketing of products; (ii) customer acceptance
of products; (iii) the development of, approval and
compliance with industry standards; (iv) the significant
amount of resources we must devote to the development of new
technology; and (v) the ability to differentiate our
products and compete with other companies in the same markets.

Our success, in part, will be affected by the ability of our
wireless businesses to successfully compete in the ever-evolving
markets in which we participate. We face intense competition in
these markets from both established companies and new entrants.
Product life cycles can be short and new products are expensive
to develop and bring to market.

Our success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to form
successful strategic alliances. If these arrangements do not
develop as expected, our business may be adversely impacted.

We currently partner with industry leaders to meet customer
product and service requirements and to develop innovative
advances in design and technology. Some of our partnerships
allow us to supplement internal manufacturing capacity and share
the cost of developing next-generation technologies. Other
partnerships allow us to offer more services and features to our
customers. If such arrangements do not develop as expected, our
business could be adversely impacted.

We rely on third-party distributors, representatives and
retailers to sell certain of our products.

In addition to our own distribution force, we offer our products
through a variety of third-party distributors, representatives
and retailers. Certain of our distributors or representatives
may market products that compete with the Company’s
products. The loss, termination or failure of one or more of our
distributors or representatives to effectively promote our
products, or changes in the financial or business condition of
these distributors, representatives or retailers, could affect
the Company’s ability to bring its products to market.

Our business will be harmed if we are found to have infringed
intellectual property rights of third parties, or if our
intellectual property protection is inadequate to protect our
proprietary rights.

Because our products are comprised of complex technology, we are
involved in litigation regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights. Third parties have asserted, and in the future
may assert, claims against us alleging that we have infringed
their intellectual property rights. If we do not succeed in any
such litigation, we could be required to expend significant
resources to pay damages, develop non-infringing intellectual
property or to obtain licenses to the intellectual property that
is the subject of such litigation. However, we cannot be certain
that any such licenses, if available at all, will be available
to us on commercially reasonable terms. Also, defending these
claims may be expensive and divert the time and efforts of our
management and employees.

Our patent and other intellectual property rights are important
competitive tools and may generate income under license
agreements. We regard our intellectual property rights as
proprietary and attempt to protect them with patents,
copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality
agreements and other methods. We also generally restrict access
to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite
these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to
obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar
technology independently. In addition, effective patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be
unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries.
Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third
parties and the cost of any litigation necessary to enforce our
intellectual property rights could have an adverse impact on our
business.

As we expand our business, including through acquisitions, and
compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and
strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new
areas may not be as developed as in

Table of Contents

19

our longer-standing businesses. This may expose us to a
heightened risk of litigation and other challenges from
competitors in these new markets.

Our future operating results may be negatively impacted if we
are not successful in licensing our intellectual property.

As part of business strategy, primarily in our Mobile Devices
business, we strategically license our intellectual property.
Our existing intellectual property may not continue to generate
sales and operating earnings at current levels and we may not be
successful at licensing new intellectual property.

 Many of our components and products are manufactured by third
 parties and if third-party manufacturers lack sufficient quality
 control or if there are significant changes in the financial or
 business condition of such
 third-party
 manufacturers, it may have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

We rely on third-party suppliers for many of the components used
in our products and we rely on third-party manufacturers to
manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products. If we
are not able to engage such manufacturers with the capabilities
or capacities required by our business, or such third parties
lack sufficient quality control or if there are significant
changes in the financial or business condition of such third
parties, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We also have third-party arrangements for the design or
manufacture of certain products, parts and components. If we are
not able to engage such parties with the capabilities or
capacities required by our business, or these third parties fail
to deliver quality products, parts and components on time and at
reasonable prices, we could have difficulties fulfilling our
orders and our sales and profits could decline.

 There is no guarantee that design wins will become actual
 orders and sales.

A “design win” occurs when a customer or prospective
customer notifies us that our product has been selected to be
integrated with the customer’s product. There can be delays
of several months or more between the design win and when a
customer initiates actual orders. The design win may never
become an actual order or sale. Further, if the customer’s
plans change, we may commit significant resources to design wins
that do not result in actual orders.

 We have taken, and continue to take, cost-reduction actions.
 Our ability to complete these actions and the impact of such
 actions on our business may be limited by a variety of factors.
 The cost reduction actions, in turn, may expose us to additional
 production risk and have an adverse effect on our sales and
 profitability.

We have been reducing costs and simplifying our product
portfolios in all of our businesses. We have discontinued
product lines, exited businesses, consolidated manufacturing
operations, increased manufacturing with third parties and
reduced our employee population.

The impact of these cost-reduction actions on our sales and
profitability may be influenced by factors including, but not
limited to: (1) our ability to successfully complete these
ongoing efforts; (2) our ability to generate the level of
cost savings we expect or that are necessary to enable us to
effectively compete; (3) delays in implementation of
anticipated workforce reductions in highly-regulated locations
outside of the United States, particularly in Europe and Asia;
(4) decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet
operational targets due to the loss of employees; (5) our
ability to retain or recruit key employees; (6) our
manufacturing capacity, including capacity from third parties;
and (7) the performance of other parties under contract
manufacturing arrangements on which we rely for the manufacture
of certain products, parts and components.

An important cost-reduction action has been to reduce the number
of our facilities, including manufacturing facilities. All of
our businesses have exited certain facilities or consolidated
facilities so that our products are manufactured in fewer
facilities. While we have business continuity and risk
management plans in place in case capacity is significantly
reduced or eliminated at a given facility, the reduced number of
alternative facilities could cause the period of any
manufacturing disruptions to be longer. As a result, we could
have difficulties fulfilling our orders and our sales and
profits could decline.

Table of Contents

20

 We may not continue to have access to the capital markets to
 obtain long-term and short-term financing on acceptable terms
 and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are
 downgraded.

From time to time we access the long-term and short-term capital
markets to obtain financing. Although we believe that we can
continue to access the capital markets in 2007 on acceptable
terms and conditions, our access and the availability of
acceptable terms and conditions are impacted by many factors,
including: (i) our credit ratings; (ii) the liquidity
of the overall capital markets; and (iii) the current state
of the economy, including the telecommunications industry. There
can be no assurances that we will continue to have access to the
capital markets on terms acceptable to the Company.

The Company’s debt ratings are considered “investment
grade”. If our credit ratings were to decline three levels
from the current rating, we would no longer be considered
investment grade and our financial flexibility would be reduced
and our cost of borrowing would increase. Some of the factors
that impact our credit ratings, including the overall economic
health of the telecommunications industry, are outside of our
control. There can be no assurances that our current credit
ratings will continue.

Our commercial paper is rated “A-1/ P-2/ F-1.”
Although we continue to issue commercial paper, there can be no
assurances that we will continue to have access to the
commercial paper markets on terms acceptable to the Company.

 We may not be able to borrow funds under our credit facility
 if we are not able to meet the conditions to borrowing in our
 facility.

We view our existing five-year revolving domestic credit
facility as a source of available liquidity. This facility
contains various conditions, covenants and representations with
which we must be in compliance in order to borrow funds. We have
never borrowed under this facility or previous domestic
revolving credit facilities. However, if we wish to borrow under
this facility in the future, there can be no assurance that we
will be in compliance with these conditions, covenants and
representations.

We may continue to make strategic acquisitions of other
companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce
significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to
integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from
the acquisitions.

In order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth
opportunities, we have made, and may continue to make, strategic
acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties.
These risks and uncertainties include: (1) the difficulty
in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an
efficient and effective manner; (2) the challenges in
achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits
from acquisitions; (3) the risk that our markets do not
evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not
prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;
(4) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired
businesses; (5) the risk of diverting the attention of
senior management from our operations; (6) the risks of
entering new markets in which we have limited experience;
(7) risks associated with integrating financial reporting
and internal control systems; (8) difficulties in expanding
information technology systems and other business processes to
accommodate the acquired businesses; and (9) future
impairments of goodwill of an acquired business.

In 2006 and early 2007, we made several strategic acquisitions.
In January 2007, we acquired Symbol Technologies, Inc.
(“Symbol”). Symbol, which is now a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Motorola, is being integrated with Motorola and
will form the core of Motorola’s enterprise mobility
business within our Networks and Enterprise segment. As a result
of the acquisition, approximately 5,200 employees joined
Motorola. In light of the size of this transaction, some of the
risks described above may be more significant.

Acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate
may carry higher relative valuations (based on their earnings)
than we do. This is particularly evident in software and
services businesses. Acquiring a business that has a higher
valuation than Motorola may be dilutive to our earnings,
especially when the acquired business has little or no revenue.
In addition, we may not pursue opportunities that are highly
dilutive to near-term earnings and have, in the past, foregone
certain of these acquisitions.

Key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial
value in connection with a transaction in the form of
change-in-control
agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of
restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. To
retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we
may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be
difficult to retain certain key employees.

Table of Contents

21

 The value of our investments in the securities of various
 companies fluctuates and it may be difficult for us to realize
 the value of these investments.

We hold a portfolio of investments in various companies. Since
the majority of these securities represent investments in
technology companies, the fair market values of these securities
are subject to significant price volatility. In addition, the
realizable value of these securities is subject to market and
other conditions.

We also have invested in numerous privately-held companies, many
of which can still be considered in startup or developmental
stages. These investments are inherently risky as the market for
the technologies or products they have under development are
typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We
could lose all or substantially all of our investments in these
companies, and in some cases have.

 We purchase a large amount of credit insurance to mitigate
 some of our credit risks.

Our ability to sell certain of our receivables could be
negatively impacted if we are not able to continue to purchase
credit insurance in certain countries and in sufficient
quantities. In addition, our success in certain countries may be
dependent on our ability to obtain sufficient credit insurance.

 It may be difficult for us to recruit and retain the types of
 highly-skilled employees that are necessary to remain
 competitive.

Competition for key technical personnel in high-technology
industries is intense. We believe that our future success
depends in large part on our continued ability to hire,
assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified
engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to compete
and develop successful new products. We may not be as successful
as our competitors at recruiting, assimilating, retaining and
utilizing these highly-skilled personnel.

 The unfavorable outcome of litigation pending or future
 litigation could materially impact the Company.

Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
unfavorable outcomes to any pending or future litigation. See
“Item 3 — Legal Proceedings.”
There can be no assurances as to the favorable outcome of any
litigation.

 We are subject to a wide range of environmental, health and
 safety laws.

Our operations and the products we manufacture and/or sell are
subject to a wide range of global environmental, health and
safety laws. Compliance with existing or future environmental,
health and safety laws could subject us to future costs,
liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our
ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities and generally
impact our financial performance.

Some of these laws relate to the use, disposal, clean up of, and
exposure to hazardous substances. In the United States, laws
often require parties to fund remedial studies or action
regardless of fault. Motorola continues to incur disposal cost
and has ongoing remediation obligations. Changes to
U.S. environmental laws or our discovery of additional
obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on
Motorola.

Over the last several years, environmental laws focused on the
energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories;
electronic products and packaging, recycling; and reducing or
eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products
have expanded dramatically. These laws impact our products and
make it more expensive to manufacture and sell product. It may
also be difficult to comply with the laws in a timely way and we
may not have compliant products available in the quantities
requested by our customers, thereby impacting our sales and
profitability. For example, electronic products sold into Europe
were required to meet stringent chemical restrictions by
July 1, 2006 under the EU RoHS Directive. China is adopting
similar requirements, the first of which require labeling and
chemical content disclosure for all electronic products sold
into or within China after February 28, 2007. We expect
these trends to continue. In addition, we anticipate increased
consumer demand for the voluntary reduction or elimination of
certain hazardous constituents from our wireless handsets.

Table of Contents

22

 We may provide financing and financial guarantees to our
 customers, some of which may be for significant amounts.

The competitive environment in which we operate may require us
to provide long-term customer financing to a customer in order
to win a contract. Customer financing arrangements may include
all or a portion of the purchase price for our products and
services. In some circumstances, these loans can be very large.
We may also assist customers in obtaining financing from banks
and other sources and may also provide financial guarantees on
behalf of our customers. Our success, particularly in our
infrastructure businesses, may be dependent, in part, upon our
ability to provide customer financing on competitive terms and
on our customers’ creditworthiness.

We also provide revolving, short-term financing to certain
customers and distributors that purchase our equipment. Our
success may be dependent, in part, on our ability to provide
this financing. Our financial results could be negatively
impacted if our customers or distributors fail to repay this
revolving, short-term debt and/or our sales to such customers or
distributors could be reduced in the event of real or perceived
issues about the credit quality of the customer or distributor.

 When we lend our customers money in connection with the sale
 of our equipment, we are at risk of not being repaid.

While we have generally been able to place a portion of our
customer financings with third-party lenders, a portion of these
financings are supported directly by us. There can be higher
risks of default associated with some of these financings,
particularly when provided to
start-up operations
such as local network providers, customers in developing
countries, or customers in specific financing-intensive areas of
the industry (such as 3G wireless operators). Should customers
fail to meet their obligations on new or existing loans, losses
could be incurred and such losses could negatively impact our
financial results.

 Our large system contracts for infrastructure equipment and
 the resulting reliance on large customers may negatively impact
 our business.

We are exposed to risks due to large system contracts for
infrastructure equipment and the resulting reliance on large
customers. These include: (1) the technological risks of
such contracts, especially when the contracts involve new
technology, and (2) financial risks under these contracts,
including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated
with large contracts and the related impact on operating
results. We are also facing increasing competition from
traditional system integrators and the defense industry as
system contracts become larger and more complicated. Political
developments can impact the nature and timing of these large
contracts.

 It is important that we are able to obtain many different
 types of insurance, and if we are not able to obtain insurance
 we are forced to retain the risk.

The Company has many types of insurance coverage and also
self-insures for some risks and obligations. The insurance
market was disrupted after the events of September 11, 2001
and the 2005 hurricanes. While the cost and availability of most
insurance has stabilized, there are still certain types and
levels of insurance that remain unavailable. Natural disasters
and certain risks arising from securities claims and public
liability are potential self-insured events that could
negatively impact our financial performance.

 Government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the
 growth of the wireless communications industry or reduce
 barriers to entry for new competitors.

Radio frequencies are required to provide wireless services. The
allocation of frequencies is regulated in the U.S. and other
countries throughout the world and limited spectrum space is
allocated to wireless services. The growth of the wireless and
personal communications industry may be affected if adequate
frequencies are not allocated or, alternatively, if new
technologies are not developed to better utilize the frequencies
currently allocated for such use. Industry growth has been and
may continue to be affected by the cost of new licenses required
to use frequencies and any related frequency relocation costs.

The U.S. leads the world in spectrum deregulation, allowing
new wireless communications technologies to be developed and
offered for sale. Examples include wireless local area network
systems, such as WiFi, and wide area network systems, such as
WiMAX. Other countries have also deregulated portions of the
available spectrum to allow these and other technologies, which
can be offered without spectrum license costs. Deregulation may
introduce new competition and new opportunities for Motorola and
our customers.

Table of Contents

23

 Changes in government policies and laws or economic
 conditions may adversely affect our financial results.

Our results may be affected by changes in trade, monetary and
fiscal policies, laws and regulations, or other activities of
U.S. and
non-U.S. governments,
agencies and similar organizations. Our results may also be
affected by social and economic conditions, which impact our
operations, including in emerging markets in Asia, India, Latin
America and Eastern Europe, and in markets subject to ongoing
political hostilities and war, including the Middle East.

In addition, there are currently few laws or regulations that
apply directly to access to, or commerce on, the Internet. We
could be adversely affected by any such regulation in any
country where we operate. The adoption of such measures could
decrease demand for our products and at the same time increase
the cost of selling such products.

 Consolidations in both the cable and telecommunication
 industries may adversely impact our business.

The cable and telecommunication industries have experienced
consolidation, and this trend is expected to continue according
to industry estimates. Industry consolidation could result in
delays of purchases or in the selection of new suppliers by the
merged companies to equipment suppliers such as Motorola and our
competitors.

Due to continuing consolidation within the cable industry
worldwide, a small number of operators own a majority of cable
television systems and account for a significant portion of the
capital spending made by cable television system operators. Net
sales to the Connected Home Solutions segment’s largest
customer, Comcast represented approximately 29% of the Connected
Home Solutions segment’s total net sales in 2006.

Regulatory changes impacting our cable products may adversely
impact our business.

Currently, reception of digital television programming from the
cable broadband network requires a set-top box with certain
technology. This security technology has limited the
availability of set-top boxes to those manufactured by a few
cable network manufacturers, including Motorola. The FCC has
enacted regulations requiring separation of security
functionality from set-top boxes to increase competition and
encourage the sale of set-top boxes in the retail market by
July 1, 2007. Traditionally, cable service providers sold
or leased the set-top box to their customer. If the retail
market develops for set-top boxes and televisions capable of
accepting the security modules, sales of our set-top boxes may
be negatively impacted. In addition, we risk lost sales if
competitors bring set-top boxes with separable security to
market before we do.

 We rely on complex information technology systems and
 networks to operate our business. Any significant system or
 network disruption could have a material adverse impact on our
 operations, sales and operating results.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex
information technology systems and networks. All information
technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or
interruption from a variety of sources, including but not
limited to computer viruses, security breach, energy blackouts,
natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication
failures. There also may be system or network disruptions if new
or upgraded business management systems are defective or are not
installed properly. We have implemented various measures to
manage our risks related to system and network disruptions, but
a system failure or security breach could negatively impact our
operations and financial results. In addition, we may incur
additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these
disruptions or security breaches.

 Our share price has been and may continue to be volatile.

Our share price has been volatile due, in part, to generally
volatile securities markets, and the volatility in the
telecommunications and technology companies’ securities
markets in particular. Factors other than our financial results
that may affect our share price include, but are not limited to,
market expectations of our performance, capital spending plans
of our customers, and the level of perceived growth in the
industries in which we participate.

 The level of returns on pension and retirement plan assets
 could affect our earnings in future periods.

The funding obligations for our pension plans are impacted by
the performance of the financial markets, particularly the
equity markets, and interest rates. Funding obligations are
determined under government regulations and are measured each
year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific
date. If the financial markets do not provide the long-term
returns that are expected under the governmental funding
calculations we could be

Table of Contents

24

required to make larger contributions. The equity markets can
be, and recently have been, very volatile, and therefore our
estimate of future contribution requirements can change
dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly,
changes in interest rates can impact our contribution
requirements. In a low interest rate environment, the likelihood
of required contributions in the future increases.

 Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance
 and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.

Compliance with changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations
and changes to the New York Stock Exchange rules, has required
us to expend significant resources and incur additional expenses
and will continue to do so. We are committed to maintaining the
highest standards of corporate governance and public disclosure.
As a result, we will continue to invest necessary resources to
comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this
investment may continue to result in increased general and
administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and
attention from revenue-generating activities.

 The outcome of currently ongoing and future examinations of
 our income tax returns by the IRS.

We are subject to continued examination of our income tax
returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse
outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no
assurance that the outcomes from these continuing examinations
will not have an adverse effect on future operating results.