We wish to caution the reader that the following important risk factors, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this report
or in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward-looking statements contained in this document and elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of
importance or probability of occurrence. 

We are at risk that the sale of the majority of our Networks infrastructure assets is
further delayed or does not close. 

We face risks and uncertainties related to the sale of a majority of our Networks
infrastructure assets to Nokia Siemens Networks B.V. (“NSN”), which includes: (i) our ability to satisfy the conditions to closing, including (a) receipt of China antitrust approval, (b) the absence of any judgment,
writ or order preventing the sale or other legal proceeding which is likely to render it impossible or unlawful to consummate the sale, and (c) the absence of a material adverse effect on the assets being sold by us; (ii) each
company having the ability to consummate the transaction; (iii) the impact on our performance and financial results deriving from the benefits from this transaction; and (iv) the expected timeline for completing the transaction.
The closing of such sale has been delayed beyond our initial expectations due to a delay in receipt of China antitrust approval. In addition, we are currently engaged in litigation with Huawei, a Chinese competitor of our Networks
business, who filed for a preliminary injunction seeking to enjoin the transfer of certain product lines, employees, and its confidential information to NSN in connection with the sale of our Networks business. We are
currently subject to a temporary restraining order which prohibits the transfer of Huawei confidential information to NSN and are waiting on the courts ruling on the preliminary injunction motion. There can be no assurance that the sale
will be completed. If the sale is not completed as currently contemplated it may impact our ability to execute on our long-term strategic plan. 

There are various other uncertainties and risks relating to this proposed sale that could have, and in some cases have had, a negative impact on our business operations, operating results or assets,
including: (i) the distraction of management and disruption of operations; (ii) difficulties in recruiting and retaining employees in the Networks business; (iii) perceived uncertainties as to our future direction that have a negative
impact on our relationships with our customers, suppliers, vendors and partners and resulting in the loss of business opportunities; (iv) interference by certain competitors with certain customers, and (v) the process of completing the
sale has been time consuming and expensive. 

Our financial results have been and could further be negatively impacted if sales of our
Networks infrastructure equipment continue to decline in response to our agreement to sell the majority of our Networks infrastructure assets. 

We have experienced declines in the sale of certain of our Networks infrastructure equipment as a result of the announcement of our agreement to sell the majority of our Networks infrastructure assets to
NSN. Our future financial results could be further negatively impacted if sales of our Networks infrastructure equipment continue to decline in response to our pending sale. We expect to operate the Networks business until the closing of the sale to
NSN and the Company’s financial results could be further negatively impacted if sales are not at expected levels due to perceived uncertainty as a result of the pending sale. 

The uncertainty of current economic and political conditions makes budgeting and forecasting very difficult and may reduce demand for our products. 

Current conditions in the domestic and world economies remain uncertain. This is particularly true of U.S. governmental customers’
budgetary conditions. As a result of global economic conditions, U.S. unemployment levels and ongoing political conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere have created many economic and political uncertainties that have impacted worldwide markets.
As a result, it is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate. Because all components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of demand for our
products, the prevailing economic uncertainties render estimates of future income and expenditures difficult. 

We have
engineering resources in Israel that could be disrupted as a result of hostilities in the region. We also sell our products and services throughout the Middle East and demand for our products and services could be negatively impacted by political
conflicts and hostilities in this region. The potential for future unrest, terrorist 

Table of Contents

13

attacks, increased global conflicts and the escalation of existing conflicts has created worldwide uncertainties that have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, demand for
certain of our products. 

We continue to face a number of risks related to current global economic conditions, including adverse credit
conditions, low economic growth, risk of sovereign defaults and high levels of unemployment. 

Global economic conditions
and financial markets continue to be challenging to the government and enterprise communications market, as many economies and financial markets remain in a recession resulting from a number of factors, including adverse credit conditions, low
economic growth rates, risk of sovereign defaults, particularly in certain European countries, continuing high rates of unemployment, reduced corporate capital spending and other factors. Economic growth in the U.S. and many other countries has
remained very low and the length of time these adverse economic conditions may persist are unknown. These global economic conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business in a number of ways, including: 

•

 Potential Deferment or Cancellation of Purchases and Orders by Customers: Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may
cause, and in some cases has caused businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases in response to tighter credit and decreased cash availability and declining consumer confidence. If future demand for our products declines due to global
economic conditions, it will negatively impact our financial results. 

•

 Customers’ Inability to Obtain Financing to Make Purchases from Motorola Solutions and/or Maintain Their Business: Some of our customers
require substantial financing, including public financing or government grants, in order to fund their operations and make purchases from us. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds to finance purchases of our
products and/or meet their payment obligations to us could have, and in some cases has had, a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, if global economic conditions result in insolvencies for our customers, it will negatively impact
our financial results. 

•

 Requests by Customers for Vendor Financing by Motorola Solutions: Certain of the Company’s customers, particularly, but not limited to,
those who purchase large infrastructure systems, request that their suppliers provide financing in connection with equipment purchases. In response to limited availability of financing from banks and other lenders, these types of requests have
increased in volume and scope. Motorola Solutions, particularly in its Networks business, has continued to provide financing in light of these requests and a continuation of the credit market dislocation could force us to choose between further
increasing our level of vendor financing or potentially losing sales to these customers. 

•

 Negative Impact from Increased Financial Pressures on Third-Party Dealers, Distributors and Retailers: We make sales in certain regions through
third-party dealers, distributors and retailers. Although many of these third parties have significant operations and maintain access to available credit, others are smaller and more likely to be impacted by the significant decrease in available
credit that resulted from the financial crisis and continues today. If credit pressures or other financial difficulties result in insolvency for important third parties and we are unable to successfully transition end-customers to purchase our
products from other third parties or from us directly, it may cause, and in some cases has caused, a negative impact on our financial results. 

•

 Negative Impact from Increased Financial Pressures on Key Suppliers: Our ability to meet customers’ demands depends, in part, on our
ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials, parts and components from our suppliers. Certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited sources. If certain single-source or limited-source suppliers
were to become capacity constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or an increase in the price of supplies and negatively impact our financial results. In addition, credit constraints at single-source
suppliers have resulted in accelerated payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow. If this trend continues, it will negatively impact our cash flow. 

•

 Increased Risk of Financial Counterparty Failures Could Negatively Impact our Financial Position: The Company uses derivative financial
instruments to reduce its overall exposure to the effects of currency fluctuations on cash flows. The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to these derivative financial instruments. Although the
contracts are distributed among several 

Table of Contents

14

leading financial institutions, all of whom presently have investment grade credit ratings, the default by one or more counterparty could have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements. 

•

 Returns on Pension and Retirement Plan Assets and Interest Rate Changes Could Affect Our Earnings and Cash Flow in Future Periods: The funding
position of our pension plans is affected by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets, and the interest rates used to calculate our pension obligations for funding and expense purposes. 

Annual pension contributions are determined under government regulations and determined based upon our pension funding status, interest
rates, and other factors. If the financial markets perform poorly, we could be required to make additional large contributions. The equity markets can be volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change
dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly, changes in interest rates can affect our contribution requirements. In a low interest rate environment, the likelihood of higher contributions in the future increases. 

Following the sale of our Networks infrastructure assets we will retain certain promissory notes and other obligations relating to vendor financing,
but will no longer have a customer/vendor relationship with the borrowers, which may put us at increased risk for defaults. 

Certain of the customers of our Networks business who purchase large infrastructure systems request that their suppliers provide financing
in connection with equipment purchases. We will retain any promissory notes or other obligations related to such vendor financing that was consummated up to the closing of the sale of our Networks business. As of December 31, 2010, the outstanding
amount was approximately $235 million. As we will no longer have a customer/vendor relationship with the borrowers following the sale we could be at increased risk of a default by such customers, as they may choose to pay their current vendors
before they pay us. In addition, a majority of these customers operate in the Middle East and could be negatively impacted by political unrest in this region. 

The Company’s credit rating could impact our ability to access the capital markets. 

The Company is rated middle triple B by two of the three national rating agencies and low triple B, under review for upgrade, by the third rating agency. Any downward changes by the rating agencies to our
credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. Under certain circumstances, if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, an increase in the interest rate payable by us
under our revolving credit facility could result. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our ability to: access the debt markets; provide performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds; hedge foreign
exchange risk; fund our foreign affiliates; and sell receivables. A downgrade in our credit rating could also result in less favorable trade terms with suppliers. In addition, any downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our ability to obtain
additional financing in the future and may affect the terms of any such financing. Any future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets may result in higher funding costs for the Company and adversely affect our ability to access
funds and other credit related products.

Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies and our
results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. 

The markets
for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards. We face intense competition in these markets and new products are expensive to develop and bring to market. Our success depends, in substantial
part, on the timely and successful introduction of new products and upgrades of current products to comply with emerging industry standards and to address competing technological and product developments carried out by our competitors. The research
and development of new, technologically-advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology and market trends. Many of our products and systems
are complex and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies in the future. We may focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely accepted or are not commercially viable. In addition,
our products may contain defects or errors that are detected only after deployment. If our products are not competitive or do not work properly, our business will suffer. 

Our results are subject to risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products, such as integrated digital radios and integrated public safety systems. These risks
include: (i) difficulties 

Table of Contents

15

and delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products; (ii) customer acceptance of products; (iii) the development of, approval of, and compliance with industry
standards; (iv) the significant amount of resources we must devote to the development of new technologies; and (v) the ability to differentiate our products and compete with other companies in the same markets. 

We are exposed to risks under large multi-year system contracts that may negatively impact our business. 

We enter into large multi-year system contracts with large municipal, state and nation-wide government customers. This exposes us to
risks, including: (i) the technological risks of such contracts, especially when the contracts involve new technology, and (ii) financial risks under these contracts, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with
large contracts and the related impact on operating results. We are also facing increasing competition from traditional system integrators and the defense industry as system contracts become larger and more complicated. Political developments also
can impact the nature and timing of these large contracts. In addition, multi-year awards from governmental customers may often only receive partial funding initially. The termination of funding for a government program would result in a loss of
anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

In addition,
we are increasingly being asked by our government customers to provide managed services, which require that we partner with other systems providers, often through the formation of a multi-year joint venture, to design, construct, manage and operate
a public-safety system. Such public-private partnerships may require us to assume the risk and agree to specific performance metrics that meet the customer’s requirement for network availability, reliability, maintenance and support. In certain
cases if these performance metrics are not met we may not be paid. Depending on the nature of such projects, which are referred to as build-own-operate (“BOO”) and in some cases maintain (“BOOM”) or transfer (“BOOT”),
we may be unable to recognize revenue from the sale of equipment for a period of time, which may be several years. Such BOO, BOOM and BOOT arrangements shift risk to us and may result in an adverse impact on our profitability if we are unable to
meet the requirements of such contracts. 

A portion of our business is dependent upon U.S. Government contracts and grants, which are
highly regulated and subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives and subject to cancellations. Such audits could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business. 

Our government business is subject to specific procurement regulations with numerous compliance requirements. These requirements, although
customary in U.S. Government contracting, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs may increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect our on our financial condition. Failure to comply with
these regulations could lead to suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time, and the inability to receive future grants. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws, including
those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, and foreign corruption. 

Generally, U.S. Government contracts and grants are subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such audits
could result in adjustments to our contracts or grants. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract or grant may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. Future audits and adjustments, if
required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract or grant, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements,
suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. All contracts with the U.S. Government are subject to cancellation at the convenience of the U.S. Government. 

We derive a portion of our revenue from government customers who award business through competitive bidding which can involve significant upfront
costs and risks. This effort may not result in awards of business or we may fail to accurately estimate the costs to fulfill contracts awarded to us, which could have adverse consequences on our future profitability. 

Some government customers award business through a competitive bidding process, which results in greater competition and increased pricing
pressure. The competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids for contracts that may not be awarded to us. Even if we are awarded contracts, we 

Table of Contents

16

may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill a contract, which could negatively impact the profitability of any contract award to us. In addition, following any
contract award, we may experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of customer delay or our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding. 

Government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of public safety broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new competitors.

Radio frequencies are required to provide wireless services. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in the U.S. and
other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. The growth of public safety broadband communications systems may be affected: (i) by regulations relating to the access to
allocated spectrum for public safety users, (ii) if adequate frequencies are not allocated, or (iii) if new technologies are not developed to better utilize the frequencies currently allocated for such use. Industry growth may also be
affected by new licenses fees required to use frequencies. 

The U.S. leads the world in spectrum deregulation, allowing new
wireless communications technologies to be developed and offered for sale. Examples include wireless local area network systems, such as WiFi, mesh technologies and wide area network systems, such as WiMAX and LTE. Other countries have also
deregulated portions of their available spectrum to allow deployment of these and other technologies. Deregulation may introduce new competition and new opportunities for the Company. 

The U.S. is currently contemplating allocating the 10 MHz in the 700 MHz spectrum block—the so-called D block spectrum—to public
safety. Alternatively the D block spectrum may be auctioned to commercial carriers, as has been advocated by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”). Failure to allocate the D block spectrum to public safety could negatively impact
our ability to provide next generation public safety communications systems in the U.S. and, as a result, negatively impact our business. 

Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face.

Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world and more than 40% of our revenue is generated by customers
outside the U.S. In addition, we have a number of manufacturing, research and development, administrative and sales facilities outside the U.S. and more than 50% of our employees are employed outside the U.S. Most of our suppliers’ operations
are outside the U.S. and most of our products are manufactured outside the U.S. 

As with all companies that have sizeable sales
and operations outside the U.S., we are exposed to risks that could negatively impact sales or profitability, including but not limited to: (i) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and
certifications, including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications; (ii) changes in U.S. and non-U.S. rules related to trade, environmental, health and safety,
technical standards and consumer protection; (iii) longer payment cycles; (iv) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the U.S., obligations under tax incentive agreements,
difficulties in repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations; (v) currency fluctuations, particularly in the Chinese Renminbi, Euro, Malaysian
Ringgit and the British Pound; (vi) foreign exchange regulations, which may limit the Company’s ability to convert or repatriate foreign currency; (vii) challenges in collecting accounts receivable; (viii) cultural and language
differences; (ix) employment regulations and local labor conditions; (x) difficulties protecting IP in foreign countries; (xi) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession and actual or anticipated
military or political conflicts; (xii) natural disasters; (xiii) public health issues or outbreaks; (xiv) changes in laws or regulations that negatively impact benefits being received by the Company; (xv) the impact of each of
the foregoing on our outsourcing and procurement arrangements; and (xvi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign administrative proceedings. 

Many of our products that are manufactured outside the U.S. are manufactured in Asia (primarily Malaysia) and Latin America (primarily Mexico). If manufacturing in these regions is disrupted, our overall
capacity could be significantly reduced and sales or profitability could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the legal system in China is still developing and this and other legal systems around the world are subject to change. Accordingly, our
operations and orders for products in China could be negatively impacted by changes to, or interpretation of, Chinese law. 

Table of Contents

17

We also have a presence in emerging markets such as India. We face additional challenges in
emerging markets, including creating demand for our products and the negative impact of changes in the laws, or the interpretation of the laws, in those countries. 

We also are subject to risks that our operations outside the U.S. could be conducted by our employees, contractors, representatives or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or
other similar anti-bribery laws. While we have policies and procedures to comply with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies. Any such violations could have a negative impact on
our business. Moreover, we face additional risks that our anti-bribery policy and procedures may be violated by third party sales representatives or other agents that help sell our products or provide other services, because such representatives or
agents are not our employees and it may be more difficult to oversee their conduct. 

Changes in our operations or sales outside the U.S.
markets could result in lost benefits in impacted countries and increase our cost of doing business. 

The Company has
entered into various agreements with non-U.S. governments, agencies or similar organizations under which the Company receives certain benefits relating to its operations and/or sales in the jurisdiction. If the Company’s circumstances change
and operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, including as a result of obligations undertaken prior to the Separation of Motorola Mobility which cannot be fulfilled, the Company may be at risk of having to reimburse benefits
already granted, and losing some or all of these benefits and increasing our cost of doing business. 

Changes in our effective tax rate may
have a negative impact on earnings. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign tax jurisdictions. Our
effective tax rate may be negatively impacted by changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws and accounting principles, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities, failure to meet commitments under tax incentive agreements, discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, increases in nondeductible expenses, or difficulties in repatriating cash held abroad in a
tax-efficient manner. 

Tax audits may also negatively impact our effective tax rate. We are subject to continued examination of
our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. We regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for
income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuing examinations will not have a negative impact on future operating results. 

If the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted. 

Some of the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in
the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. Often these issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or
even the cancellation of orders by customers. Sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers.
Such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues can have legal and financial ramifications, including: delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future orders, customer-imposed penalties on us for failure to meet contractual
requirements, increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation. 

In some cases, if the quality issue affects the product’s safety or regulatory compliance, then such a “defective” product may need to be recalled. Depending on the nature of the defect and
the number of products in the field, it could cause the Company to incur substantial recall costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to the Company’s goodwill or brand reputation. In
addition, the Company may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue that the Company receives from the contracts. In certain jurisdictions when contracting with the government
no limitation to liability is permitted by law. Recalls involving regulatory agencies could also result in fines and additional costs. Finally, recalls could result in third-party litigation by persons alleging harm, resulting from the use of the
products. 

Table of Contents

18

Many of our components and products are designed or manufactured by third parties and if such
third-parties lack sufficient quality control or if there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, it may have a negative impact on our business. 

We rely on third-parties to design or manufacture many of our components and finished products. We could have difficulties fulfilling our
orders and our sales and profits could decline if (i) we are not able to engage such manufacturers with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third parties lack sufficient quality control and fail to deliver quality
components or products on time and at reasonable prices, (iii) if there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third parties. 

We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform could cause our products or services to be produced or delivered in
an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 

We engage subcontractors on many of our contracts. We may have disputes with our
subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor. Our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply,
which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure of our suppliers to use acceptable ethical business practices could negatively impact our business. 

It is our policy to require our suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices, environmental compliance and trademark
and copyright licensing. However, we do not control their labor and other business practices. If one of our suppliers violates labor or other laws or implements labor or other business practices that are regarded as unethical, the shipment of
finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be canceled, relationships could be terminated and our reputation could be damaged. If one of our suppliers fails to procure necessary license rights to trademarks, copyrights or patents,
legal action could be taken against us that could impact the salability of our inventory and expose us to financial obligations to a third party. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our sales and results of operations. 

Our success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to form successful strategic alliances. If these arrangements do not develop as expected, our
business may be negatively impacted. 

We currently partner with industry leaders and other large organizations to meet
customer product and service requirements and to develop innovative advances in design and technology. Some of our partnerships allow us to supplement internal manufacturing capacity and share the cost of developing next-generation technologies.
Other partnerships allow us to offer more services and features to our customers. However, such arrangements carry an element of risk because, in many cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with which we have a partnership and,
at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. If such arrangements do not develop as expected, our business could be negatively impacted. 

We rely on third-party distributors, representatives and retailers to sell certain of our products. 

In addition to our own sales force, we offer our products through a variety of third-party distributors, representatives and retailers. Our distributors or representatives may also market other products
that compete with our products. The loss, termination or failure of one or more of our distributors or representatives to effectively promote our products, or changes in the financial or business condition of these distributors, representatives or
retailers, could affect our ability to bring products to market. 

Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a
sufficient amount of materials, parts and components to meet the demands of our customers and any reduction or interruption in supplies or significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our business. 

Our ability to meet customers’ demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials,
parts and components from our suppliers. If demand for our products increases from our current expectations, we could experience shortages. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our operations. Although we work
closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter shortages in the future or that such shortages will not negatively impact our operations. 

Table of Contents

19

Furthermore, certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited
sources. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. A reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, our current contractual
arrangements with certain suppliers may be cancelled or not extended by such suppliers and, therefore, not afford the Company with sufficient protection against a reduction or interruption in supplies. Moreover, in the event any of these single
source or limited source suppliers breach their contracts with us, our legal remedies associated with such a breach may be insufficient to compensate the Company for any damages we may suffer. 

We face many risks relating to intellectual property rights. 

Our business will be harmed if: (i) we, our customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third parties, (ii) the intellectual property indemnities
in our supplier agreements are inadequate to cover damages and losses due to infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by supplier products, (iii) we are required to provide broad intellectual property indemnities to our
customers, (iv) our intellectual property protection is inadequate to protect our proprietary rights, or (v) our competitors negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property. We may be harmed if we are forced
to make publicly available, under the relevant open-source licenses, certain internally developed software-related intellectual property as a result of either our use of open-source software code or the use of third-party software that contains
open-source code. 

Because our products are comprised of complex technology, much of which we acquire from suppliers through
the purchase of components or licensing of software, we are often involved in or impacted by assertions, including both requests for licenses and litigation, regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Third parties have asserted, and
in the future may assert, intellectual property infringement claims against us and against our customers and suppliers. These assertions against the Company, and its customers and suppliers have been increasing as the complexity of our products have
increased. While many of these claims were directed at our former Mobile Devices and Home businesses, we still retain risk of such claims including with respect to actions filed against us prior to the Distribution of Motorola Mobility which crossed
our respective businesses. Many of these assertions are brought by non-practicing entities whose principle business model is to secure patent licensing-based revenue from product manufacturing companies. The patentees often make broad and sweeping
claims regarding the applicability of their patents to our products, seeking a percentage of sales as licenses fees, seeking injunctions to pressure us into taking a license, or a combination thereof. Defending claims may be expensive and divert the
time and efforts of our management and employees. Increasingly, third parties have sought broad injunctive relief which could limit our ability to sell our products in the U.S. or elsewhere with intellectual property subject to the claims. If we do
not succeed in any such litigation, we could be required to expend significant resources to pay damages, develop non-infringing intellectual property or to obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation, each of
which could have a negative impact on our financial results. However, we cannot be certain that any such licenses, if available at all, will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. In some cases, we might be forced to stop delivering
certain products if we or our customer or supplier are subject to a final injunction. 

We attempt to negotiate favorable
intellectual property indemnities with our suppliers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in our negotiations or that a supplier’s indemnity will cover all
damages and losses suffered by us and our customers due to the infringing products or that a supplier will choose to accept a license or modify or replace its products with non-infringing products which would otherwise mitigate such damages and
losses. Further, the Company may not be able to participate in intellectual property litigation involving a supplier and may not be able to influence any ultimate resolution or outcome that may negatively impact our sales if a court enters an
injunction that enjoins the supplier’s products or if the International Trade Commission issues an exclusionary order that blocks our products from importation into the U.S. The frequency with which intellectual property disputes involving our
suppliers have resulted in our involvement in International Trade Commission proceedings has increased. These proceedings are costly and entail the risk that we will be subjected to a ban on the importation of our products into the U.S. solely as a
result of our use of a supplier’s components. 

In addition, our customers increasingly demand that we indemnify them
broadly from all damages and losses resulting from intellectual property litigation against them. 

Table of Contents

20

Our patent and other intellectual property rights are important competitive tools and may
generate income under license agreements. We regard our intellectual property as proprietary and attempt to protect them with patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other methods. We also generally
restrict access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar technology independently. In addition, effective
patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third parties and the cost of any litigation necessary to enforce our
intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our business. 

As we expand our business, including through
acquisitions, and compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new areas may not be as developed as in our longer-standing businesses. This may expose us to a heightened risk
of litigation and other challenges from competitors in these new markets. Further, competitors may be able to negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property than we are able to, which puts them at a competitive
advantage. 

While the businesses that are a part of Motorola Solutions have historically experienced lower intellectual
property-related risks than have other businesses that were transferred with Motorola Mobility, as the products of Motorola Solutions become more like the products of those other businesses, through the adoption of industry-standard technologies,
for instance, the intellectual property-related risks experienced by Motorola Solutions may increase. 

We may continue to make strategic
acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. 

In order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities, we have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions
that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include: (i) the difficulty in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner; (ii) the challenges in achieving
strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions; (iii) the risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;
(iv) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; (v) the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our operations; (vi) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience;
(vii) risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems; (viii) difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses; and
(ix) future impairments of goodwill of an acquired business. 

Acquisition candidates in the industries in which we
participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on their earnings) than we do. This is particularly evident in software and services businesses. Acquiring a business that has a higher valuation than Motorola Solutions may be dilutive to our
earnings, especially if the acquired business has little or no revenue. In addition, we may not pursue opportunities that are highly dilutive to near-term earnings and have, in the past, foregone certain of these acquisitions. 

Key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of change-in-control
agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity- based compensation rights. To retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be
difficult to retain certain key employees. 

We may be required to record additional goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges,
which could result in an additional significant charge to earnings. 

Under generally accepted accounting principles, we
review our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered in assessing whether goodwill
or intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in the Company’s stock price or market capitalization, reduced estimates of future cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. No goodwill or long-lived assets impairment
charges were recorded during 2010 or 2009. During 2008, the Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of $1.6 billion. The goodwill impairment charges resulted from lower asset values in the overall market and the impact of the

Table of Contents

21

macroenvironment on the Company’s near-term forecasts. Declines in the Company’s stock price or reductions in the Company’s future cash flow estimates and future operating results
may require the Company to record significant additional goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges in our financial statements in future periods, which could negatively impact our financial results. 

It may be difficult for us to recruit and retain the types of engineers and other highly-skilled employees that are necessary to remain competitive.

Competition for key technical personnel in high-technology industries is intense. We believe that our future success
depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products. We may not be as successful as our competitors at
recruiting, assimilating, retaining and utilizing these highly-skilled personnel. 

Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract,
retain and prepare succession plans for senior management and key employees. 

The performance of our CEO, senior management
and other key employees is critical to our success. If we are unable to retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact the Company. We rely on the experience of our
senior management, who have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. A loss of the CEO, a member of senior management or
key employee particularly to a competitor could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. Further, if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our CEO, senior management and other key employees, the Company could be negatively impacted.

The unfavorable outcome of any pending or future litigation or administrative action could negatively impact the Company. 

Our financial results could be negatively impacted by unfavorable outcomes to any pending or future litigation or administrative actions,
including those related to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws. See “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” There can be no assurances as to the favorable outcome of any litigation. In addition, it can be very
costly to defend litigation and these costs could negatively impact our financial results. 

It is important that we are able to obtain many
different types of insurance, and if we are not able to obtain insurance we are forced to retain the risk. 

The Company has
many types of insurance coverage and also self-insures for some risks and obligations. While the cost and availability of most insurance is stable, there are still certain types and levels of insurance that remain difficult to obtain. Natural
disasters and certain risks arising from securities claims and public liability are potential self-insured events that could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, while we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our
insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs from an accident, incident or claim. 

We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws. 

Our operations and the products we manufacture and/or sell are subject to a wide range of global laws. Compliance with existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our
production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, and generally impact our financial performance. Some of these laws relate to the use, disposal, clean up of, and exposure to certain substances. In the United
States, laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and often times in response to action or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. The Company continues to incur disposal costs and has ongoing
remediation obligations. Changes to U.S. environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 

Laws focused on: the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories; recycling of both electronic products and packaging;
reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products; and the transportation of batteries continue to expand significantly. Laws pertaining to accessibility features of electronic products, standardization of connectors and
power supplies, the transportation of lithium-ion batteries and other aspects are also proliferating. 

Table of Contents

22

These laws impact our products and negatively affects our competitive ability to manufacture
and sell products. We expect these trends to continue. In addition, we anticipate increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to reduction or elimination of certain constituents from products, increasing energy efficiency, and providing
additional accessibility. 

We may be unable to obtain a sufficient supply of components and parts that are free of minerals mined from the
Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, which could result in a shortage of such components and parts or reputational damages if we are unable to certify that our products are free of such minerals. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act included disclosure requirements regarding the use of “conflict”
minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (“DRC”) and procedures regarding a manufacturer’s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such “conflict” minerals. While final rules implementing
these requirements are not expected from the SEC until April 2011, the implementation of these requirements may limit the pool of suppliers who can provide us DRC Conflict Free components and parts, and we cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities that meet the DRC Conflict Free designation as proposed by the requirements. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our
customers, other stockholders and the activist community if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the defined “conflict” metals used in our products. 

Changes in government policies and laws, funding or economic conditions may negatively impact our financial results. 

Our results may be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations, or other activities of U.S. and non-U.S. governments, agencies and similar organizations. In
particular, the financial results of our government business may be negatively impacted by any decreases in the level of government funding, including availability of grants, for public safety projects. Our results may also be affected by
social and economic conditions, which impact our operations, including in emerging markets in Asia, India, Latin America and Eastern Europe, and in markets subject to ongoing political hostilities and war, including the Middle East. 

We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption could have a
negative impact on our operations, sales and operating results. 

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of
complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the Company and some are outsourced. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not
limited to computer viruses, security breach, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. There also may be system or network disruptions if new or upgraded business management systems are defective or are not
installed properly. We have implemented various measures to manage our risks related to system and network disruptions, but a system failure or security breach could negatively impact our operations and financial results. In addition, we may incur
additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches. 

Our share price has been and may continue to be
volatile. 

Our share price has been volatile due, in part, to generally volatile securities markets, the volatility in the
telecommunications and technology companies’ securities markets in particular and the Distribution of Motorola Mobility. Factors other than our financial results that may affect our share price include, but are not limited to, market
expectations of our performance, spending plans of our customers and the level of perceived growth in the industries in which we participate. 

We have a large cost overhang resulting from the Distribution of Motorola Mobility and must take additional cost-reduction actions. Our ability to
complete these actions and the impact of such actions on our business beyond those already taken may be limited by a variety of factors. The cost-reduction actions, in turn, may expose us to additional production risk and have a negative impact on
our sales, profitability and ability to attract and retain employees. 

The Distribution of Motorola Mobility has resulted
in costs that were formerly allocated to Motorola Mobility being absorbed by Motorola Solutions. The majority of the overhang costs have been or are planned to be eliminated from Motorola Solutions through cost reduction activities. 

Table of Contents

23

The impact of these cost-reduction actions on our sales and profitability may be influenced
by many factors, including, but not limited to: (i) our ability to successfully complete these ongoing efforts; (ii) our ability to generate the level of cost savings we expect or that are necessary to enable us to effectively compete;
(iii) delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions in highly-regulated locations outside the United States, particularly in Europe and Asia; (iv) decline in employee morale and the potential inability to meet operational
targets due to the loss of employees; and (v) our ability to retain or recruit key employees. 

As part of the Distribution
of Motorola Mobility we have consolidated or exited certain facilities and our products are designed and manufactured in fewer facilities than in the past. While we have business continuity and risk management plans in place in case capacity is
significantly reduced or eliminated at a given facility, the reduced number of alternative facilities could cause the duration of any manufacturing disruption to be longer. As a result, we could have difficulties fulfilling our orders and our sales
and profits could decline. 

Following the Distribution of Motorola Mobility we are a smaller, more focused company and may be more
susceptible to market fluctuations, other adverse events, increased costs and less favorable purchasing terms. 

As a large
company we were able to enjoy certain benefits from operating diversity and purchasing leverage. Following the Distribution of Motorola Mobility we are a smaller company and operate in more focused industries. As a result there is a risk that we may
be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than we would have otherwise been were we still a part of a larger and more operationally diverse company. In particular, we are more susceptible to reductions in government and
corporate spending as a result of our focus on government and enterprise customers. We may also experience increased costs and less favorable terms as a result of our inability to continue to leverage the purchasing spend of our former Mobile
Devices and Home businesses. Prior to the Distribution of Motorola Mobility we negotiated favorable pricing terms with many of our suppliers, some of which have volume-based pricing. In the future, as we establish new pricing terms, our reduced
volume demand could negatively impact future pricing from suppliers. All of these outcomes may result in our products being more costly to manufacture and less competitive. Although we cannot predict the extent of any such increased costs, it is
possible that such costs could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

Motorola Mobility did not assume any of
the liabilities associated with our existing public market debt, any of the U.S. pension liabilities, a majority of our non-U.S. pension plans or certain corporate litigation matters and we continue to bear all of the risk for these liabilities
following liabilities Separation of Motorola Mobility. 

We contributed $3.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents to
capitalize Motorola Mobility at the time of the Separation and have an obligation to fund an additional $300 million, upon receipt of cash distributions as a result of future capital reductions of an overseas subsidiary. We remain liable for all of
our existing public market debt, all of the U.S. pension liabilities, the majority of our non-U.S. pension liabilities and certain corporate litigation matters and Motorola Mobility did not provide us with any indemnification for these matters.
Although we cannot fully predict the extent of these liabilities, it is possible that they could be significant and could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

Following the Distribution of Motorola Mobility, a larger percentage of our cash and cash equivalents are held outside of the United States and we could be subject to repatriation delays and costs
which could reduce our financial flexibility. 

A substantial percentage of the cash and cash equivalents that we
contributed to Motorola Mobility were paid in the United States, which reduced the amount of our U.S. cash and cash equivalents and, therefore, increased the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the Company or its subsidiaries in other
countries when compared to the pre-Separation levels. While the Company regularly repatriates funds with minimal adverse financial impact, repatriation of some of the funds has been and could continue to be subject to delay for local country
approvals and could have potential adverse tax consequences. As a result of having a lower amount of the cash and cash equivalents in the U.S. post the contribution to Motorola Mobility, our financial flexibility is reduced. 

Table of Contents

24

In connection with the Distribution of Motorola Mobility, Motorola Mobility indemnified us for certain
liabilities and we indemnified Motorola Mobility for certain liabilities. This indemnity may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of the liabilities assumed by Motorola Mobility and Motorola Mobility may be unable to satisfy its
indemnification obligations to us in the future. 

Pursuant to the Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain
other agreements with Motorola Mobility, Motorola Mobility agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify Motorola Mobility for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. There can be no assurance that the
indemnity from Motorola Mobility will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Motorola Mobility will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Third-parties could also seek to hold us
responsible for any of the liabilities that Motorola Mobility has agreed to assume. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Motorola Mobility any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses
ourselves. In addition, indemnities that we may be required to provide Motorola Mobility are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. For more detailed information, see the Amended and Restated Master Separation and Distribution Agreement which was filed as an exhibit to our Form 10-Q for the third quarter 2010. 

We no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M
logo and all derivatives and formatives thereof (“Motorola Marks”) and we license the Motorola Marks from Motorola Mobility. Our joint use of the Motorola Marks could result in product and market confusion and negatively impact our ability
to expand our business under the Motorola brand. In addition, if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement we could lose our rights to the Motorola Marks. 

We have a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from Motorola Mobility to use the Motorola Marks as part of our corporate name and in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of our
current products and services. The license of the Motorola Marks is important to us because of the reputation of the Motorola brand for our products and services. Although we will continue to be able to use the Motorola Marks in certain fields of
use we no longer own the Motorola Marks after the Distribution of Motorola Mobility. There are risks associated with both Motorola Mobility and the Company using the Motorola Marks and with this loss of ownership. Because both Motorola Mobility and
the Company will be using the Motorola Marks, confusion could arise in the market, including customer and investor confusion regarding the products offered by and the actions of the two companies. This risk could increase as both Motorola
Mobility’s and our products continue to converge. Also, any negative publicity associated with either company in the future could adversely affect the public image of the other. In addition because our license of the Motorola Marks will be
limited to products and services within our specified fields of use, we will not be permitted to use the Motorola Marks in other fields of use without the approval of Motorola Mobility. In the event that we desire to expand our business into any
other fields of use, we may need to do so with a brand other than Motorola. Developing a brand as well-known and with as much brand equity as Motorola could take considerable time and expense. The risk of needing to develop a second brand increases
as Motorola Mobility’s and our products continue to converge and as our business expands into other fields of use. In addition, we could lose our rights to use the Motorola Marks if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement. Such
a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, Motorola Mobility has the right to license the brand to third parties and either Motorola Mobility or licensed third parties may use the brand
in ways that make the brand less attractive for customers of Motorola Solutions, creating increased risk that Motorola Solutions may need to develop an alternate or additional brand. 

A change of control of or bankruptcy of Motorola Mobility could result in an incompatible third-party owning the Motorola Marks or the loss of certain rights, including the license. 

Since Motorola Mobility owns the Motorola Marks, in the event Motorola Mobility is acquired, the acquiring entity would gain control of
the Motorola Marks. Similarly, in the event of a liquidation of Motorola Mobility it is possible that a bankruptcy court would permit the Motorola Marks to be assigned to a third-party. While our right to use the Motorola Marks under our license
should continue in our specified field of use in such situations, it is possible that we could be party to a license arrangement with a third-party whose interests are incompatible with ours, thereby potentially making the license arrangement
difficult to administer, and increasing the costs and risks 

Table of Contents

25

associated with sharing the Motorola Marks. In addition, there is a risk that, in the event of a bankruptcy of Motorola Mobility, Motorola Mobility or its bankruptcy trustee may attempt to reject
the license, or a bankruptcy court may refuse to uphold the license or certain of its terms. Such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We contributed a significant portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, to Motorola Mobility and we are unable to leverage these intellectual property rights as we did prior to the
Distribution of Motorola Mobility. 

We contributed approximately 17,200 granted patents and approximately 8,000 pending
patent applications worldwide to Motorola Mobility in connection with the Distribution. Although we will have a perpetual, royalty free license to these patents and other intellectual property rights, we no longer own them. As a result we will be
unable to leverage these intellectual property rights for purposes of generating licensing revenue or entering into favorable licensing arrangements with third parties. As a result we may incur increased license fees or litigation costs. Although we
cannot predict the extent of such unanticipated costs, it is possible such costs could negatively impact our financial results. These risks will increase if we are unable to complete the sale of our Networks business. 

Some contracts which were assigned from us or our affiliates to Motorola Mobility or its affiliates in connection with the Separation require the
consent or involvement of the counterparty to such an assignment, many of which have not yet been obtained. Failure to obtain consents with or a termination of the agreement by any of our large customers or suppliers, or interference by such
customers or suppliers with such an assignment, could negatively impact our financial condition and future results of operations. 

The Master Separation and Distribution Agreement and various local transfer agreements provide that in connection with the Separation of Motorola Mobility from us, a number of contracts with customers,
suppliers, landlords and other third-parties were assigned from us or our affiliates to Motorola Mobility or Motorola Mobility’s affiliates. However, some of these contracts require the contractual counterparty’s consent to such an
assignment. Similarly, in some circumstances, our former Mobile Devices and/or Home business and another of our business units were joint beneficiaries of contracts, and Motorola Mobility or we will need to enter into a new agreement with the
third-party to replicate the contract or assign the portion of the contract related to our respective businesses. Because of the volume of agreements which require consent to assign, replicate or replace, this process will not be completed for some
time. It is possible that some parties may use the requirement of a consent to seek more favorable contractual terms from us or seek to terminate the contract. If we are unable to complete the assignments in a timely manner, we may remain primarily
liable for contracts that should have been assigned to Motorola Mobility, may be required to enter into new agreements at significantly less favorable terms or may find our contracts terminated. The failure to complete the assignment of existing
contracts, or the negotiation of new agreements, with any of our large customers or key suppliers (including those that are single source or limited source suppliers), or a termination of any of those arrangements, could negatively impact our
financial condition and future results of operations. 

Completion of the Distribution of Motorola Mobility may not enhance long-term
shareholder value. 

We completed the Distribution of Motorola Mobility on January 4, 2011. At the time of this
distribution, our board and management team, after consultation with independent financial and legal advisors, believed that the Distribution of Motorola Mobility as planned would enhance long-term shareholder value. There can be no assurance,
however, that the combined value of our common stock and the common stock of Motorola Mobility will equal or exceed what the value of our common stock would have been in the absence of the Distribution in the long term. The combined value of the
common stock of the two companies following the Distribution could be lower than anticipated for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the inability of Motorola Mobility to compete effectively as an independent company, realignment of the
stockholder population of both the Company and Motorola Mobility in the period following the Distribution, and changes in market perception of the prospects of the Company and Motorola Mobility as a consequence of the Distribution. 

Table of Contents

26