.

     Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors

     The Company’s revenues and losses could be affected by the risk factors discussed below that
are applicable to the Company, and the Company’s income from joint ventures could be affected by
the risk factors discussed below that are applicable to C-BASS and Sherman. These risk factors are
an integral part of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

     These factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by forward looking statements that the Company may make. Forward looking statements consist of
statements which relate to matters other than historical fact. Among others, statements that
include words such as the Company “believes”, “anticipates” or “expects”, or words of similar
import, are forward looking statements. The Company is not undertaking any obligation to update any
forward looking statements it may make even though these statements may be affected by events or
circumstances occurring after the forward looking statements were made.

     The amount of insurance the Company writes could be adversely affected if lenders and
investors select alternatives to private mortgage insurance. 

These alternatives to private mortgage insurance include:

•

lenders originating mortgages using piggyback structures to avoid
private mortgage insurance, such as a first mortgage with an 80%
loan-to-value ratio and a second mortgage with a 10%, 15% or 20%
loan-to-value ratio (referred to as 80-10-10, 80-15-5 or 80-20 loans,
respectively) rather than a first mortgage with a 90%, 95% or 100%
loan-to-value ratio,

•

investors holding mortgages in portfolio and self-insuring,

22

Table of Contents

•

investors using credit enhancements other than private mortgage
insurance or using other credit enhancements in conjunction with
reduced levels of private mortgage insurance coverage, and

•

lenders using government mortgage insurance programs, including those
of the Federal Housing Administration and the Veterans Administration.

     While no data is publicly available, the Company believes that piggyback loans are a
significant percentage of mortgage originations in which borrowers make down payments of less than
20% and that their use is primarily by borrowers with higher credit scores. During the fourth
quarter of 2004, the Company introduced on a national basis a program designed to recapture
business lost to these mortgage insurance avoidance products. This program accounted for 5.7% of
flow new insurance written in the fourth quarter of 2005 and 6.5% of flow new insurance written for
all of 2005.

     Deterioration in the domestic economy or changes in the mix of business may result in more
homeowners defaulting and the Company’s losses increasing. 

     Losses result from events that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage
payments, such as unemployment, and whether the home of a borrower who defaults on his mortgage can
be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale.
Favorable economic conditions generally reduce the likelihood that borrowers will lack sufficient
income to pay their mortgages and also favorably affect the value of homes, thereby reducing and in
some cases even eliminating a loss from a mortgage default. A deterioration in economic conditions
generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their
mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values.

     Approximately 8.5% of the Company’s primary risk in force is located in areas within Alabama
(0.3%), Florida (4.5%), Louisiana (1.0%), Mississippi (0.6%) and Texas (2.2%) that have been
declared eligible for individual and public assistance by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
as a result of Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma. The effect on the Company from these hurricanes,
however, will not be limited to these areas to the extent that the borrowers in areas that have not
experienced wind or water damage are adversely affected due to deteriorating economic conditions
attributable to these hurricanes.

     The mix of business the Company writes also affects the likelihood of losses occurring. In
recent years, the percentage of the Company’s volume written on a flow basis that includes segments
the Company views as having a higher probability of claim has continued to increase. These segments
include loans with loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios over 95% (including loans with 100% LTV ratios),
“FICO” credit scores below 620, limited underwriting, including limited borrower documentation, or
total debt-to-income ratios of 38% or higher, as well as loans having combinations of higher risk
factors.

     Approximately 9% of the Company’s primary risk in force written through the flow channel, and
72% of the Company’s primary risk in force written through the bulk channel, consists of adjustable
rate mortgages (“ARMs”). The Company believes that during a prolonged period of rising interest
rates, claims on ARMs would be substantially higher than for fixed rate loans, although the
performance of ARMs has not been tested in such an environment. In addition, the Company believes
the volume of “interest-only” loans (which may also be ARMs) and other loans with negative
amortization features, such as pay option ARMs, increased in 2004 and 2005. Because interest-only
loans and pay option ARMs are a relatively recent development, the Company has no data on their
historical performance. The Company believes claim rates on certain of these loans will be
substantially higher than on comparable loans that do not have negative amortization.

23

Table of Contents

     Competition or changes in the Company’s relationships with its customers could reduce the
Company’s revenues or increase its losses. 

     Competition for private mortgage insurance premiums occurs not only among private mortgage
insurers but also with mortgage lenders through captive mortgage reinsurance transactions. In these
transactions, a lender’s affiliate reinsures a portion of the insurance written by a private
mortgage insurer on mortgages originated or serviced by the lender. As discussed under “The
mortgage insurance industry is subject to risk from private litigation and regulatory proceedings”
below, the Company provided information to the New York Insurance Department and the Minnesota
Department of Commerce about captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements. It has been publicly
reported that certain other insurance departments may review or investigate such arrangements.

     The level of competition within the private mortgage insurance industry has also increased as
many large mortgage lenders have reduced the number of private mortgage insurers with whom they do
business. At the same time, consolidation among mortgage lenders has increased the share of the
mortgage lending market held by large lenders.

     The Company’s private mortgage insurance competitors include:

 •

PMI Mortgage Insurance Company,

 •

Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation,

 •

United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company,

 •

Radian Guaranty Inc.,

 •

Republic Mortgage Insurance Company,

 •

Triad Guaranty Insurance Corporation, and

 •

CMG Mortgage Insurance Company.

     If interest rates decline, house prices appreciate or mortgage insurance cancellation
requirements change, the length of time that the Company’s policies remain in force could decline
and result in declines in the Company’s revenue. 

     In each year, most of the Company’s premiums are from insurance that has been written in prior
years. As a result, the length of time insurance remains in force (which is also generally referred
to as persistency) is an important determinant of revenues. The factors affecting the length of
time the Company’s insurance remains in force include:

•

the level of current mortgage interest rates compared to the mortgage
coupon rates on the insurance in force, which affects the
vulnerability of the insurance in force to refinancings, and

•

mortgage insurance cancellation policies of mortgage investors along
with the rate of home price appreciation experienced by the homes
underlying the mortgages in the insurance in force.

     During the 1990s, the Company’s year-end persistency ranged from a high of 87.4% at December
31,

24

Table of Contents

1990 to a low of 68.1% at December 31, 1998. At December 31, 2005 persistency was at 61.3%,
compared to the record low of 44.9% at September 30, 2003. Over the past several years,
refinancing has become easier to accomplish and less costly for many consumers. Hence, even in an
interest rate environment favorable to persistency improvement, the Company does not expect
persistency will approach its December 31, 1990 level.

     If the volume of low down payment home mortgage originations declines, the amount of
insurance that the Company writes could decline which would reduce the Company’s revenues. 

The factors that affect the volume of low-down-payment mortgage originations include:

•

The level of home mortgage interest rates,

•

the health of the domestic economy as well as conditions in regional and local economies,

•

housing affordability,

•

population trends, including the rate of household formation,

•

the rate of home price appreciation, which in times of heavy refinancing can affect
whether refinance loans have loan-to-value ratios that require private mortgage
insurance, and

•

government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time homebuyers.

     In general, the majority of the underwriting profit (premium revenue minus losses) that a book
of mortgage insurance generates occurs in the early years of the book, with the largest portion of
the underwriting profit realized in the first year. Subsequent years of a book generally result in
modest underwriting profit or underwriting losses. This pattern of results occurs because
relatively few of the claims that a book will ultimately experience occur in the first few years of
the book, when premium revenue is highest, while subsequent years are affected by declining premium
revenues, as persistency decreases due to loan prepayments, and higher losses.

     If all other things were equal, a decline in new insurance written in a year that followed a
number of years of higher volume could result in a lower contribution to the mortgage insurer’s
overall results. This effect may occur because the older books will be experiencing declines in
revenue and increases in losses with a lower amount of underwriting profit on the new book
available to offset these results.

     Whether such a lower contribution would in fact occur depends in part on the extent of the
volume decline. Even with a substantial decline in volume, there may be offsetting factors that
could increase the contribution in the current year. These offsetting factors include higher
persistency and a mix of business with higher average premiums, which could have the effect of
increasing revenues, and improvements in the economy, which could have the effect of reducing
losses. In addition, the effect on the insurer’s overall results from such a lower contribution may
be offset by decreases in the mortgage insurer’s expenses that are unrelated to claim or default
activity, including those related to lower volume.

     Changes in the business practices of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could reduce the Company’s
revenues or increase its losses. 

     The business practices of the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), each of which is a government sponsored
entity (“GSE”), affect the entire relationship between them and mortgage insurers and include:

25

Table of Contents

•

the level of private mortgage insurance coverage, subject to the
limitations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s charters, when private
mortgage insurance is used as the required credit enhancement on low
down payment mortgages,

•

whether Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac influence the mortgage lender’s
selection of the mortgage insurer providing coverage and, if so, any
transactions that are related to that selection,

•

whether Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac will give mortgage lenders an
incentive, such as a reduced guaranty fee, to select a mortgage
insurer that has a “AAA” claims-paying ability,

•

rating to benefit from the lower capital requirements for Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac when a mortgage is insured by a company with that
rating,

•

the underwriting standards that determine what loans are eligible for
purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, which thereby affect the
quality of the risk insured by the mortgage insurer and the
availability of mortgage loans,

•

the terms on which mortgage insurance coverage can be canceled before
reaching the cancellation thresholds established by law, and

•

the circumstances in which mortgage servicers must perform activities
intended to avoid or mitigate loss on insured mortgages that are
delinquent.

     The mortgage insurance industry is subject to the risk of private litigation and
regulatory proceedings. 

     Consumers are bringing a growing number of lawsuits against home mortgage lenders and
settlement service providers. In recent years, seven mortgage insurers, including MGIC, have been
involved in litigation alleging violations of the anti-referral fee provisions of the Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act, which is commonly known as RESPA, and the notice provisions of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, which is commonly known as FCRA. MGIC’s settlement of class action litigation
against it under RESPA became final in October 2003. MGIC settled the named plaintiffs’ claims in
litigation against it under FCRA in late December 2004 following denial of class certification in
June 2004. There can be no assurance that MGIC will not be subject to future litigation under RESPA
or FCRA or that the outcome of any such litigation would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company. In August 2005, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit decided a case
under FCRA to which the Company was not a party that may make it more likely that the Company will
be subject to future litigation regarding when notices to borrowers are required by FCRA.

     In June 2005, in response to a letter from the New York Insurance Department (“NYID”), the
Company provided information regarding captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements and other types of
arrangements in which lenders receive compensation. In February 2006, in response to an
administrative subpoena from the Minnesota Department of Commerce (the “MDC”), which regulates
insurance, the Company provided the MDC with information about captive mortgage reinsurance and
certain other matters. In the spring of 2005, spokesmen for insurance commissioners in Colorado and
North Carolina were publicly reported as saying that those commissioners are considering
investigating or reviewing captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements. Insurance departments or
other officials in other states may also conduct such investigations or reviews.

     The anti-referral fee provisions of RESPA provide that the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (“HUD”) as well as the insurance commissioner or attorney general of any state may
bring an action to enjoin violations of these provisions of RESPA. The insurance law provisions of
many states

26

Table of Contents

prohibit paying for the referral of insurance business and provide various mechanisms
to enforce this prohibition. While the Company believes its captive reinsurance arrangements are in
conformity with applicable laws and regulations, it is not possible to predict the outcome of any
such reviews or investigations nor is it possible to predict their effect on the Company or the
mortgage insurance industry.

     Net premiums written could be adversely affected if the Department of Housing and Urban
Development reproposes and adopts a regulation under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act that
is equivalent to a proposed regulation that was withdrawn in 2004. 

     HUD regulations under RESPA prohibit paying lenders for the referral of settlement services,
including mortgage insurance, and prohibit lenders from receiving such payments. In July 2002, HUD
proposed a regulation that would exclude from these anti-referral fee provisions settlement
services included in a package of settlement services offered to a borrower at a guaranteed price.
HUD withdrew this proposed regulation in March 2004. Under the proposed regulation, if mortgage
insurance were required on a loan, the package must include any mortgage insurance premium paid at
settlement. Although certain state insurance regulations prohibit an insurer’s payment of referral
fees, had this regulation been adopted in this form, the Company’s revenues could have been
adversely affected to the extent that lenders offered such packages and received value from the
Company in excess of what they could have received were the anti-referral fee provisions of RESPA
to apply and if such state regulations were not applied to prohibit such payments.

     The Company’s income from joint ventures could be adversely affected by credit losses,
insufficient liquidity or competition affecting those businesses. 

     C-BASS: Credit-Based Asset Servicing and Securitization LLC (“C-BASS”) is particularly exposed
to credit risk and funding risk. In addition, C-BASS’s results are sensitive to its ability to
purchase mortgage loans and securities on terms that it projects will meet its return targets. With
respect to credit risk, a higher proportion of non-conforming mortgage originations (the types of
mortgages C-BASS principally purchases) in 2005 compared to 2004 were products, such as interest
only loans to subprime borrowers, that are viewed by C-BASS as having greater credit risk. In
addition, credit losses are a function of housing prices, which in certain regions have experienced
rates of increase greater than historical norms and greater than growth in median incomes.

     With respect to liquidity, the substantial majority of C-BASS’s on-balance sheet financing for
its mortgage and securities portfolio is short-term and dependent on the value of the collateral
that secures this debt. While C-BASS’s policies governing the management of capital at risk are
intended to provide sufficient liquidity to cover an instantaneous and substantial decline in
value, such policies cannot guaranty that all liquidity required will in fact be available.

     Although there has been growth in the volume of non-conforming mortgage originations in recent
years, volume is expected to decline in 2006. There is an increasing amount of competition to
purchase non-conforming mortgages, including from real estate investment trusts and from firms that
in the past acted as mortgage securities intermediaries but which are now establishing their own
captive origination capacity. Decreasing credit spreads also heighten competition in the purchase
of non-conforming mortgages and other securities.

     Sherman: The results of Sherman Financial Group LLC (“Sherman”) are sensitive to its ability
to purchase receivable portfolios on terms that it projects will meet its return targets. While the
volume of charged-off consumer receivables and the portion of these receivables that have been sold
to third parties such as Sherman has grown in recent years, there is an increasing amount of
competition to purchase such portfolios, including from new entrants to the industry, which has
resulted in increases in the prices at which portfolios can be purchased.

27

Table of Contents