.

     Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors

     Our revenues and losses could be affected by the risk factors discussed below that are
applicable to us, and our income from joint ventures could be affected by the risk factors
discussed below that are applicable to C-BASS and Sherman. These risk factors are an integral part
of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

     These factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by forward looking statements that we may make. Forward looking statements consist of statements
which relate to matters other than historical fact. Among others, statements that include words
such as we “believe”, “anticipate” or “expect”, or words of similar import, are forward looking
statements. We are not undertaking any obligation to update any forward looking statements we may
make even though these statements may be affected by events or circumstances occurring after the
forward looking statements were made.

Deterioration in home prices in the segment of the market we serve, a downturn in the domestic
economy or changes in our mix of business may result in more homeowners defaulting and our losses
increasing.

     Losses result from events that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage
payments, such as unemployment, and whether the home of a borrower who defaults on his mortgage can
be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale.
Favorable economic conditions generally reduce the likelihood that borrowers will lack sufficient
income to pay their mortgages and also favorably affect the value of homes, thereby reducing and in
some cases even

22

eliminating a loss from a mortgage default. A deterioration in economic conditions
generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their
mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values. Housing values may decline even absent a
deterioration in economic conditions due to declines in demand for homes, which in turn may result
from changes in buyers’ perceptions of the potential for future appreciation, restrictions on
mortgage credit due to more stringent underwriting standards or other factors.

     The mix of business we write also affects the likelihood of losses occurring. In recent years,
the percentage of our volume written on a flow basis that includes segments we view as having a
higher probability of claim has continued to increase. These segments include loans with LTV ratios
over 95% (including loans with 100% LTV ratios), FICO credit scores below 620, limited
underwriting, including limited borrower documentation, or total debt-to-income ratios of 38% or
higher, as well as loans having combinations of higher risk factors.

     Approximately 8% of our primary risk in force written through the flow channel, and 65% of our
primary risk in force written through the bulk channel, consists of adjustable rate mortgages
in which the initial interest rate may be adjusted during the five years after the mortgage closing
(“ARMs”). (We classify as fixed rate loans adjustable rate mortgages in which the initial interest
rate is fixed during the five years after the mortgage closing.) We believe that during a prolonged period of rising interest rates, claims on ARMs would
be substantially higher than for fixed rate loans, although the performance of ARMs has not been
tested in such an environment. Moreover, even if interest rates remain unchanged, claims on ARMs
with a “teaser rate” (an initial interest rate that does not fully reflect the index which
determines subsequent rates) may also be substantially higher because of the increase in the
mortgage payment that will occur when the fully indexed rate becomes effective. In addition, we
believe the volume of “interest-only” loans (which may also be ARMs) and loans with negative
amortization features, such as pay option ARMs, increased in 2005 and 2006. Because interest-only
loans and pay option ARMs are a relatively recent development, we have no data on their historical
performance. We believe claim rates on certain of these loans will be substantially higher than on
loans without scheduled payment increases that are made to borrowers of comparable credit quality.

The amount of insurance we write could be adversely affected if lenders and investors select
alternatives to private mortgage insurance. 

These alternatives to private mortgage insurance include:

•

lenders originating mortgages using piggyback structures to avoid
private mortgage insurance, such as a first mortgage with an 80%
loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratio and a second mortgage with a 10%, 15% or
20% LTV ratio (referred to as 80-10-10, 80-15-5 or 80-20 loans,
respectively) rather than a first mortgage with a 90%, 95% or 100% LTV
ratio that has private mortgage insurance,

•

lenders and other investors holding mortgages in portfolio and self-insuring,

•

investors using credit enhancements other than private mortgage
insurance, using other credit enhancements in conjunction with
reduced levels of private mortgage insurance coverage, or accepting
credit risk without credit enhancement, and

•

lenders using government mortgage insurance programs, including those
of the Federal Housing Administration and the Veterans Administration.

While no data is publicly available, we believe that piggyback loans are a significant percentage
of mortgage originations in which borrowers make down payments of less than 20% and that their use
is primarily by borrowers with higher credit scores. During the fourth quarter of 2004, we
introduced on a national basis a program designed to recapture business lost to these mortgage
insurance avoidance products. This program accounted for 9.1% and 6.5% of flow new insurance
written in 2006 and 2005, respectively.

23

Competition or changes in our relationships with our customers could reduce our revenues or
increase our losses. 

     Competition for private mortgage insurance premiums occurs not only among private mortgage
insurers but also with mortgage lenders through captive mortgage reinsurance transactions. In these transactions, a lender’s affiliate reinsures a portion of the insurance written by a private
mortgage insurer on mortgages originated or serviced by the lender. As discussed under “The
mortgage insurance industry is subject to risk from private litigation and regulatory proceedings”
below, we provided information to the New York Insurance Department and the Minnesota Department of
Commerce about captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements. Other insurance departments or other
officials, including attorneys general, may also seek information about or investigate captive
mortgage reinsurance.

     The level of competition within the private mortgage insurance industry has also increased as
many large mortgage lenders have reduced the number of private mortgage insurers with whom they do
business. At the same time, consolidation among mortgage lenders has increased the share of the
mortgage lending market held by large lenders.

     Our private mortgage insurance competitors include:

 •

PMI Mortgage Insurance Company,

 •

Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation,

 •

United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company,

 •

Radian Guaranty Inc.,

 •

Republic Mortgage Insurance Company,

 •

Triad Guaranty Insurance Corporation, and

 •

CMG Mortgage Insurance Company.

If interest rates decline, house prices appreciate or mortgage insurance cancellation
requirements change, the length of time that our policies remain in force could decline and result
in declines in our revenue. 

     In each year, most of our premiums are from insurance that has been written in prior years. As
a result, the length of time insurance remains in force (which is also generally referred to as
persistency) is an important determinant of revenues. The factors affecting the length of time our
insurance remains in force include:

•

the level of current mortgage interest rates compared to the mortgage
coupon rates on the insurance in force, which affects the
vulnerability of the insurance in force to refinancings, and

•

mortgage insurance cancellation policies of mortgage investors along
with the rate of home price appreciation experienced by the homes
underlying the mortgages in the insurance in force.

     During the 1990s, our year-end persistency ranged from a high of 87.4% at December 31, 1990 to
a low of 68.1% at December 31, 1998. At December 31, 2006 persistency was at 69.6%, compared to the
record low of 44.9% at September 30, 2003. Over the past several years, refinancing has become
easier to accomplish and less costly for many consumers. Hence, even in an interest rate
environment favorable to persistency improvement, we do not expect persistency will approach its
December 31, 1990 level.

24

If the volume of low down payment home mortgage originations declines, the amount of insurance
that we write could decline which would reduce our revenues. 

     The factors that affect the volume of low-down-payment mortgage originations include:

•

the level of home mortgage interest rates,

•

the health of the domestic economy as well as conditions in regional and local economies,

•

housing affordability,

•

population trends, including the rate of household formation,

•

the rate of home price appreciation, which in times of heavy refinancing can affect
whether refinance loans have LTV ratios that require private mortgage insurance, and

•

government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time homebuyers.

     In general, the majority of the underwriting profit (premium revenue minus losses) that a book
of mortgage insurance generates occurs in the early years of the book, with the largest portion of
the underwriting profit realized in the first year. Subsequent years of a book generally result in
modest underwriting profit or underwriting losses. This pattern of results occurs because
relatively few of the claims that a book will ultimately experience occur in the first few years of
the book, when premium revenue is highest, while subsequent years are affected by declining premium
revenues, as persistency decreases due to loan prepayments, and higher losses.

     If all other things were equal, a decline in new insurance written in a year that followed a
number of years of higher volume could result in a lower contribution to the mortgage insurer’s
overall results. This effect may occur because the older books will be experiencing declines in
revenue and increases in losses with a lower amount of underwriting profit on the new book
available to offset these results.

     Whether such a lower contribution would in fact occur depends in part on the extent of the
volume decline. Even with a substantial decline in volume, there may be offsetting factors that
could increase the contribution in the current year. These offsetting factors include higher
persistency and a mix of business with higher average premiums, which could have the effect of
increasing revenues, and improvements in the economy, which could have the effect of reducing
losses. In addition, the effect on the insurer’s overall results from such a lower contribution may
be offset by decreases in the mortgage insurer’s expenses that are unrelated to claim or default
activity, including those related to lower volume.

Changes in the business practices of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could reduce our revenues or
increase our losses. 

     The business practices of the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), each of which is a government sponsored
entity (“GSE”), affect the entire relationship between them and mortgage insurers and include:

•

the level of private mortgage insurance coverage, subject to the
limitations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s charters, when private
mortgage insurance is used as the required credit enhancement on low
down payment mortgages,

25

•

whether Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac influence the mortgage lender’s
selection of the mortgage insurer providing coverage and, if so, any
transactions that are related to that selection,

•

whether Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac will give mortgage lenders an
incentive, such as a reduced guaranty fee, to select a mortgage
insurer that has a “AAA” claims-paying ability rating to benefit from
the lower capital requirements for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac when a
mortgage is insured by a company with that rating,

•

the underwriting standards that determine what loans are eligible for
purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, which thereby affect the
quality of the risk insured by the mortgage insurer and the
availability of mortgage loans,

•

the terms on which mortgage insurance coverage can be canceled before
reaching the cancellation thresholds established by law, and

•

the circumstances in which mortgage servicers must perform activities
intended to avoid or mitigate loss on insured mortgages that are
delinquent.

The mortgage insurance industry is subject to the risk of private litigation and regulatory
proceedings. 

     Consumers are bringing a growing number of lawsuits against home mortgage lenders and
settlement service providers. In recent years, seven mortgage insurers, including MGIC, have been
involved in litigation alleging violations of the anti-referral fee provisions of the Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act, which is commonly known as RESPA, and the notice provisions of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, which is commonly known as FCRA. MGIC’s settlement of class action litigation
against it under RESPA became final in October 2003. MGIC settled the named plaintiffs’ claims in
litigation against it under FCRA in late December 2004 following denial of class certification in
June 2004. In December 2006, class action litigation was separately brought against three large
lenders alleging that their captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements violated RESPA. While we are
not a defendant in any of these cases, there can be no assurance that MGIC will not be subject to
future litigation under RESPA or FCRA or that the outcome of any such litigation would not have a
material adverse effect on us. In 2005, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
decided a case under FCRA to which we were not a party that may make it more likely that we will be
subject to litigation regarding when notices to borrowers are required by FCRA. The Supreme Court
of the United States is reviewing this case, with a decision expected by the second quarter of
2007.

     In June 2005, in response to a letter from the New York Insurance Department (the “NYID”), we
provided information regarding captive mortgage reinsurance arrangements and other types of
arrangements in which lenders receive compensation. In February 2006, the NYID requested MGIC to
review its premium rates in New York and to file adjusted rates based on recent years’ experience
or to explain why such experience would not alter rates. In March 2006, MGIC advised the NYID that
it believes its premium rates are reasonable and that, given the nature of mortgage insurance risk,
premium rates should not be determined only by the experience of recent years. In February 2006, in
response to an administrative subpoena from the Minnesota Department of Commerce (the “MDC”), which
regulates insurance, we provided the MDC with information about captive mortgage reinsurance and
certain other matters. We subsequently provided additional information to the MDC. Other insurance
departments or other officials, including attorneys general, may also seek information about or
investigate captive mortgage reinsurance.

26

     The anti-referral fee provisions of RESPA provide that the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (“HUD”) as well as the insurance commissioner or attorney general of any state may
bring an action to enjoin violations of these provisions of RESPA. The insurance law provisions of
many states prohibit paying for the referral of insurance business and provide various mechanisms
to enforce this prohibition. While we believe our captive reinsurance arrangements are in
conformity with applicable laws and regulations, it is not possible to predict the outcome of any
such reviews or investigations nor is it possible to predict their effect on us or the mortgage
insurance industry.

Net premiums written could be adversely affected if the Department of Housing and Urban
Development reproposes and adopts a regulation under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act that
is equivalent to a proposed regulation that was withdrawn in 2004. 

     HUD regulations under RESPA prohibit paying lenders for the referral of settlement services,
including mortgage insurance, and prohibit lenders from receiving such payments. In July 2002, HUD
proposed a regulation that would exclude from these anti-referral fee provisions settlement
services included in a package of settlement services offered to a borrower at a guaranteed price.
HUD withdrew this proposed regulation in March 2004. Under the proposed regulation, if mortgage
insurance were required on a loan, the package must include any mortgage insurance premium paid at
settlement. Although certain state insurance regulations prohibit an insurer’s payment of referral
fees, had this regulation been adopted in this form, our revenues could have been adversely
affected to the extent that lenders offered such packages and received value from us in excess of
what they could have received were the anti-referral fee provisions of RESPA to apply and if such
state regulations were not applied to prohibit such payments.

We could be adversely affected if personal information on consumers that we maintain is
improperly disclosed. 

     As part of our business, we maintain large amounts of personal information on consumers. While
we believe we have appropriate information security policies and systems to prevent unauthorized
disclosure, there can be no assurance that unauthorized disclosure, either through the actions of
third parties or employees, will not occur. Unauthorized disclosure could adversely affect our
reputation and expose us to material claims for damages.

The implementation of the Basel II capital accord may discourage the use of mortgage
insurance.

     In 1988, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) developed the Basel Capital Accord
(the Basel I), which set out international benchmarks for assessing banks’ capital adequacy
requirements. In June 2005, the BCBS issued an update to Basel I (as revised in November 2005,
Basel II). Basel II, which is scheduled to become effective in the United States and many other
countries in 2008, affects the capital treatment provided to mortgage insurance by domestic and
international banks in both their origination and securitization activities.

     The
Basel II provisions related to residential mortgages and mortgage
insurance may provide incentives to certain of our bank customers not
to insure mortgages having a lower risk of claim and to insure
mortgages having a higher risk of claim. The Basel II provisions may
also alter
the competitive positions and financial performance of mortgage
insurers in other ways, including reducing our ability to successfully establish or
operate our planned international operations.

Our international operations subject us to numerous risks.

     We have committed significant resources to begin international operations, initially in
Australia, where we expect to start to write business in the second quarter of 2007. We plan to
expand our

27

international activities to other countries. Accordingly, in addition to the general
economic and insurance business-related factors discussed above, we are subject to a number of
risks associated with our international business activities, including:

•

risks of war and civil disturbances or other events that may limit or disrupt markets;

•

dependence on regulatory and third-party approvals;

•

changes in rating or outlooks assigned to our foreign subsidiaries by rating agencies;

•

challenges in attracting and retaining key foreign-based employees, customers and
business partners in international markets;

•

foreign governments’ monetary policies and regulatory requirements;

•

economic downturns in targeted foreign mortgage origination markets;

•

interest-rate volatility in a variety of countries;

•

the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign regulations and laws, some of
which may be materially different than the regulatory and statutory requirements we face in
our domestic business, and which may change unexpectedly;

•

potentially adverse tax consequences;

•

restrictions on the repatriation of earnings;

•

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and

•

the need to develop and market products appropriate to the various foreign markets.

     Any one or more of the risks listed above could limit or prohibit us from developing our
international operations profitably. In addition, we may not be able to effectively manage new
operations or successfully integrate them into our existing operations.

Our proposed merger with Radian could adversely affect us.

     On February 6, 2007, we entered into a definitive agreement under which Radian, one of our
mortgage insurance competitors, would merge into us. We expect the merger to occur in the fourth
quarter of 2007. Completion of the merger is subject to various conditions, including the approval
by our and Radian’s stockholders, as well as regulatory approvals. There is no assurance that the
merger will be approved, and there is no assurance that the other conditions to the completion of
the combination will be satisfied. If the merger is not completed, we will be subject to risks
such as the following:

•

because the current price of our common stock may reflect a market assumption that we
will complete the merger, a failure to complete the combination could result in a negative
perception of us and a decline in the price of our common stock;

•

we will have certain costs relating to the merger that will increase our expenses;

•

the merger may distract us from day-to-day operations and require substantial
commitments of time and resources by our personnel, which they otherwise could have devoted
to other opportunities that could have been beneficial to us; and

•

we expect some lenders will reallocate mortgage insurance
business to competitors of MGIC and Radian as a result of the merger.

     In addition, if the merger is completed, we may not be able to efficiently integrate Radian’s
businesses with ours or we may incur substantial costs and delays in integrating Radian’s
businesses with ours. Radian’s business includes financial guaranty insurance, a business in which
we have not previously engaged and which has characteristics that are different from mortgage
guaranty insurance.

28

     Certain rating agencies rate the financial strength rating of Radian’s mortgage insurance
operations Aa3 (or its equivalent). We expect that upon completion of the merger these rating
agencies will downgrade our financial strength rating so that it is the same as Radian’s. We do not
expect such a downgrade to affect our business. However, our ability to continue to write new
mortgage insurance business depends on our maintaining a financial strength rating of at least Aa3
(or its equivalent). Therefore, any further downgrade would have a material adverse affect on us.

Our income from joint ventures could be adversely affected by credit losses, insufficient
liquidity or competition affecting those businesses. 

     C-BASS: Credit-Based Asset Servicing and Securitization LLC (“C-BASS”) is principally engaged
in the business of investing in the credit risk of credit sensitive single-family residential
mortgages. C-BASS is particularly exposed to funding risk and to credit risk through ownership of
the higher risk classes of mortgage backed securities from its own securitizations and those of
other issuers. In addition, C-BASS’s results are sensitive to its ability to purchase mortgage
loans and securities on terms that it projects will meet its return targets. C-BASS’s mortgage
purchases in 2005 and 2006 have primarily been of subprime mortgages, which bear a higher risk of
default. Further, a higher proportion of subprime mortgage originations in 2005 and in 2006, as
compared to 2004, were interest-only loans, which C-BASS views as having greater credit risk.
C-BASS has not purchased any pay option ARMs, which are another type of higher risk mortgage.
Credit losses are affected by housing prices. A higher house price at default than at loan
origination generally mitigates credit losses while a lower house price at default generally
increases losses. Over the last several years, in certain regions home prices have experienced
rates of increase greater than historical norms and greater than growth in median incomes. During
the period 2003 to the third quarter of 2006, according to the Office of Federal Housing Oversight,
home prices nationally increased 36%. Since the third quarter of
2006, according to published reports, home prices have declined in
certain areas and have experienced lower rates of appreciation in
others.

     With respect to liquidity, the substantial majority of C-BASS’s on-balance sheet financing for
its mortgage and securities portfolio is dependent on the value of the collateral that secures this
debt. C-BASS maintains substantial liquidity to cover margin calls in the event of substantial
declines in the value of its mortgages and securities. While C-BASS’s policies governing the
management of capital at risk are intended to provide sufficient liquidity to cover an
instantaneous and substantial decline in value, such policies cannot guaranty that all liquidity
required will in fact be available. Further, at December 31, 2006,
approximately 68% of C-BASS’s financing has a term of
less than one year, and is subject to renewal risk.

     At the end of each financial statement period, the carrying values of C-BASS’s mortgage securities
are adjusted to fair value as estimated by C-BASS’s management. Increases in credit spreads between
periods will generally result in declines in fair value that are reflected in C-BASS’s results of
operations as unrealized losses.

     The interest expense on C-BASS’s borrowings is primarily tied to short-term rates such as
LIBOR. In a period of rising interest rates, the interest expense could increase in different
amounts and at different rates and times than the interest that C-BASS earns on the related assets,
which could negatively impact C-BASS’s earnings.

     Since 2005, there has been an increasing amount of competition to purchase subprime mortgages,
from mortgage originators that formed real estate investment trusts and from firms, such as
investment banks and commercial banks, that in the past acted as mortgage securities intermediaries
but which are now establishing their own captive origination capacity. Many of these competitors
are larger and have a lower cost of capital.

     Sherman: The results of Sherman Financial Group LLC (“Sherman”), which is principally engaged
in the business of purchasing and servicing delinquent consumer assets, are sensitive to its
ability to purchase receivable portfolios on terms that it projects will meet its return targets.
While the volume of charged-off consumer receivables and the portion of these receivables that have
been sold to third parties such as Sherman has grown in recent years, there is an increasing amount
of competition to purchase such

29

portfolios, including from new entrants to the industry, which has
resulted in increases in the prices at which portfolios can be purchased.