The following are risk
factors identified by management that if any events contemplated by the
following risks actually occur, then our business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Some of
our business segments are cyclical or are otherwise sensitive to volatile or
variable factors. A downturn or weakness in overall economic activity or
fluctuations in those other factors can have a material adverse effect on us.

Historically, sales of
products that we manufacture and sell have been subject to cyclical variations
caused by changes in general economic conditions and other factors. In
particular, the demand for our crane products is cyclical and is impacted by
the strength of the economy generally, interest rates and other factors that
may have an effect on the level of construction activity on an international,
national or regional basis. During periods of expansion in construction
activity, we generally have benefited from increased demand for our products.
Conversely, during recessionary periods, we have been adversely affected by
reduced demand for our products. In addition, the strength of the economy
generally may affect the rates of expansion, consolidation, renovation and
equipment replacement within the restaurant, lodging, convenience store and
healthcare industries, which may affect the performance of our Foodservice
segment. Furthermore, an economic recession may impact leveraged companies, as
Manitowoc has been at times, more than competing companies with less leverage
and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Products in our Crane and
Marine segments depend in part on federal, state, local and foreign
governmental spending and appropriations, including infrastructure, security
and defense outlays. Reductions in governmental spending can affect demand for
our products, which in turn can affect our performance.

Weather conditions can
substantially affect our Foodservice segment, as relatively cool summer weather
and cooler-than-normal weather in hot climates tend to decrease sales of ice
and beverage dispensers.  In addition, weather conditions can affect our
Marine segment.  A mild winter can keep the fleet sailing longer through
the winter repair season thus deferring repair activity for Marine.

12

Our sales depend in part
upon our customers’ replacement or repair cycles. Adverse economic conditions
may cause customers to forego or postpone new purchases in favor of repairing
existing machinery.

A
substantial portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. We may not be able
to identify or complete future acquisitions, which could adversely affect our
future growth.

Our growth strategy
historically has been based in part upon acquisitions. Our successful growth
through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify and successfully
negotiate suitable acquisitions, obtain financing for future acquisitions on
satisfactory terms or otherwise complete acquisitions in the future. In
addition, our level of indebtedness may increase in the future if we finance
other acquisitions with debt. This would cause us to incur additional interest
expense and could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
industry conditions and limit our ability to service our debt or obtain
additional financing. We cannot assure that future acquisitions will not have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

Our
future success depends on our ability to effectively integrate acquired
companies and manage growth.

Our growth has placed,
and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and
operational and financial resources. We have made three significant
acquisitions since November 2000. Future acquisitions will require
integration of the acquired companies’ sales and marketing, distribution,
manufacturing, engineering, purchasing, finance and administrative
organizations. Experience has taught us that the successful integration of
acquired businesses requires substantial attention from our senior management
and the management of the acquired companies, which tends to reduce the time
that they have to manage the ongoing business. While we believe we have
successfully integrated our acquisitions to date, we cannot be assured that we
will be able to integrate any future acquisitions successfully, that these
acquired companies will operate profitably or that the intended beneficial
effect from these acquisitions will be realized. Our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected
if we do not successfully integrate any future companies that we may acquire or
if we do not manage our growth effectively.

Because
we participate in industries that are intensely competitive, our net sales and
profits could decline as we respond to competition.

We sell most of our
products in highly competitive industries. We compete in each of those
industries based on product design, quality of products, quality and
responsiveness of product support services, product performance, maintenance costs
and price. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing,
manufacturing and distribution resources than we do. We cannot be certain that
our products and services will continue to compete successfully with those of
our competitors or that we will be able to retain our customer base or improve
or maintain our profit margins on sales to our customers, all of which could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.

If we
fail to develop new and innovative products or if customers in our markets do
not accept them, our results would be negatively affected.

Our products, especially
those in the Crane and Foodservice segments, must be kept current to meet our
customers’ needs. To remain competitive, we therefore must develop new and
innovative products on an on-going basis. If we fail to make innovations, or
the market does not accept our new products, our sales and results would
suffer.

We invest significantly
in the research and development of new products. These expenditures do not
always result in products that will be accepted by the market. To the extent
they do not, whether as a function of the product or the business cycle, we
will have increased expenses without significant sales to benefit us. Failure
to develop successful new products may also cause potential customers to choose
to purchase used cranes or other equipment, or competitors’ products, rather
than invest in new products manufactured by us. In our Marine segment, we must
sometimes perform engineering services either at no 

13

cost or for limited
margins, or build prototypes for little or no margin, in competing for
contracts without any assurance that we will be awarded a contract for
production models which would allow us to achieve an appropriate return on our
investment.

Price
increases in some materials and sources of supply could affect our
profitability.

We use large amounts of
steel, stainless steel, aluminum, copper and electronic controls among other
items in the manufacture of our products. Recently, market prices of some of
our key raw materials have increased significantly. In particular, we have
experienced significant increases in steel, aluminum, foam, and copper prices
in recent periods, which have increased our expenses.  If we are not able to reduce product cost in
other areas or pass future raw material price increases on to our customers,
our margins could be adversely affected. In addition, because we maintain
limited raw material and component inventories, even brief unanticipated delays
in delivery by suppliers—including those due to capacity constraints, labor
disputes, impaired financial condition of suppliers, weather emergencies or
other natural disasters—may impair our ability to satisfy our customers and
could adversely affect our financial performance.

We
increasingly manufacture and sell our products outside of the United States,
which may present additional risks to our business.

For the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006, and 2005, approximately 51.3%, 47.8% and 46.8%, respectively, of
our net sales were attributable to products sold outside of the United States.
Expanding international sales is part of our growth strategy.  We have
several manufacturing facilities located in Europe and Asia and during 2007
constructed two new facilities in Europe and in 2005 constructed two new
facilities in Asia. International operations generally are subject to various
risks, including political, military, religious and economic instability, local
labor market conditions, the imposition of foreign tariffs, the impact of
foreign government regulations, the effects of income and withholding tax,
governmental expropriation, and differences in business practices. We may incur
increased costs and experience delays or disruptions in product deliveries and
payments in connection with international manufacturing and the transfer to the
new facilities and sales that could cause loss of revenue. Unfavorable changes
in the political, regulatory and business climate and currency devaluations of
various foreign jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We
depend on our key personnel and the loss of these personnel could have an
adverse affect on our business.

Our success depends to a
large extent upon the continued services of our key executives, managers and
skilled personnel. Generally, these employees are not bound by employment or
non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to
retain our key officers and employees. We could be seriously harmed by the loss
of key personnel if it were to occur in the future.

Our
operations and profitability could suffer if we experience labor relations
problems.

We employ approximately
10,460 people and have labor agreements with 12 union locals in North America.
In addition, a large majority of our European employees belong to European
trade unions. These collective bargaining or similar agreements expire at
various times in each of the next several years. We believe that we have
satisfactory relations with our unions and, therefore, anticipate reaching new
agreements on satisfactory terms as the existing agreements expire. However, we
may not be able to reach new agreements without a work stoppage or strike
and any new agreements that are reached may not be reached on terms
satisfactory to us. A prolonged work stoppage or strike at any one of our
manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

If we
fail to protect our intellectual property rights or maintain our rights to use
licensed intellectual property, our business could be adversely affected.

14

Our patents, trademarks
and licenses are important in the operation of our businesses. Although we
intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously, we cannot be
certain that we will be successful in doing so. Third parties may assert or
prosecute infringement claims against us in connection with the services and
products that we offer, and we may or may not be able to successfully defend
these claims. Litigation, either to enforce our intellectual property rights or
to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others, could result in
substantial costs and in a diversion of our resources. In addition, if a third
party would prevail in an infringement claim against us, then we would likely
need to obtain a license from the third party on commercial terms, which would
likely increase our costs. Our failure to maintain or obtain necessary licenses
or an adverse outcome in any litigation relating to patent infringement or
other intellectual property matters could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our
results of operations may be negatively impacted by product liability lawsuits.

Our business exposes us
to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design,
manufacture, sales and use of our products, especially our crane products.
Certain of our businesses also have experienced claims relating to past
asbestos exposure. Neither we nor our affiliates have to date incurred material
costs related to these asbestos claims. We vigorously defend ourselves,
however, a substantial increase in the number of claims that are made against
us or the amounts of any judgments or settlements could, however, materially
and adversely affect our reputation and our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Some of
our products are built under fixed-price agreements; cost overruns therefore
can hurt our results.

Some of our work,
particularly in the Marine segment, is done under agreements on a fixed-price
basis. If we do not accurately estimate our costs, we may incur a loss under
these contracts. Even if the agreements have provisions which allow
reimbursement for cost overruns, we may not be able to recoup excess expenses.

Strategic
divestitures could negatively affect our results.

We regularly review our
business units and evaluate them against our core business strategies. As part
of that process, we regularly consider the divestiture of non-core and
non-strategic operations or facilities. Depending upon the circumstances and
terms, the divestiture of a profitable operation or facility could negatively
affect our earnings.

Environmental
liabilities that may arise in the future could be material to us.

Our operations,
facilities and properties are subject to extensive and evolving laws and
regulations pertaining to air emissions, wastewater discharges, the handling
and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of
contamination, and otherwise relating to health, safety and the protection of
the environment. As a result, we are involved from time to time in
administrative or legal proceedings relating to environmental and health and
safety matters, and have in the past and will continue to incur capital costs
and other expenditures relating to such matters.

Based on current
information, we believe that any costs we may incur relating to environmental
matters will not be material, although we can give no assurances. We also
cannot be certain that identification of presently unidentified environmental
conditions, more vigorous enforcement by regulatory authorities, or other
unanticipated events will not arise in the future and give rise to additional
environmental liabilities, compliance costs and/or penalties which could be
material. Further, environmental laws and regulations are constantly evolving
and it is impossible to predict accurately the effect they may have upon our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We are
exposed to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations.

15

Some of our operations
are or will be conducted by subsidiaries in foreign countries. The results of
the operations and the financial position of these subsidiaries will be
reported in the relevant foreign currencies and then translated into US dollars
at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial
statements, which are stated in US dollars. The exchange rates between many of
these currencies and the US dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent
years and may fluctuate significantly in the future. Such fluctuations may have
a material effect on our results of operations and financial position and may
significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial
periods.

In addition, we incur
currency transaction risk whenever one of our operating subsidiaries enters
into a transaction using a different currency than its functional currency. We
attempt to reduce currency transaction risk whenever one of our operating
subsidiaries enters into a transaction using a different currency than its
functional currency by:

·

matching cash flows
and payments in the same currency;

·

direct foreign
currency borrowing; and

·

entering into foreign
exchange contracts for hedging purposes.

However, we may not be
able to hedge this risk completely or at an acceptable cost, which may
adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
in future periods.

Increased
or unexpected product warranty claims could adversely affect us.

We provide our customers
a warranty covering workmanship, and in some cases materials, on products we
manufacture. Our warranty generally provides that products will be free from
defects for periods ranging from 12 months to 60 months. If a product
fails to comply with the warranty, we may be obligated, at our expense, to
correct any defect by repairing or replacing the defective product. Although we
maintain warranty reserves in an amount based primarily on the number of units
shipped and on historical and anticipated warranty claims, there can be no
assurance that future warranty claims will follow historical patterns or that we
can accurately anticipate the level of future warranty claims. An increase in
the rate of warranty claims or the occurrence of unexpected warranty claims
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Some of
our customers rely on financing with third parties to purchase our products,
and we may incur expenses associated with our assistance to customers in
securing third party financing.

We rely principally on
sales of our products to generate cash from operations. A portion of our sales
is financed by third-party finance companies on behalf of our customers. The
availability of financing by third parties is affected by general economic
conditions, the credit worthiness of our customers and the estimated residual
value of our equipment.  In certain transactions we provide residual value
guarantees and buyback commitments to our customers or the third party
financial institutions.  Deterioration in the credit quality of our
customers could negatively impact their ability to obtain the resources needed
to make purchases of our equipment or their ability to obtain third-party
financing. In addition, if the actual value of the equipment for which we have
provided a residual value guaranty declines below the amount of our guaranty,
we may incur additional costs, which may negatively impact our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our
leverage may impair our operations and financial condition.

As of December 31,
2007, our total consolidated debt was $230.6 million.  Although this
level is significantly down from recent peaks, our debt could have important
consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to general adverse
economic and industry conditions; requiring a substantial portion of our cash
flows from operations be used for the payment of interest rather than to fund
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate
requirements; limiting our ability to obtain

16

additional financing; and
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
business and the industries in which we operate.

The agreements governing
our debt include covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to
incur additional debt; pay dividends on or repurchase our equity; make
investments; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our
assets. In addition, our senior credit facility requires us to maintain
specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. Our
ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our
control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions.
These covenants may also require that we take action to reduce our debt or to
act in a manner contrary to our business objectives. We cannot be certain that
we will meet any future financial tests or that the lenders will waive any
failure to meet those tests.

If we default under our
debt agreements, our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding
under our debt agreements to be immediately due and payable and could proceed
against any collateral securing the debt. Under those circumstances, in the
absence of readily-available refinancing on favorable terms, we might elect or
be compelled to enter bankruptcy proceedings, in which case our shareholders
could lose the entire value of their investment in our common stock.

The
company is in the process of implementing global ERP systems in its Foodservice
and Crane segments.

The company is in the
process of implementing a new global ERP system in its Foodservice segment and
a separate global ERP system in the Crane segment. These systems will replace
many of the company’s existing operating and financial systems. Such
implementations are a major undertaking both financially and from a management
and personnel perspective. Should the systems not be implemented successfully
and within budget or if the systems do not perform in a satisfactory manner, it
could be disruptive and or adversely affect the operations and results of
operations of the company, including the ability of the company to report
accurate and timely financial results.

Our
inability to recover from natural or man made disaster could adversely affect
out business.

Our business and
financial results may be affected by certain events that we cannot anticipate
or that are beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, national
emergencies, significant labor strikes, work stoppages, political unrest, war
or terrorist activities that could curtail production at our facilities and
cause delayed deliveries and canceled orders. In addition, we purchase
components and raw materials and information technology and other services from
numerous suppliers, and, even if our facilities are not directly affected by
such events, we could be affected by interruptions at such suppliers. Such
suppliers may be less likely than our own facilities to be able to quickly
recover from such events and may be subject to additional risks such as
financial problems that limit their ability to conduct their operations.  We cannot assure you that we will have
insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events.