In addition to the factors discussed
elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important factors which could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

We
have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our
semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our
business.

For 2008 average selling prices of DRAM
products and NAND Flash products decreased approximately 50% and 65%,
respectively, as compared to 2007.  For 2007, average selling prices
of DRAM products and NAND Flash products decreased 23% and 56%, respectively, as
compared to 2006.  In other recent years, we also have experienced
significant annual decreases in per gigabit average selling prices for our
memory products including: 34% in 2006, 24% in 2005, 17% in 2003, 53% in 2002
and 60% in 2001.  At times, average selling prices for our memory
products have been below our costs.  We recorded inventory write-downs
of $282 million in 2008 and $20 million in 2007 as a result of significant
decreases in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory
products.  If the estimated market values of products held in finished
goods and work in process inventories at a quarter end date are below the
manufacturing cost of these products, we recognize charges to cost of goods sold
to write down the carrying value of our inventories to market
value.  Future charges for inventory write-downs could be
significantly larger than the amount recorded in 2008 and 2007.  If
average selling prices for our memory products remain depressed or decrease
faster than we can decrease per gigabit costs, as they recently have, our
business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially
adversely affected.

We
may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external
financing necessary to fund our operations and make adequate capital
investments.

Our cash flows from operations depend
primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory sold, average selling prices and
per unit manufacturing costs.  To develop new product and process
technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies and maintain
product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing
technology, facilities and capital equipment, research and development, and
product and process technology.  We currently estimate our capital
spending to approximate between $1.0 billion to $1.3 billion for
2009.  Cash and investments of IM Flash and TECH are generally not
available to finance our other operations.  In the past we have
utilized external sources of financing and access to capital markets has
historically been very important to us.  As a result of the severe
downturn in the semiconductor memory market, the downturn in general economic
conditions, and the adverse conditions in the credit markets, financing
instruments that we have used in the past are currently not available to us and
may not be available to us for extended periods.  There can be no
assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows or find other
sources of financing to fund our operations; make adequate capital investments
to remain competitive in terms of technology development and cost efficiency; or
access capital markets.  Our inability to do the foregoing could have
a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.

We
may be unable to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at the rate average
selling prices decline.

Our gross margins are dependent upon
continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through
improvements in our manufacturing processes, including reducing the die size of
our existing products.  In future periods, we may be unable to reduce
our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to increase gross
margins due to factors, including, but not limited to, strategic product
diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of
manufacturing processes, changes in process technologies or products that
inherently may require relatively larger die sizes.  Per gigabit
manufacturing costs may also be affected by the relatively smaller production
quantities and shorter product lifecycles of certain specialty memory
products.

The
semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive.

We face intense competition in the
semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including Elpida Memory,
Inc.; Hynix Semiconductor Inc.; Qimonda AG; Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.;
SanDisk Corporation; Toshiba Corporation and from emerging companies in Taiwan
and China, who have significantly expanded the scale of their
operations.  Some of our competitors are large corporations or
conglomerates that may have greater resources to withstand downturns in the
semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology and capitalize
on growth opportunities.

 12

Our competitors seek to increase
silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size and minimize mask levels in
their product designs.  The transitions to smaller line-width process
technologies and 300mm wafers in the industry have resulted in significant
increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and will likely lead
to future increases.  Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor
memory also result from semiconductor memory fab capacity expansions, either by
way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization or reallocation of other
semiconductor production to semiconductor memory production.  We and
several of our competitors have significantly increased production in recent
periods through construction of new facilities or expansion of existing
facilities.  Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory, if
not accompanied with commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further
declines in average selling prices for our products and would materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Our
NAND Flash memory operations involve numerous risks.

As a result of severe oversupply in the
NAND Flash market, our average selling prices of NAND Flash products for 2008
decreased approximately 65% as compared to 2007 after decreasing 56% for 2007 as
compared to 2006.  As a result, we experienced negative gross margins
on sales of our NAND Flash products in 2008.  In October 2008, we
announced that our IM Flash joint venture with Intel Corporation will
discontinue production of 200mm wafer NAND flash memory at Micron’s Boise
facility.  The NAND Flash production shutdown will reduce IM Flash’s
NAND flash production by approximately 35,000 200mm wafers per
month.  In addition, we and Intel agreed to suspend tooling and the
ramp of production NAND Flash at IM Flash’s Singapore wafer fabrication
plant.  A continuation of the challenging conditions in the NAND Flash
market will materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

 Our joint ventures and strategic partnerships involve numerous risks.

We have entered into partnering
arrangements to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process
technologies and products.  These arrangements include our IM Flash
NAND flash joint ventures with Intel, our DRAM joint ventures with Nanya, our
TECH DRAM joint venture and our MP Mask joint venture with
Photronics.  These strategic partnerships and joint ventures are
subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our
investments and our results of operations.  These risks include the
following:

 ·  

 our interests could diverge from our partners in the future or we may not be able to agree with partners on the amount, timing or nature of further investments in our joint venture;

 ·  

 due to financial constraints, our partners may be unable to meet their commitments to us or our joint ventures and may pose credit risks for our transactions with them;

 ·  

 the terms of our arrangements may turn out to be unfavorable;

 ·  

 cash flows may be inadequate to fund increased capital requirements;

 ·  

 we may experience difficulties in transferring technology to joint ventures;

 ·  

 we may experience difficulties and delays in ramping production from joint ventures;
 and

 ·  

 political or economic instability may occur in the countries where our joint ventures and/or partners are
 located.

If our joint ventures and strategic partnerships are unsuccessful our business,
results of operations or financial
condition may be adversely affected.

Economic
conditions may harm our business.

Economic and business conditions,
including a continuing downturn in the semiconductor memory industry or the
overall economy could adversely affect our business.  Adverse
conditions may affect consumer demand for devices that incorporate our products
such as mobile phones, personal computers, Flash memory cards and USB
devices.  Reduced demand for our products could result in market
oversupply and significant decreases in our selling prices.  A
continuation of conditions in credit markets would limit our ability to obtain
external financing to fund our operations and capital
expenditures.  In addition, we may experience losses on our holdings
of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other
parties.  Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher
rate of losses on our accounts receivables due to credit defaults.  As
a result, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be
materially adversely affected.

 13

We
may incur additional restructure charges or not realize the expected benefits of
new initiatives to reduce costs across our operations.

On October 9, 2008 we announced a plan
to restructure our memory operations including IM Flash’s shutdown of 200mm
wafer NAND flash memory production at our Boise facility.  The NAND
Flash production shutdown will reduce IM Flash’s NAND flash production by
approximately 35,000 200mm wafers per month.  In addition, we and
Intel agreed to suspend tooling and the ramp of production at IM Flash’s
Singapore wafer fabrication plant.  As part of this restructuring, we
plan to reduce our global workforce by approximately 15 percent during 2009 and
2010.  Cash costs for restructuring and other related expenses
incurred in connection with this restructuring are anticipated to be
approximately $60 million, and the benefit to our cash operating results for
2009 is expected to exceed $175 million.  We may incur additional
restructure costs or not realize the expected benefits of these new
initiatives.  As a result of these initiatives, we expect to lose
production output, incur restructuring or other infrequent charges and we may
experience disruptions in our operations, loss of key personnel and difficulties
in delivering products timely.

Our
acquisition of a 35.6% interest in Inotera Memories, Inc. involves numerous
risks.

On October 12, 2008, we announced that
we had entered into an agreement to acquire Qimonda AG’s 35.6% ownership stake
in Inotera Memories, Inc., a Taiwanese DRAM memory manufacturer, for $400
million in cash.  We received commitments of $285 million of term
loans to fund this acquisition in part.  Inotera is expected to
implement the Company’s stack process technology.  We expect to
eventually gain access to approximately 60,000 300mm DRAM wafers per month, 50%
of Inotera’s output.  Our acquisition of an interest in Inotera
involves numerous risks including the following:

 ·  

 difficulties
 in converting Inotera production from Qimonda’s trench technology to our
 stack technology;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in obtaining financing for capital expenditures necessary to convert
 Inotera production to our stack
technology;

 ·  

 increasing
 debt to finance the acquisition;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 around the timing and amount of wafer supply
 received;

 ·  

 obligations
 during the technology transition period to procure product based on a
 competitor’s technology which may be difficult to sell and provide product
 support for due to our limited understanding of the
 technology;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 relating to Qimonda’s purchase of certain agreed quantities of products
 made using Qimonda’s trench technology during the technology transition
 period;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 relating to Qimonda’s financial stability prior to and after the final
 closing of the transaction; and

 ·  

 the
 inability to reach satisfactory joint venture
 agreements.

As a result of these risks, we may be
unable to complete the Inotera acquisition or achieve our objectives for the
acquisition, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

An
adverse result in our litigation matters could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

On January 13, 2006, Rambus, Inc.
(“Rambus”) filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California.  Rambus alleges that certain of our
DDR2, DDR3, RLDRAM, and RLDRAM II products infringe as many as eighteen Rambus
patents and seeks monetary damages, treble damages, and injunctive
relief.   The accused products account for a significant portion
of our net sales.  On June 2, 2006, we filed an answer and
counterclaim against Rambus alleging, among other things, antitrust and fraud
claims.  Trial on the patent phase of that case is currently scheduled
to begin January 19, 2009.

 14

On May 5, 2004, Rambus filed a lawsuit
in the Superior Court of the State of California (San Francisco County) against
us and other DRAM suppliers.  The complaint alleges various causes of
action under California state law including conspiracy to restrict output and
fix prices on Rambus DRAM ("RDRAM"), and unfair competition.  The
complaint seeks treble damages, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, and a
permanent injunction enjoining the defendants from the conduct alleged in the
complaint.  Trial is currently scheduled to begin in March
2009.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional
details on these cases and other Rambus matters pending in Europe and
Delaware.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
these lawsuits.  The adverse resolution of these lawsuits could result
in significant liability and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

An
adverse determination that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the
intellectual property rights of others could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

We are engaged in patent litigation
with Mosaid Technologies, Inc. ("Mosaid") in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California.  Mosaid alleges that certain of our
DRAM and CMOS image sensor products infringe up to twelve Mosaid patents and
seeks monetary damages, treble damages, and injunctive relief.  The
accused products account for a significant portion of our net
sales.  Trial is currently scheduled for June 5, 2009.  (See
“Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional details.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
assertions of infringement made against us.  A court determination
that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property
rights of others could result in significant liability and/or require us to make
material changes to our products and/or manufacturing processes.  Any
of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

We have a number of patent and
intellectual property license agreements.  Some of these license
agreements require us to make one time or periodic payments.  We may
need to obtain additional patent licenses or renew existing license agreements
in the future.  We are unable to predict whether these license
agreements can be obtained or renewed on acceptable terms.

Allegations
of anticompetitive conduct.

A number of purported class action
price-fixing lawsuits have been filed against us and other DRAM
suppliers.  Numerous cases have been filed in various state and
federal courts asserting claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals
and entities that indirectly purchased DRAM and/or products containing DRAM from
various DRAM suppliers during the time period from April 1, 1999 through at
least June 30, 2002.  The complaints allege violations of the various
jurisdictions’ antitrust, consumer protection and/or unfair competition laws
relating to the sale and pricing of DRAM products and seek treble monetary
damages, restitution, costs, interest and attorneys’ fees.  A number
of these cases have been removed to federal court and transferred to the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California (San Francisco) for
consolidated proceedings.  On January 29, 2008, the Northern District
of California Court granted in part and denied in part our motion to dismiss the
plaintiff’s second amended consolidated complaint.  The District Court
subsequently certified the decision for interlocutory appeal.  On
February 27, 2008, plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint.  On
June 26, 2008, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit accepted
plaintiffs’ interlocutory appeal.  (See “Item 3.  Legal
Proceedings” for additional details on these cases and related
matters.)

Various states, through their Attorneys
General, have filed suit against us and other DRAM manufacturers alleging
violations of state and federal competition laws.  The amended
complaint alleges, among other things, violations of the Sherman Act, Cartwright
Act, and certain other states’ consumer protection and antitrust laws and seeks
damages, and injunctive and other relief.  On October 3, 2008, the
California Attorney General filed a similar lawsuit in California Superior
Court, purportedly on behalf of local California government entities, alleging,
among other things, violations of the Cartwright Act and state unfair
competition law.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for
additional details on these cases and related matters.)

A number of purported class action
lawsuits have been filed against us and other SRAM suppliers asserting claims on
behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased SRAM
directly or indirectly from various SRAM suppliers.  The complaints
allege price fixing in violation of federal antitrust laws and state antitrust
and unfair competition laws and seek treble monetary damages, restitution,
costs, interest and attorneys' fees.  The first trial in these cases
is currently scheduled for September 2010.  (See “Item
3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional details on these cases and
related matters.)

 15

Three purported class action lawsuits
alleging price-fixing of Flash products have been filed in Canada asserting
violations of the Canadian Competition Act.  These cases assert claims
on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased Flash
memory directly and indirectly from various Flash memory
suppliers.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional
details on these cases and related matters.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
these lawsuits.  An adverse court determination in any of these
lawsuits alleging violations of antitrust laws could result in significant
liability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

Allegations
of violations of securities laws.

On February 24, 2006, a number of
purported class action complaints were filed against us and certain of our
officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho alleging claims
under Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  The cases purport to
be brought on behalf of a class of purchasers of our stock during the period
February 24, 2001 to February 13, 2003.  The five lawsuits have been
consolidated and a consolidated amended class action complaint was filed on July
24, 2006.  The complaint generally alleges violations of federal
securities laws based on, among other things, claimed misstatements or omissions
regarding alleged illegal price-fixing conduct.  The complaint seeks
unspecified damages, interest, attorneys' fees, costs, and
expenses.  On December 19, 2007, the Court issued an order certifying
the class but reducing the class period to purchasers of our stock during the
period from February 24, 2001 to September 18, 2002.  (See “Item
3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional details on these cases and
related matters.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
these cases.  An adverse court determination in any of the class
action lawsuits against us could result in significant liability and could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Covenants
in our debt instruments may obligate us to repay debt, increase contributions to
our TECH joint venture and limit our ability to obtain financing.

Our ability to comply with the
financial and other covenants contained in our debt may be affected by economic
or business conditions or other events.  As of August 28, 2008, the
Company had notes payable of $108 million, denominated in Japanese yen, that
were subject to covenants, including the ratio of debt to equity.  As
a result of financing that we are pursuing for our acquisition of a 35.6%
interest in Inotera, we may prepay all of this yen-denominated debt in the first
quarter of 2009 to avoid defaulting on these covenants.  In addition,
as of August 28, 2008, our 73% owned TECH Semiconductor Singapore Pte. Ltd.,
(“TECH”) subsidiary, had $600 million outstanding under a credit facility with
covenants that, among other requirements, establish certain liquidity, debt
service coverage and leverage ratios for TECH and restrict TECH’s ability to
incur indebtedness, create liens and acquire or dispose of assets.  If
TECH does not comply with these debt covenants and restrictions, this debt may
be deemed to be in default and the debt declared payable.  Additionally, if
TECH is unable to repay its borrowings when due, the lenders under TECH’s credit
facility could proceed against substantially all of TECH’s
assets.   We have guaranteed approximately 73% of the outstanding
amount of TECH’s credit facility, and our obligation increases to 100% of the
outstanding amount of the facility upon the occurrence of certain
conditions.  If TECH’s debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient
assets to repay amounts due.  Existing covenant restrictions may limit
our ability to obtain additional debt financing and to avoid covenant defaults
we may have to pay off debt obligations and make additional contributions to
TECH, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial
condition.

Products
that fail to meet specifications, are defective or that are otherwise
incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us.

Products that do not meet
specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain,
defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose
significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Because the design and production
process for semiconductor memory is highly complex, it is possible that we may
produce products that do not comply with customer specifications, contain
defects or are otherwise incompatible with end uses.  If, despite
design review, quality control and product qualification procedures, problems
with nonconforming, defective or incompatible products occur after we have
shipped such products, we could be adversely affected in several ways, including
the following:

 16

 ·  

 we
 may replace product or otherwise compensate customers for costs incurred
 or damages caused by defective or incompatible product,
 and

 ·  

 we
 may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of
 our products.

Our
debt level is higher than compared to historical periods.

We currently have a higher level of
debt compared to historical periods.  As of August 28, 2008, we had
$2.7 billion of debt, and we will incur an additional $285 million of debt in
connection with our acquisition of a 35.6% interest in Inotera. We may need to
incur additional debt in the future. Our debt level could have a negative impact
on us.  For example it could:

 ·  

 make
 it more difficult for us to make payments on our
 debt;

 ·  

 require
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations and
 other capital resources to debt
service;

 ·  

 limit
 our future ability to raise funds for capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 research and development and other general corporate
 requirements;

 ·  

 increase
 our vulnerability to adverse economic and semiconductor memory industry
 conditions;

 ·  

 expose
 us to fluctuations in interest rates with respect to that portion of our
 debt which is at variable rate of interest;
and

 ·  

 require
 us to make additional investments in joint ventures to maintain compliance
 with financial covenants.

New product
development may be unsuccessful.

We are developing new products that
complement our traditional memory products or leverage their underlying design
or process technology.  We have made significant investments in
product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources
for new semiconductor product development over the next several
years.  The process to develop NAND Flash, Imaging and certain
specialty memory products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and
performance, many times well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in
order to secure design wins with our customers.  There can be no
assurance that our product development efforts will be successful, that we will
be able to cost-effectively manufacture these new products, that we will be able
to successfully market these products or that margins generated from sales of
these products will recover costs of development efforts.

The
future success of our Imaging business will be dependent on continued market
acceptance of our products and the development, introduction and marketing of
new Imaging products.

We face competition in the image sensor
market from a number of suppliers of CMOS image sensors including OmniVision
Technologies, Inc.; Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd; Sony Corporation;
STMicroelectronics NV; Toshiba Corporation and from a number of suppliers of CCD
image sensors including Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Sharp
Corporation and Sony Corporation.  In recent periods, a number of new
companies have entered the CMOS image sensor market.  Competitors
include many large domestic and international companies that have greater
presence in key markets, better access to certain customer bases, greater name
recognition and more established strategic and financial relationships than the
Company.

In recent years, our Imaging net sales
and gross margins decreased and we faced increased competition.  There
can be no assurance that we will be able to grow or maintain our market share or
gross margins for Imaging products in the future.  The success of our
Imaging business will depend on a number of factors, including:

 ·  

 development
 of products that maintain a technological advantage over the products of
 our competitors;

 ·  

 accurate
 prediction of market requirements and evolving standards, including pixel
 resolution, output interface standards, power requirements, optical lens
 size, input standards and other
requirements;

 17

 ·  

 timely
 completion and introduction of new Imaging products that satisfy customer
 requirements;

 ·  

 timely
 achievement of design wins with prospective customers, as manufacturers
 may be reluctant to change their source of components due to the
 significant costs, time, effort and risk associated with qualifying a new
 supplier; and

 ·  

 efficient,
 cost-effective manufacturing as we transition to new products and higher
 volumes.

Our
efforts to restructure our Imaging business may be unsuccessful.

We are exploring partnering
arrangements with outside parties regarding the separation of our Aptina Imaging
business to an independent entity in which we would retain a significant
minority ownership interest.  To that end, we began operating our
Imaging business as a separate, wholly-owned, subsidiary in October
2008.  To the extent we form a partnering arrangement, the resulting
business model may not be successful and the Imaging operations revenues and
margins could be adversely affected.  We may incur significant costs
to convert Imaging operations to a new business structure and operations could
be disrupted.  In addition, we may lose key personnel.  If
our efforts to restructure the Imaging business are unsuccessful, our business,
results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.

We
expect to make future acquisitions and alliances, which involve numerous
risks.

Acquisitions and the formation of
alliances such as joint ventures and other partnering arrangements, involve
numerous risks including the following:

 ·  

 difficulties
 in integrating the operations, technologies and products of acquired or
 newly formed entities;

 ·  

 increasing
 capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain
 facilities;

 ·  

 increasing
 debt to finance any acquisition or formation of a new
 business;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in protecting our intellectual property as we enter into a greater number
 of licensing arrangements;

 ·  

 diverting
 management’s attention from normal daily
 operations;

 ·  

 managing
 larger or more complex operations and facilities and employees in separate
 geographic areas; and

 ·  

 hiring
 and retaining key employees.

Acquisitions of, or alliances with,
high-technology companies are inherently risky, and any future transactions may
not be successful and may materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

Our
net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be limited.

We have significant net operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards.  We have provided significant valuation
allowances against the tax benefit of such losses as well as certain tax credit
carryforwards.  Utilization of these net operating losses and credit
carryforwards is dependent upon us achieving sustained
profitability.  As a consequence of prior business acquisitions,
utilization of the tax benefits for some of the tax carryforwards is subject to
limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and some portion
or all of these carryforwards may not be available to offset any future taxable
income.  The determination of the limitations is complex and requires
significant judgment and analysis of past transactions.

 18

Changes
in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars.  Across
our multi-national operations, there are transactions and balances denominated
in other currencies, primarily the euro, yen and Singapore dollar.  We
recorded a net loss of $25 million from changes in currency exchange rates for
2008.  We estimate that, based on its assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar as of August 28, 2008, a 1%
change in the exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar would result in foreign
currency gains or losses of approximately U.S. $1 million for the euro and
yen.  In the event that the U.S. dollar weakens significantly compared
to the euro, yen or Singapore dollar, our results of operations or financial
condition will be adversely affected.

We
face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Sales to customers outside the United
States approximated 75% of our consolidated net sales for 2008.  In
addition, we have manufacturing operations in China, Italy, Japan, Puerto Rico
and Singapore.  Our international sales and operations are subject to
a variety of risks, including:

 ·  

 currency
 exchange rate fluctuations;

 ·  

 export
 and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and
 restrictions on the transfer of
funds;

 ·  

 political
 and economic instability;

 ·  

 problems
 with the transportation or delivery of our
 products;

 ·  

 issues
 arising from cultural or language differences and labor
 unrest;

 ·  

 longer
 payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable;
 and

 ·  

 compliance
 with trade and other laws in a variety of
 jurisdictions.

These factors may materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

If
our manufacturing process is disrupted, our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We manufacture products using highly
complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous
modification to improve yields and performance.  Difficulties in the
manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce
yields or disrupt production and may increase our per gigabit manufacturing
costs.  Additionally, our control over operations at our IM Flash,
TECH, Inotera, MeiYa and MP Mask joint ventures may be limited by our agreements
with our partners.  From time to time, we have experienced minor
disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result of power outages,
improperly functioning equipment and equipment failures.  If
production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing
yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers'
requirements and they may purchase products from other
suppliers.  This could result in a significant increase in
manufacturing costs or loss of revenues or damage to customer relationships,
which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or
financial condition.

Disruptions
in our supply of raw materials could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Our operations require raw materials
that meet exacting standards.  We generally have multiple sources of
supply for our raw materials.  However, only a limited number of
suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials that meet our
standards.  Various factors could reduce the availability of raw
materials such as silicon wafers, photomasks, chemicals, gases, lead frames and
molding compound.

 19

Shortages may occur from time to time
in the future.  In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could
delay our receipt of raw materials.  Lead times for the supply of raw
materials have been extended in the past.  If our supply of raw
materials is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business, results of
operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.