In
 addition to the factors discussed
 elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important factors which could
 cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained
 in any
 forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

We
 have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our
 semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our
 business.

In
 2007, average selling prices for
 DRAM products and NAND Flash products decreased 23% and 56%, respectively,
 as
 compared to 2006.  In recent years, we have also experienced annual
 decreases in per megabit average selling prices for our memory products
 including: 34% in 2006, 24% in 2005, 17% in 2003, 53% in 2002 and 60% in
 2001.  At times, average selling prices for our memory products have
 been below our costs.  If average selling prices for our memory
 products decrease faster than we can decrease per megabit costs, as they
 recently have, our business, results of operations or financial condition
 could
 be materially adversely affected.

The
 semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive.

We
 face intense competition in the
 semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including Elpida
 Memory,
 Inc.; Hynix Semiconductor Inc.; Qimonda AG ADS; Samsung Electronics Co.,
 Ltd.;
 SanDisk Corporation; Toshiba Corporation and from emerging companies in Taiwan
 and China, who have significantly expanded the scale of their
 operations.  Some of our competitors are large corporations or
 conglomerates that may have greater resources to withstand downturns in the
 semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology and capitalize
 on growth opportunities.

Our
 competitors seek to increase
 silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size and minimize mask levels
 in
 their product designs.  The transitions to smaller line-width process
 technologies and 300mm wafers in the industry have resulted in significant
 increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and will likely
 lead
 to future increases.  Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor
 memory also result from semiconductor memory fab capacity expansions, either
 by
 way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization or reallocation of
 other
 semiconductor production to semiconductor memory production.  We and
 several of our competitors have significantly increased production in recent
 periods through construction of new facilities or expansion of existing
 facilities.  Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory, if
 not accompanied with commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further
 declines in average selling prices for our products and would materially
 adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
 condition.

We
 may be unable to reduce our per megabit manufacturing costs at the same rate
 as
 we have in the past.

Our
 gross margins are dependent upon
 continuing decreases in per unit manufacturing costs achieved through
 improvements in our manufacturing processes, including reducing the die size
 of
 our existing products.  In future periods, we may be unable to reduce
 our per unit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to increase gross margins
 due to strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix,
 the
 increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, changes in process
 technologies or products which inherently may require relatively larger die
 sizes.  Per unit manufacturing costs may also be affected by the
 relatively smaller production quantities and shorter product lifecycles of
 Imaging and certain specialty memory products.

Depressed
 pricing for semiconductor memory products may lead to future losses and
 inventory write-downs.

We
 recorded an inventory write-down of
 $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 as a result of the significant
 decreases in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory
 products.  If average selling prices are below our costs in future
 periods, we expect to incur losses on product sales and our business, results
 of
 operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
 affected.  If the estimated market values of products held in finished
 goods and work in process inventories at a quarter end date are below the
 manufacturing cost of these products, we recognize charges to cost of goods
 sold
 to write down the carrying value of our inventories to market
 value.  Future charges for inventory write-downs could be
 significantly larger than the $20 million recorded in 2007.

 11

Our
 plans to significantly increase our NAND Flash memory production and sales
 have
 numerous risks.

We
 plan to significantly increase our
 NAND Flash production and sales in future periods.  As part of this
 plan, we have formed several manufacturing joint ventures with Intel and
 made
 substantial investments in capital expenditures for equipment, new facilities
 and research and development.  Our plans also require significant
 investments in capital expenditures and research and development.  We
 currently expect our capital spending for 2008 to approximate $2.5 billion,
 with
 a majority of the expenditures being made to support our NAND
 operations.  These investments involve numerous risks.  In
 addition, we are required to devote a significant portion of our existing
 semiconductor manufacturing capacity to the production of NAND Flash instead
 of
 the Company's other products.  We are party to a contract with Apple
 Inc. to provide NAND Flash products for an extended period of time at
 contractually determined prices.  We currently have a relatively small
 share of the world-wide market for NAND Flash.

Our
 NAND Flash strategy involves
 numerous risks, and may include the following:

 ·  

 increasing
 our exposure to changes in average selling prices for NAND
 Flash;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in establishing new production operations at multiple
 locations;

 ·  

 increasing
 capital expenditures to increase production capacity and modify
 existing
 processes to produce NAND Flash;

 ·  

 raising
 funds or increasing debt to finance future
 investments;

 ·  

 diverting
 management’s attention from DRAM and CMOS image sensor
 operations;

 ·  

 managing
 larger operations and facilities and employees in separate geographic
 areas; and

 ·  

 hiring
 and retaining key employees.

Our
 NAND Flash strategy may not be
 successful and could materially adversely affect our business, results of
 operations or financial condition.

The
 future success of our Imaging business will be dependent on continued market
 acceptance of our products and the development, introduction and marketing
 of
 new Imaging products.

We
 face competition in the image sensor
 market from a number of suppliers of CMOS image sensors including MagnaChip
 Semiconductor Ltd.; OmniVision Technologies, Inc.; Samsung Electronics Co.,
 Ltd;
 Sony Corporation; STMicroelectronics NV; Toshiba Corporation and from a number
 of suppliers of CCD image sensors including Matsushita Electric Industrial
 Co.,
 Ltd.; Sharp Corporation and Sony Corporation.  In recent periods, a
 number of new companies have entered the CMOS image sensor
 market.  Competitors include many large domestic and international
 companies that have greater presence in key markets, better access to certain
 customer bases, greater name recognition and more established strategic and
 financial relationships than the Company.

Our
 Imaging net sales and gross margins
 decreased in 2007 and we faced increased competition.  There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to grow or maintain our market share or gross
 margins for Imaging products in the future.  The success of our
 Imaging business will depend on a number of factors, including:

 ·  

 development
 of products that maintain a technological advantage over the products
 of
 our competitors;

 ·  

 accurate
 prediction of market requirements and evolving standards, including
 pixel
 resolution, output interface standards, power requirements, optical
 lens
 size, input standards and other
 requirements;

 ·  

 timely
 completion and introduction of new Imaging products that satisfy
 customer
 requirements;

 ·  

 timely
 achievement of design wins with prospective customers, as manufacturers
 may be reluctant to change their source of components due to the
 significant costs, time, effort and risk associated with qualifying
 a new
 supplier; and

 12

 ·  

 efficient,
 cost-effective manufacturing as we transition to new products and
 higher
 volumes.

The
 Company is exploring business model
 alternatives for its Imaging business including partnering
 arrangements.  To the extent we form a partnering arrangement; the
 resulting business model may not be successful and the Imaging operations
 revenues and margins could be adversely affected.  We may incur
 significant costs to convert Imaging operations to a new business structure
 and
 operations could be disrupted.  If our efforts to restructure the
 Imaging business are unsuccessful, our business, results of operations or
 financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We
 may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to fund our operations and
 make
 adequate capital investments.

Our
 cash flows from operations depend
 primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and CMOS image sensors sold,
 average selling prices and per unit manufacturing costs.  To develop
 new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating
 efficiencies and maintain product quality, we must make significant capital
 investments in manufacturing technology, facilities and capital equipment,
 research and development, and product and process technology.  We
 expect capital spending for 2008 to approximate $2.5 billion.  Cash
 and investments of IM Flash and TECH are generally not available to finance
 our
 other operations.  In addition to cash provided by operations, we have
 from time to time utilized external sources of financing.  Access to
 capital markets has historically been very important to us.  Depending
 on market conditions, we may issue registered or unregistered securities
 to
 raise capital to fund a portion of our operations.  There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows to fund
 our
 operations, make adequate capital investments or access capital markets on
 acceptable terms, and an inability to do so could have a material adverse
 effect
 on our business and results of operations.

We
 expect to make future acquisitions and alliances, which involve numerous
 risks.

Acquisitions
 and the formation of
 alliances such as joint ventures and other partnering arrangements, involve
 numerous risks including the following:

 ·  

 difficulties
 in integrating the operations, technologies and products of acquired
 or
 newly formed entities,

 ·  

 increasing
 capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain
 facilities,

 ·  

 increasing
 debt to finance any acquisition or formation of a new
 business,

 ·  

 diverting
 management’s attention from normal daily
 operations,

 ·  

 managing
 larger or more complex operations and facilities and employees
 in separate
 geographic areas, and

 ·  

 hiring
 and retaining key employees.

Acquisitions
 of, or alliances with,
 high-technology companies are inherently risky, and any future transactions
 may
 not be successful and may materially adversely affect our business, results
 of
 operations or financial condition.

We
 may not realize the expected benefits of new initiatives to reduce costs
 and
 increase revenue across our operations.

We
 are pursuing a number of initiatives
 to reduce costs and increase revenue across our operations. These initiatives
 include workforce reductions in certain areas as we realign our
 business.  Additional initiatives include establishing certain
 operations closer in location to our global customers, evaluating functions
 more
 efficiently performed through partnerships or other outside relationships
 and
 reducing our overhead costs to meet or exceed industry benchmarks.  We
 are also exploring opportunities to leverage our technology and diversified
 product portfolio to increase revenue and shareholder value.  In the
 fourth quarter of 2007, we incurred a restructure charge of $19 million
 consisting primarily of employee severance and related costs resulting from
 a
 reduction in our workforce.  We anticipate that we will incur some
 level of restructure charges through the end of 2008 as we continue to implement
 these initiatives.  We may not realize the expected benefits of these
 new initiatives.  As a result of these initiatives, we expect to incur
 restructuring or other infrequent charges and we may experience disruptions
 in
 our operations, loss of key personnel and difficulties in delivering products
 timely.

 13

Our
 net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be
 limited.

We
 have significant net operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards.  We have provided significant valuation
 allowances against the tax benefit of such losses as well as certain tax
 credit
 carryforwards.  Utilization of these net operating losses and credit
 carryforwards is dependent upon us achieving sustained
 profitability.  As a consequence of prior business acquisitions,
 utilization of the tax benefits for some of the tax carryforwards is subject
 to
 limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and some
 portion
 or all of these carryforwards may not be available to offset any future taxable
 income.  The determination of the limitations is complex and requires
 significant judgment and analysis of past transactions.

Changes
 in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our
 business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our
 financial statements are prepared
 in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars.  Across
 our multi-national operations, there are transactions and balances denominated
 in other currencies, primarily the euro, yen and Singapore dollar.  We
 estimate that, based on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
 other than U.S. dollar as of August 30, 2007, a 1% change in the exchange
 rate
 versus the U.S. dollar would result in foreign currency gains or losses of
 approximately U.S. $3 million for the Singapore dollar, U.S. $2 million for
 the
 euro and U.S. $1 million for the yen.  In the event that the U.S.
 dollar weakens significantly compared to the Singapore dollar, euro or yen,
 our
 results of operations or financial condition will be adversely
 affected.

New
 product development may be unsuccessful.

We
 are developing new products that
 complement our traditional memory products or leverage their underlying design
 or process technology.  We have made significant investments in
 product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources
 for new semiconductor product development over the next several
 years.  The process to develop NAND Flash, Imaging and certain
 specialty memory products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality
 and
 performance, many times well in advance of a planned ramp of production,
 in
 order to secure design wins with our customers.  There can be no
 assurance that our product development efforts will be successful, that we
 will
 be able to cost-effectively manufacture these new products, that we will
 be able
 to successfully market these products or that margins generated from sales
 of
 these products will recover costs of development efforts.

An
 adverse determination that our products or manufacturing processes infringe
 the
 intellectual property rights of others could materially adversely affect
 our
 business, results of operations or financial condition.

As
 is typical in the semiconductor and
 other high technology industries, from time to time, others have asserted,
 and
 may in the future assert, that our products or manufacturing processes infringe
 their intellectual property rights.  In this regard, we are engaged in
 litigation with Rambus, Inc. ("Rambus") relating to certain of Rambus' patents
 and certain of our claims and defenses.  On August 28, 2000, we filed
 a complaint (subsequently amended) against Rambus in the U.S. District Court
 for
 the District of Delaware seeking monetary damages and declaratory and injunctive
 relief.  Among other things, our amended complaint alleges violation
 of federal antitrust laws, breach of contract, fraud, deceptive trade practices,
 and negligent misrepresentation.  The complaint also seeks a
 declaratory judgment (a) that certain Rambus patents are not infringed by
 us,
 are invalid, and/or are unenforceable, (b) that we have an implied license
 to
 those patents, and (c) that Rambus is estopped from enforcing those patents
 against us.  On February 15, 2001, Rambus filed an answer and
 counterclaim in Delaware denying that we are entitled to relief, alleging
 infringement of the eight Rambus patents named in our declaratory judgment
 claim, and seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief.  A number
 of other suits are pending in Europe alleging that certain of our SDRAM and
 DDR
 SDRAM products infringe various of Rambus' country counterparts to its European
 patent 525 068, including: on September 1, 2000, Rambus filed suit against
 Micron Semiconductor (Deutschland) GmbH in the District Court of Mannheim,
 Germany; on September 22, 2000, Rambus filed a complaint against us and
 Reptronic (a distributor of our products) in the Court of First Instance
 of
 Paris, France; and on September 29, 2000, we filed suit against Rambus in
 the
 Civil Court of Milan, Italy, alleging invalidity and
 non-infringement.  In addition, on December 29, 2000, we filed suit
 against Rambus in the Civil Court of Avezzano, Italy, alleging invalidity
 and
 non-infringement of the Italian counterpart to European patent 1 004
 956.  Additionally, other suits are pending alleging that certain of
 our DDR SDRAM products infringe Rambus' country counterparts to its European
 patent 1 022 642, including: on August 10, 2001, Rambus filed suit against
 us
 and Assitec (an electronics retailer) in the Civil Court of Pavia, Italy;
 and on
 August 14, 2001, Rambus filed suit against Micron Semiconductor (Deutschland)
 GmbH in the District Court of Mannheim, Germany.  In the European
 suits against us, Rambus is seeking monetary damages and injunctive
 relief.  Subsequent to the filing of the various European suits, the
 European Patent Office declared Rambus' 525 068 and 1 004 956 European patents
 invalid and revoked the patents.  On January 13, 2006, Rambus filed a
 lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
 California alleging infringement of eighteen Rambus patents.  We are
 also engaged in litigation with Mosaid Technologies, Inc.
 ("Mosaid").  On July 24, 2006, we 

 14

filed
 a
 declaratory judgment action against Mosaid in the U.S. District Court for
 the
 Northern District of California seeking, among other things, a court
 determination that fourteen Mosaid patents are invalid, not enforceable,
 and/or
 not infringed.  On July 25, 2006, Mosaid filed a lawsuit against us
 and others in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging
 infringement of nine Mosaid patents.  On August 31, 2006, Mosaid filed
 an amended complaint adding two additional Mosaid patents.  On October
 23, 2006, the California Court dismissed our declaratory judgment suit based
 on
 lack of jurisdiction.  We have appealed that decision to the U.S.
 Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.

Among
 other things, the above lawsuits
 pertain to certain of our SDRAM, DDR SDRAM, DDR2 SDRAM, RLDRAM, and image
 sensor
 products, which account for a significant portion of our net sales.

A
 court determination that our products
 or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others
 could result in significant liability and/or require us to make material
 changes
 to our products and/or manufacturing processes.  We are unable to
 predict the outcome of assertions of infringement made against
 us.  Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations or financial condition.

We
 have a number of patent and
 intellectual property license agreements.  Some of these license
 agreements require us to make one time or periodic payments.  We may
 need to obtain additional patent licenses or renew existing license agreements
 in the future.  We are unable to predict whether these license
 agreements can be obtained or renewed on acceptable terms.

Allegations
 of anticompetitive conduct.

On
 June 17, 2002, we received a grand
 jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
 California seeking information regarding an investigation by the Antitrust
 Division of the Department of Justice (the "DOJ") into possible antitrust
 violations in the "Dynamic Random Access Memory" or "DRAM"
 industry.  We are cooperating fully and actively with the DOJ in its
 investigation of the DRAM industry.  Our cooperation is pursuant to
 the terms of the DOJ's Corporate Leniency Policy, which provides that in
 exchange for our full, continuing and complete cooperation in the pending
 investigation, we will not be subject to prosecution, fines or other penalties
 from the DOJ.

Subsequent
 to the commencement of the
 DOJ investigation, a number of purported class action lawsuits have been
 filed
 against us and other DRAM suppliers.  Four cases have been filed in
 the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California asserting
 claims
 on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that indirectly
 purchased DRAM and/or products containing DRAM from various DRAM suppliers
 during the time period from April 1, 1999 through at least June 30,
 2002.  The complaints allege price fixing in violation of federal
 antitrust laws and various state antitrust and unfair competition laws and
 seek
 treble monetary damages, restitution, costs, interest and attorneys'
 fees.  In addition, at least sixty-four cases have been filed in
 various state and federal courts (five of which have been dismissed) asserting
 claims on behalf of a purported class of indirect purchasers of
 DRAM.  Cases have been filed in the following states: Arkansas,
 Arizona, California, Florida, Hawaii, Iowa, Kansas, Massachusetts, Maine,
 Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota,
 Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Nevada, New York, Ohio,
 Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Wisconsin,
 and
 West Virginia, and also in the District of Columbia and Puerto
 Rico.  The complaints purport to be on behalf of individuals and
 entities that indirectly purchased DRAM and/or products containing DRAM in
 the
 respective jurisdictions during various time periods ranging from April 1999
 through at least June 2002.  The complaints allege violations of
 various jurisdictions' antitrust, consumer protection and/or unfair competition
 laws relating to the sale and pricing of DRAM products and seek treble monetary
 damages, restitution, costs, interest and attorneys' fees.  A number
 of these cases have been removed to federal court and transferred to the
 U.S.
 District Court for the Northern District of California (San Francisco) for
 consolidated proceedings.  On June 1, 2007, the Court granted in part
 and denied in part our motion to dismiss the consolidated
 complaint.  Plaintiffs subsequently have filed an amended
 complaint.

Additionally,
 three cases have been
 filed in the following Canadian courts: Superior Court, District of Montreal,
 Province of Quebec; Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Ontario; and Supreme
 Court of British Columbia, Vancouver Registry, British Columbia.  The
 substantive allegations in these cases are similar to those asserted in the
 cases filed in the United States.

 15

In
 addition, various states, through
 their Attorneys General, have filed suit against us and other DRAM
 manufacturers.  On July 14, 2006, and on September 8, 2006 in an
 amended complaint, the following states filed suit in the U.S. District Court
 for the Northern District of California: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California,
 Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
 Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska,
 Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma,
 Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah,
 Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and the Commonwealth
 of
 the Northern Mariana Islands.  The amended complaint alleges, among
 other things, violations of the Sherman Act, Cartwright Act, and certain
 other
 states' consumer protection and antitrust laws and seeks damages, and injunctive
 and other relief.  Additionally, on July 13, 2006, the State of New
 York filed a similar suit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
 of New York.  That case was subsequently transferred to the U.S.
 District Court for the Northern District of California for pre-trial
 purposes.  Three states, Ohio, New Hampshire, and Texas, subsequently
 have withdrawn from the complaint.

In
 February and March 2007, All
 American Semiconductor, Inc., Jaco Electronics, Inc., and the DRAM Claims
 Liquidation Trust each filed suit against the Company and other DRAM suppliers
 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California after
 opting-out of a direct purchaser class action suit that was
 settled.  The complaints allege, among other things, violations of
 federal and state antitrust and competition laws in the DRAM industry, and
 seek
 damages, injunctive relief, and other remedies.

On
 October 11, 2006, we received a
 grand jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
 of
 California seeking information regarding an investigation by the DOJ into
 possible antitrust violations in the "Static Random Access Memory" or "SRAM"
 industry.  We believe that we are not a target of the investigation
 and we are cooperating with the DOJ in its investigation of the SRAM
 industry.

Subsequent
 to the issuance of subpoenas
 to the SRAM industry, a number of purported class action lawsuits have been
 filed against us and other SRAM suppliers.  Six cases have been filed
 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California asserting
 claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased
 SRAM directly from various SRAM suppliers during the period from January
 1, 1998
 through December 31, 2005.  Additionally, at least seventy-four cases
 have been filed in various U.S. District Courts asserting claims on behalf
 of a
 purported class of individuals and entities that indirectly purchased SRAM
 and/or products containing SRAM from various SRAM suppliers during the time
 period from January 1, 1998 through December 31, 2005.  The complaints
 allege price fixing in violation of federal antitrust laws and state antitrust
 and unfair competition laws and seek treble monetary damages, restitution,
 costs, interest and attorneys' fees.

In
 September 2007, a number of memory
 suppliers confirmed that they had received grand jury subpoenas from the
 U.S.
 District Court for the Northern District of California seeking information
 regarding an investigation by the DOJ into possible antitrust violations
 in the
 "Flash" industry.  We have not received a subpoena and believe that we
 are not a target of the investigation.

At
 least thirty-four purported class
 action lawsuits have been filed against the Company and other suppliers of
 Flash
 memory products in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
 California and other federal district courts.  These cases assert
 claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased
 Flash memory directly or indirectly from various Flash memory suppliers during
 the period from January 1, 1999 through the date the various cases were
 filed.  The complaints generally allege price fixing in violation of
 federal antitrust laws and various state antitrust and unfair competition
 laws
 and seek monetary damages, restitution, costs, interest, and attorneys'
 fees.

On
 May 5, 2004, Rambus filed a
 complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California (San Francisco
 County) against us and other DRAM suppliers.  The complaint alleges
 various causes of action under California state law including conspiracy
 to
 restrict output and fix prices on Rambus DRAM ("RDRAM"), and unfair
 competition.  The complaint seeks treble damages, punitive damages,
 attorneys' fees, costs, and a permanent injunction enjoining the defendants
 from
 the conduct alleged in the complaints.

We
 are unable to predict the outcome of
 these lawsuits and investigations.  The final resolution of these
 alleged violations of antitrust laws could result in significant liability
 and
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 or
 financial condition.

 16

Allegations
 of violations of securities laws.

On
 February 24, 2006, a putative class
 action complaint was filed against us and certain of our officers in the
 U.S.
 District Court for the District of Idaho alleging claims under Section 10(b)
 and
 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5
 promulgated thereunder.  Four substantially similar complaints
 subsequently were filed in the same Court.  The cases purport to be
 brought on behalf of a class of purchasers of our stock during the period
 February 24, 2001 to February 13, 2003.  The five lawsuits have been
 consolidated and a consolidated amended class action complaint was filed
 on July
 24, 2006.  The complaint generally alleges violations of federal
 securities laws based on, among other things, claimed misstatements or omissions
 regarding alleged illegal price-fixing conduct.  The complaint seeks
 unspecified damages, interest, attorneys' fees, costs, and
 expenses.

In
 addition, on March 23, 2006 a
 shareholder derivative action was filed in the Fourth District Court for
 the
 State of Idaho (Ada County), allegedly on behalf of and for our benefit,
 against
 certain of our current and former officers and directors.  We were
 also named as a nominal defendant.  An amended complaint was filed on
 August 23, 2006.  The complaint is based on the same allegations of
 fact as in the securities class actions filed in the U.S. District Court
 for the
 District of Idaho and alleges breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control,
 gross
 mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, unjust enrichment, and insider
 trading.  The complaint seeks unspecified damages, restitution,
 disgorgement of profits, equitable and injunctive relief, attorneys' fees,
 costs, and expenses.  The complaint is derivative in nature and does
 not seek monetary damages from us.  However, we may be required,
 throughout the pendency of the action, to advance payment of legal fees and
 costs incurred by the defendants.  On May 29, 2007, the Court granted
 our motion to dismiss the complaint but provided plaintiffs leave to file
 an
 amended complaint.  On September 6, 2007, plaintiffs filed an amended
 complaint.

In
 March 2006, following our
 announcement of a definitive agreement to acquire Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar")
 in
 a stock-for-stock merger, four purported class action complaints were filed
 in
 the Superior Court for the State of California (Alameda County) on behalf
 of
 shareholders of Lexar against Lexar and its directors.  Two of the
 complaints also name us as a defendant.  The complaints allege that
 the defendants breached, or aided and abetted the breach of, fiduciary duties
 owed to Lexar shareholders by, among other things, engaging in self-dealing,
 failing to engage in efforts to obtain the highest price reasonably available,
 and failing to properly value Lexar in connection with a merger transaction
 between Lexar and us.  The plaintiffs seek, among other things,
 injunctive relief preventing, or an order of rescission reversing, the merger,
 compensatory damages, interest, attorneys' fees, and costs.  On May
 19, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary injunction seeking
 to
 block the merger.  On May 31, 2006, the Court denied the
 motion.  An amended consolidated complaint was filed on October 10,
 2006.  On June 14, 2007, the Court granted Lexar's and our motions to
 dismiss the amended complaint but allowed plaintiffs leave to file a further
 amended complaint.  On July 16, 2007, plaintiffs filed an amended
 complaint.

We
 are unable to predict the outcome of
 these cases.  A court determination in any of the class actions
 against us could result in significant liability and could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
 condition.

We
 face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could
 materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
 condition.

Sales
 to customers outside the United
 States approximated 70% of our consolidated net sales for 2007.  In
 addition, we have manufacturing operations in China, Italy, Japan, Puerto
 Rico
 and Singapore.  Our international sales and operations are subject to
 a variety of risks, including:

 ·  

 currency
 exchange rate fluctuations,

 ·  

 export
 and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and
 restrictions on the transfer of
 funds,

 ·  

 political
 and economic instability,

 ·  

 problems
 with the transportation or delivery of our
 products,

 ·  

 issues
 arising from cultural or language differences and labor
 unrest,

 ·  

 longer
 payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable,
 and

 ·  

 compliance
 with trade and other laws in a variety of
 jurisdictions.

 17

These
 factors may materially adversely
 affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

If
 our manufacturing process is disrupted, our business, results of operations
 or
 financial condition could be materially adversely
 affected.

We
 manufacture products using highly
 complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous
 modification to improve yields and performance.  Difficulties in the
 manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce
 yields or disrupt production and may increase our per megabit manufacturing
 costs.  Additionally, our control over operations at our IM Flash,
 TECH and MP Mask joint ventures may be limited by our agreements with our
 partners.  From time to time, we have experienced minor disruptions in
 our manufacturing process as a result of power outages or equipment
 failures.  If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for
 any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable
 to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other
 suppliers.  This could result in a significant increase in
 manufacturing costs or loss of revenues or damage to customer relationships,
 which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
 or
 financial condition.

Disruptions
 in our supply of raw materials could materially adversely affect our business,
 results of operations or financial condition.

Our
 operations require raw materials
 that meet exacting standards.  We generally have multiple sources of
 supply for our raw materials.  However, only a limited number of
 suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials that meet our
 standards.  Various factors could reduce the availability of raw
 materials such as silicon wafers, photomasks, chemicals, gases, lead frames
 and
 molding compound.

Shortages
 may occur from time to time
 in the future.  In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could
 delay our receipt of raw materials.  Lead times for the supply of raw
 materials have been extended in the past.  If our supply of raw
 materials is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business, results
 of
 operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
 affected.

Disruptions
 in our supply of raw materials could materially adversely affect our business,
 results of operations or financial condition.

Products
 that do not meet
 specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain,
 defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose
 significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business,
 results of operations or financial condition.

Because
 the design and production
 process for semiconductor memory is highly complex, it is possible that we
 may
 produce products that do not comply with customer specifications, contain
 defects or are otherwise incompatible with end uses.  If, despite
 design review, quality control and product qualification procedures, problems
 with nonconforming, defective or incompatible products occur after we have
 shipped such products, we could be adversely affected in several ways, including
 the following:

 ·  

 we
 may replace product or otherwise compensate customers for costs
 incurred
 or damages caused by defective or incompatible product,
 and

 ·  

 we
 may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in
 sales of
 our products.

Economic
 and political conditions may harm our business.

Global
 economic conditions and the
 effects of military or terrorist actions may cause significant disruptions
 to
 worldwide commerce.  If these disruptions result in delays or
 cancellations of customer orders, a decrease in corporate spending on
 information technology or our inability to effectively market, manufacture
 or
 ship our products.  Global economic conditions may also affect
 consumer demand for devices that incorporate our products such as mobile
 phones,
 personal computers, Flash memory cards and USB devices.  As a result,
 our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected.