In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, the following are important factors which could cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward- looking
statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

We
have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our
semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our business.

Per megabit average
selling prices for our semiconductor memory products decreased 34% in 2006 as
compared to 2005.  In recent years, we
have also experienced annual decreases in per megabit average selling prices for
our memory products including:  24% in
2005, 17% in 2003, 53% in 2002 and 60% in 2001. 
At times, average selling prices for our memory products have been below
our costs.  If average selling prices for
our memory products decrease faster than we can decrease per megabit costs, our
business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially
adversely affected.

Increased
worldwide semiconductor memory production or lack of demand for semiconductor
memory could lead to further declines in average selling prices.

The transitions to
smaller line-width process technologies and 300mm wafers in the industry have
resulted in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor
memory and will likely lead to future increases.  Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor
memory also result from semiconductor memory fab capacity expansions, either by
way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization or reallocation of other
semiconductor production to semiconductor memory production.  We and several of our competitors have
announced plans to increase production through construction of new facilities
or expansion of existing facilities. 
Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory, if not
accompanied with commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further
declines in average selling prices for our products and would materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

We
may be unable to reduce our per megabit manufacturing costs at the same rate as
we have in the past.

Historically, our
gross margin has benefited from decreases in per unit manufacturing costs
achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes, including
reducing the die size of our existing products. 
In future periods, we may be unable to reduce our per unit manufacturing
costs or reduce these costs at historical rates due to strategic product
diversification decisions affecting product mix, the ever increasing complexity
of manufacturing processes, changes in process technologies or products which
inherently may require relatively larger die sizes.  Per unit manufacturing costs may also be
affected by the relatively smaller production quantities and shorter product
lifecycles of Imaging and certain specialty memory products.

Our
formation of IMFT and the resulting plans to significantly increase our NAND
Flash memory production has numerous risks.

On January 6, 2006, we
initiated operations of the IMFT joint venture with Intel and as a result we
plan to significantly increase our NAND Flash production in future
periods.  The IMFT agreement and our NAND
Flash strategy in general require substantial investment in capital
expenditures for equipment and new facilities. 
It also requires significant investments in research and development as
well as investments to grow and develop new operations at multiple sites.  These investments involve numerous
risks.  We are required to devote a
significant portion of our existing semiconductor manufacturing capacity to the
production of NAND Flash instead of the Company’s other products.  In conjunction with the IMFT agreement, we
entered into a contract with Apple Corporation to provide NAND Flash products
for an extended period of time at contractually determined prices.  We currently have a relatively small share of
the world-wide market for NAND Flash.

Our NAND Flash
investments and commitments involve numerous risks, and may include the
following:

·
                  increasing our exposure to changes in
average selling prices for NAND Flash;

·
                  difficulties in establishing new
production operations at multiple locations;

·
                  increasing capital expenditures to
increase production capacity and modify existing processes to produce NAND
Flash;

·
                  increasing debt to finance future
investments;

11

·
                  diverting management’s attention from
DRAM and CMOS Image sensor operations;

·
                  managing larger operations and
facilities and employees in separate geographic areas; and

·
                  hiring and retaining key employees.

Our NAND Flash
strategy may not be successful and could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

The
future success of our Imaging business will be dependent on continued market
acceptance of our products and the development, introduction and marketing of
new Imaging products.

Our Imaging business has
grown rapidly in the recent periods. 
Sales of Imaging products increased substantially and represented 14% of
our net sales in 2006.  Our imaging
products have higher gross margins than the recent overall gross margins from
our memory products.  As we continue to
expand our imaging business, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
maintain these growth rates or gross margins. 
The continued success of our Imaging products will depend on a number of
factors, including:

·
                  development of products that maintain
a technological advantage over the products of our competitors;

·
                  accurate prediction of market
requirements and evolving standards, including pixel resolution, output
interface standards, power requirements, optical lens size, input standards and
other requirements;

·
                  timely completion and introduction of
new Imaging products that satisfy customer requirements;

·
                  timely achievement of design wins
with prospective customers, as manufacturers may be reluctant to change their
source of components due to the significant costs, time, effort and risk
associated with qualifying a new supplier; and

·
                  efficient, cost-effective
manufacturing as we transition to new products and higher volumes.

We
may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to fund our operations and
make adequate capital investments.

Our cash flows from
operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and CMOS
image sensors sold, average selling prices and per unit manufacturing
costs.  To develop new product and
process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies and
maintain product quality, we must make significant capital investments in
manufacturing technology, facilities and capital equipment, research and
development, and product and process technology.  Cash and investments of IMFT and TECH are
generally not available to finance our other operations.  In addition to cash provided by operations,
we have from time to time utilized external sources of financing.  Depending on general market and economic
conditions or other factors, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash
flows to fund our operations and make adequate capital investments.

The
semiconductor industry is highly competitive.

We face intense
competition in the semiconductor memory market from a number of companies,
including Elpida Memory, Inc.; Hynix Semiconductor Inc.; Qimonda AG ADS;
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SanDisk Corporation; Toshiba Corporation and
from emerging companies in Taiwan and China, who have announced plans to
significantly expand the scale of their operations.  Some of our competitors are large
corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to withstand
downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology
and capitalize on growth opportunities. 
Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields,
reduce die size and minimize mask levels in their product designs.  These factors have significantly increased
worldwide supply and put downward pressure on prices.

12

We face
competition in the image sensor market from a number of suppliers of CMOS image
sensors including MagnaChip Semiconductor Ltd.; OmniVision Technologies, Inc.;
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd; Sony Corporation; STMicroelectronics NV; Toshiba
Corporation and from a number of suppliers of CCD image sensors Matsushita
Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Sharp Corporation and Sony Corporation.  In recent periods, a number of new companies
have entered the CMOS image sensor market. 
Competitors include many large domestic and international companies that
have greater presence in key markets, better access to certain customer bases,
greater name recognition and more established strategic and financial
relationships than the Company.

We
may have difficulty integrating the operations of Lexar.

If we are unable
to successfully combine and integrate the Lexar operations, we may not be able
to realize many of the anticipated benefits of the merger, which could harm our
results of operations.  In order to
realize the benefits of the merger, we will need to timely integrate the
technology, operations, and personnel of Lexar. 
Integrating the two companies will be a complex, time-consuming and
expensive process that, even with proper planning and implementation, could
significantly disrupt the businesses of Micron and Lexar.  The challenges involved in this integration
include, combining product and service offerings, optimizing inventory
management over a broader distribution chain, and preserving customer, supplier
and other important relationships of both Micron and Lexar.  If we are not able to successfully integrate
our operations with those of Lexar, our results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

Our
internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected by
material weaknesses in Lexar’s internal controls.

In Lexar’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2005, and its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2006, Lexar reported
material weaknesses with respect to its revenue recognition controls and
inventory accounting controls.  These
control deficiencies resulted in audit adjustments to revenues, accounts
receivable, cost of product revenues, deferred revenue, sales related accruals
and inventory in Lexar’s 2005 consolidated financial statements.  As a result of these material weaknesses,
Lexar concluded in its Annual Report and Quarterly Report that its control over
financial reporting was not effective as of the end of the periods covered by
the reports.  While prior to the close of
the merger Lexar continued to take steps to remediate these material
weaknesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to completely
remediate these material weaknesses such that we will be able to conclude that
our internal control over financial reporting is effective.  We began consolidating the financial results
of Lexar on June 22, 2006; however, due to the recency of the acquisition, the internal
control over financial reporting relating to Lexar was exempt from testing and
evaluation as of August 31, 2006.  To the
extent we do not remediate the material weaknesses, the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting may be adversely affected.

Our
net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as a result of the merger.

Micron and Lexar
had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes prior to
the merger and both entities had provided significant valuation allowances
against the tax benefit of such losses as well as certain tax credit
carryforwards.  Utilization of these net
operating losses and credit carryforwards are dependent upon us achieving
profitable results following the Lexar merger. 
As a consequence of the merger, as well as earlier issuances of common
stock consummated by both companies and business combinations by the Company,
utilization of the tax benefits of these carryforwards are subject to
limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.  The determination of the limitations is
complex and requires significant judgment and analysis of past
transactions.  Accordingly, some portion
or all of these carryforwards may not be available to offset any future taxable
income.

Our resellers receive
price protections which may have an adverse affect on our gross margins.

Nearly all of our Lexar
sales are made through resellers which traditionally have been provided price
protection.  In an environment of slower
demand and abundant supply of products, price declines and channel promotions
expenses are more likely to occur. 
Further, in this environment, high channel inventory may result in
substantial price protection charges. 
These price protection charges have the effect of reducing gross sales
and gross margin.  We expect to continue
to incur price protection charges for the foreseeable future due to competitive
pricing pressures and, as a result, our revenues and gross margins could be
adversely affected.

13

Changes in foreign
currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our business, results
of operations or financial condition.

Our financial statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S.
dollars.  Across our multi-national
operations, there are transactions and balances denominated in other
currencies, primarily the yen and euro.  The Company estimates that, based on its
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollar as of
August 31, 2006, a 1% change in the exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar would
result in foreign currency gains or losses of approximately $1 million for the
yen and $1 million for the euro. 
In the event that the U.S. dollar weakens significantly compared to the
yen or euro, our results of operations or financial condition will be adversely
affected.

New
product development may be unsuccessful.

We are developing new
products that complement our traditional memory products or leverage their
underlying design or process technology. 
We have made significant investments in product and process technologies
and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product
development over the next several years. 
The process to develop NAND Flash, Imaging and certain specialty memory
products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and performance,
many times well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure
design wins with our customers.  There
can be no assurance that our product development efforts will be successful,
that we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture these new products, that
we will be able to successfully market these products or that margins generated
from sales of these products will recover costs of development efforts.

An adverse determination
that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property
rights of others could materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

As is typical in
the semiconductor and other high technology industries, from time to time,
others have asserted, and may in the future assert, that our products or
manufacturing processes infringe their intellectual property rights.  In this regard, we are engaged in litigation
with Rambus, Inc. (“Rambus”) relating to certain of Rambus’ patents and certain
of our claims and defenses.  On August
28, 2000, we filed a complaint (subsequently amended) against Rambus in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware seeking monetary damages and
declaratory and injunctive relief.  Among
other things, our amended complaint alleges violation of federal antitrust
laws, breach of contract, fraud, deceptive trade practices, and negligent
misrepresentation.  The complaint also
seeks a declaratory judgment (a) that certain Rambus patents are not infringed
by us, are invalid, and/or are unenforceable, (b) that we have an implied
license to those patents, and (c) that Rambus is estopped from enforcing those
patents against us.  On February 15,
2001, Rambus filed an answer and counterclaim in Delaware denying that we are
entitled to relief, alleging infringement of the eight Rambus patents named in
our declaratory judgment claim, and seeking monetary damages and injunctive
relief.  A number of other suits are
pending in Europe alleging that certain of our SDRAM and DDR SDRAM products
infringe various of Rambus’ country counterparts to its European patent 525
068, including:  on September 1, 2000,
Rambus filed suit against Micron Semiconductor (Deutschland) GmbH in the
District Court of Mannheim, Germany; on September 22, 2000, Rambus filed a
complaint against us and Reptronic (a distributor of our products) in the Court
of First Instance of Paris, France; and on September 29, 2000, we filed suit
against Rambus in the Civil Court of Milan, Italy, alleging invalidity and non-infringement.  In addition, on December 29, 2000, we filed
suit against Rambus in the Civil Court of Avezzano, Italy, alleging invalidity
and non-infringement of the Italian counterpart to European patent 1 004 956.  Additionally, other suits are pending
alleging that certain of our DDR SDRAM products infringe Rambus’ country
counterparts to its European patent 1 022 642, including:  on August 10, 2001, Rambus filed suit against
us and Assitec (an electronics retailer) in the Civil Court of Pavia, Italy;
and on August 14, 2001, Rambus filed suit against Micron Semiconductor
(Deutschland) GmbH in the District Court of Mannheim, Germany.  In the European suits against us, Rambus is
seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief. 
Subsequent to the filing of the various European suits, the European
Patent Office declared Rambus’ 525 068 and 1 004 956 European patents invalid
and revoked the patents.  On January 13,
2006, Rambus filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California alleging infringement of eighteen Rambus
patents.  We also are engaged in
litigation with Tadahiro Ohmi (“Ohmi”). 
On June 2, 2005, Ohmi filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court
for the Eastern District of Texas (amended on August 31, 2005) alleging
infringement of a single Ohmi patent.  We
are also engaged in litigation with Mosaid Technologies, Inc. (“Mosaid”).  On July 24, 2006, we filed a declaratory
judgment action against Mosaid in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California seeking, among other things, a court determination that
fourteen Mosaid patents are invalid, not enforceable, and/or not
infringed.  On July 26, 2006, Mosaid
filed a lawsuit against us and others in the U.S. District Court for the
Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of nine Mosaid patents.  On August 31, 2006, Mosaid filed an amended
complaint adding two additional Mosaid patents. 
On October 23, 2006, the California Court dismissed our declaratory
judgment suit based on lack of jurisdiction.

14

Among other
things, the above lawsuits pertain to certain of our SDRAM, DDR SDRAM, DDR2
SDRAM, RLDRAM, and image sensor products, which account for a significant
portion of our net sales.

  A court determination that our products or
manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others
could result in significant liability and/or require us to make material
changes to our products and/or manufacturing processes.  We are unable to predict the outcome of
assertions of infringement made against us. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

We have a number
of patent and intellectual property license agreements.  Some of these license agreements require us
to make one time or periodic payments. 
We may need to obtain additional patent licenses or renew existing
license agreements in the future.  We are
unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed
on acceptable terms.

Allegations of
anticompetitive conduct.

On June 17, 2002,
we received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California seeking information regarding an investigation by the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) into possible
antitrust violations in the “Dynamic Random Access Memory” or “DRAM”
industry.  We are cooperating fully and
actively with the DOJ in its investigation of the DRAM industry.  Our cooperation is pursuant to the terms of
the DOJ’s Corporate Leniency Policy, which provides that in exchange for our
full, continuing and complete cooperation in the pending investigation, we will
not be subject to prosecution, fines or other penalties from the DOJ.

Subsequent to the
commencement of the DOJ investigation, a number of purported class action
lawsuits have been filed against us and other DRAM suppliers.  Eighteen cases have been filed in various
federal district courts (two of which have been dismissed) asserting claims on
behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased DRAM
directly from various DRAM suppliers during the period from April 1, 1999
through at least June 30, 2002.  All of
the cases have been transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California for consolidated proceedings. 
The complaints allege price-fixing in violation of federal antitrust
laws and seek treble monetary damages, costs, attorneys’ fees, and an
injunction against the allegedly unlawful conduct.  On June 5, 2006, the Court granted plaintiffs’
motion to certify the proposed class of direct purchasers.

Four cases have
been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
asserting claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities
that indirectly purchased DRAM and/or products containing DRAM from various
DRAM suppliers during the time period from April 1, 1999 through at least June
30, 2002.  The complaints allege price
fixing in violation of federal antitrust laws and various state antitrust and
unfair competition laws and seek treble monetary damages, restitution, costs,
interest and attorneys’ fees.  In
addition, at least sixty-two cases have been filed in various state and federal
courts (five of which have been dismissed) asserting claims on behalf of a
purported class of indirect purchasers of DRAM. 
Cases have been filed in the following states:  Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida,
Hawaii, Iowa, Kansas, Massachusetts, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi,
Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
Mexico, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah,
Vermont, Virginia, Wisconsin, and West Virginia, and also in the District of
Columbia and Puerto Rico.  The complaints
purport to be on behalf of individuals and entities that indirectly purchased
DRAM and/or products containing DRAM in the respective jurisdictions during
various time periods ranging from 1999 through the filing date of the various
complaints.  The complaints allege
violations of various jurisdictions’ antitrust, consumer protection and/or
unfair competition laws relating to the sale and pricing of DRAM products and
seek treble monetary damages, restitution, costs, interest and attorneys’ fees.  A number of these cases have been removed to
federal court and transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California (San Francisco) for consolidated proceedings.

Additionally,
three cases have been filed in the following Canadian courts:  Superior Court, District of Montreal,
Province of Quebec; Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Ontario; and Supreme
Court of British Columbia, Vancouver Registry, British Columbia.  The substantive allegations in these cases
are similar to those asserted in the cases filed in the United States.

In addition,
various states, through their Attorneys General, have filed suit against us and
other DRAM manufacturers.  On July 14,
2006, the following states filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California:  Alaska, Arizona,
Arkansas, California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois,
Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota,
Mississippi, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North
Dakota, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Ohio, Oklahoma,
Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah,
Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.  The amended complaint, filed September 8,
2006, alleges, among other things, violations of the Sherman Act, Cartwright
Act, and certain other states’ consumer protection and antitrust laws and seeks
damages, and injunctive and other relief. 
Additionally, on July 13, 2006, the

15

State of New York filed a
similar suit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New
York.  That case was subsequently
transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
for pre-trial purposes.

On October 11,
2006, we received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California seeking information regarding an investigation
by the DOJ into possible antitrust violations in the “Static Random Access
Memory” or “SRAM” industry.  We believe
that we are not a target of the investigation and we are cooperating fully and
actively with the DOJ in its investigation of the SRAM industry.

Subsequent to the
issuance of subpoenas to the SRAM industry, a number of purported class action
lawsuits have been filed against us and other SRAM suppliers.  Two cases have been filed in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California asserting claims on
behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that purchased SRAM
directly from various SRAM suppliers during the period from January 1, 1998
through December 31, 2005.  Additionally,
eight cases have been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California and one in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Tennessee asserting claims on behalf of a purported class of
individuals and entities that indirectly purchased SRAM and/or products
containing SRAM from various SRAM suppliers during the time period from January
1, 1998 through December 31, 2005.  The
complaints allege price fixing in violation of federal antitrust laws and state
antitrust and unfair competition laws and seek treble monetary damages,
restitution, costs, interest and attorneys’ fees.

On May 5, 2004,
Rambus filed a complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California (San
Francisco County) against us and other DRAM suppliers.  The complaint alleges various causes of
action under California state law including conspiracy to restrict output and
fix prices on Rambus DRAM (“RDRAM”), and unfair competition.  The complaint seeks treble damages, punitive
damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, and a permanent injunction enjoining the
defendants from the conduct alleged in the complaints.

We are unable to
predict the outcome of these lawsuits and investigations.  The final resolution of these alleged
violations of antitrust laws could result in significant liability and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or
financial condition.

Allegations
of violations of securities laws.

On February 24,
2006, a putative class action complaint was filed against us and certain of our
officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho alleging claims
under Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. 
Four substantially similar complaints subsequently were filed in the
same Court.  The cases purport to be brought
on behalf of a class of purchasers of our stock during the period February 24,
2001 to February 13, 2003.  The five
lawsuits have been consolidated and a consolidated amended class action
complaint was filed on July 24, 2006. 
The complaint generally alleges violations of federal securities laws
based on, among other things, claimed misstatements or omissions regarding
alleged illegal price-fixing conduct. 
The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, attorneys’ fees,
costs, and expenses.

In addition, on
March 23, 2006 a shareholder derivative action was filed in the Fourth District
Court for the State of Idaho (Ada County), allegedly on behalf of and for our
benefit, against certain of our current and former officers and directors.  We were also named as a nominal defendant.  The complaint is based on the same allegations
of fact as in the securities class actions filed in the U.S. District Court for
the District of Idaho and alleges breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control,
gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, unjust enrichment, and insider
trading.  The complaint seeks unspecified
damages, restitution, disgorgement of profits, equitable and injunctive relief,
attorneys’ fees, costs, and expenses. 
The complaint is derivative in nature and does not seek monetary damages
from us.  However, we may be required,
throughout the pendency of the action, to advance payment of legal fees and
costs incurred by the defendants.

In March 2006,
following our announcement of a definitive agreement to acquire Lexar Media,
Inc. (“Lexar”) in a stock-for-stock merger, four purported class action
complaints were filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
(Alameda County) on behalf of shareholders of Lexar against Lexar and its
directors.  Two of the complaints also
name us as a defendant.  The complaints
allege that the defendants breached, or aided and abetted the breach of,
fiduciary duties owed to Lexar shareholders by, among other things, engaging in
self-dealing, failing to engage in efforts to obtain the highest price
reasonably available, and failing to properly value Lexar in connection with a
merger transaction between Lexar and us. 
The plaintiffs seek, among other things, injunctive relief preventing,
or an order of rescission reversing, the merger, compensatory damages,
interest, attorneys’ fees, and costs.  On
May 19, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary injunction seeking
to block the merger.  On May 31, 2006,
the Court denied the motion.

16

We are unable to
predict the outcome of these cases.  A
court determination in any of the class actions against us could result in
significant liability and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Current economic and
political conditions may harm our business.

Global economic conditions and the effects of
military or terrorist actions may cause significant disruptions to worldwide
commerce.  If these disruptions result in
delays or cancellations of customer orders, a decrease in corporate spending on
information technology or our inability to effectively market, manufacture or
ship our products.  Global economic
conditions may also affect consumer demand for devices that incorporate our
products such as mobile phones, personal computers, flash memory cards and USB
devices.  As a result, our business,
results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.

We
face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Sales to customers
outside the United States approximated 67% of our consolidated net sales for
2006.  In addition, we have manufacturing
operations in Italy, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore.  Our international sales and operations are
subject to a variety of risks, including:

·
                  currency
exchange rate fluctuations,

·
                  export and
import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and restrictions on
the transfer of funds,

·
                  political and
economic instability,

·
                  problems with
the transportation or delivery of our products,

·
                  issues arising
from cultural or language differences and labor unrest,

·
                  longer payment
cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, and

·
                  compliance with
trade and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions.

These factors may
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

If
our manufacturing process is disrupted, our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We manufacture
products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced
equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance.  Difficulties in the manufacturing process or
the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production
and may increase our per megabit manufacturing costs.  Additionally, our control over operations at
our IMFT, TECH and MP Mask joint ventures may be limited by our agreements with
our partners.  From time to time,
we have experienced minor disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result
of power outages or equipment failures. 
If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason,
manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our
customers’ requirements and they may purchase products from other
suppliers.  This could result in a
significant increase in manufacturing costs or loss of revenues or damage to
customer relationships, which could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Disruptions in our supply
of raw materials could materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

Our operations
require raw materials that meet exacting standards.  We generally have multiple sources of supply
for our raw materials.  However, only a
limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials
that meet our standards.  Various factors
could reduce the availability of raw materials such as silicon wafers,
photomasks, chemicals, gases, lead frames and molding compound.  Shortages may occur from time to time in the
future.  In addition, disruptions in
transportation lines could delay our receipt of raw materials.  Lead times for the supply of raw materials
have been extended in the past.  If our
supply of raw materials is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business,
results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.

17

Products that do not meet
specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain,
defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant
costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

Because the design and
production process for semiconductor memory is highly complex, it is possible
that we may produce products that do not comply with customer specifications,
contain defects or are otherwise incompatible with end uses.  If, despite design review, quality control
and product qualification procedures, problems with nonconforming, defective or
incompatible products occur after we have shipped such products, we could be
adversely affected in several ways, including the following:

·
                  we may replace
product or otherwise compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused
by defective or incompatible product, and

·
                  we may encounter
adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products.

We
expect to make future acquisitions where advisable, which involve numerous
risks.

We expect to make future
acquisitions where we believe it is advisable to enhance shareholder
value.  Acquisitions involve numerous
risks, including:

·
                  difficulties in
integrating the operations, technologies and products of the acquired
companies,

·
                  increasing
capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain facilities,

·
                  increasing debt
to finance any acquisition,

·
                  diverting
management’s attention from normal daily operations,

·
                  managing larger
operations and facilities and employees in separate geographic areas, and

·
                  hiring
and retaining key employees.

Mergers and
acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky, and future
acquisitions may not be successful and may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.