In addition to the factors discussed
elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important factors which could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

We
have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our
semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our
business.

For 2009, average selling prices of
DRAM and NAND Flash products decreased 52% and 56%, respectively, as compared to
2008.  For 2008, average selling prices of DRAM and NAND Flash
products decreased 51% and 67%, respectively, as compared to
2007.  For 2007, average selling prices of DRAM and NAND Flash
products decreased 23% and 56%, respectively, as compared to 2006.  In
some prior periods, average selling prices for our memory products have been
below our manufacturing costs.  If average selling prices for our
memory products remain depressed or decrease faster than we can decrease per
gigabit costs, as they recently have, our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We
may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external
financing necessary to fund our operations and make adequate capital
investments.

Our cash flows from operations depend
primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory sold, average selling prices and
per unit manufacturing costs.  To develop new product and process
technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies and maintain
product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing
technology, facilities and capital equipment, research and development, and
product and process technology.  We currently estimate our capital
spending to be between $750 million and $850 million for 2010.  As of
September 3, 2009, we had cash and equivalents and short-term investments
totaling $1,485 million, of which $302 million consisted of cash and investments
of IM Flash and TECH that would generally not be available to finance our other
operations.  In the past we have utilized external sources of
financing when needed and access to capital markets has historically been very
important to us.  As a result of the severe downturn in the
semiconductor memory market, the downturn in general economic conditions, and
the adverse conditions in the credit markets, it may be difficult to obtain
financing on terms acceptable to us.  We significantly reduced our
actual capital expenditures for 2009 and planned capital expenditures for
2010.  In addition, we are considering further financing alternatives,
continuing to limit capital expenditures and implementing further cost-cutting
initiatives.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to
generate sufficient cash flows or find other sources of financing to fund our
operations; make adequate capital investments to remain competitive in terms of
technology development and cost efficiency; or access capital
markets.  Our inability to do the foregoing could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We
may be unable to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at the rate average
selling prices decline.

Our gross margins are dependent upon
continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through
improvements in our manufacturing processes, including reducing the die size of
our existing products.  In future periods, we may be unable to reduce
our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to improve or maintain
gross margins.  Factors that many limit our ability to reduce costs
include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions
affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes,
changes in process technologies or products that inherently may require
relatively larger die sizes.  Per gigabit manufacturing costs may also
be affected by the relatively smaller production quantities and shorter product
lifecycles of certain specialty memory products.

Consolidation
of industry participants and governmental assistance to some of our competitors
may contribute to uncertainty in the semiconductor market and negatively impact
our ability to compete.

In recent periods manufacturing supply
has significantly exceeded customer demand resulting in significant declines in
average selling prices of DRAM and NAND Flash products and substantial operating
losses by the Company and its competitors.  The operating losses as
well as limited access to sources of financing have led to the deterioration in
the financial condition of a number of industry participants.  Some of
our competitors may try to enhance their capacity and lower their cost structure
through consolidation.  Consolidation of industry competitors could
put us at a competitive disadvantage.  In addition, some governments
have provided, or are considering, significant financial assistance for some of
our competitors.

 11

The
recent economic downturn in the worldwide economy and the semiconductor industry
may harm our business.

The downturn in the worldwide economy,
including a continuing downturn in the semiconductor memory industry, had an
adverse effect on our business.  Adverse economic conditions affect
consumer demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal
computers, mobile phones, Flash memory cards and USB devices.  Reduced
demand for our products could result in continued market oversupply and
significant decreases in our average selling prices.  A continuation
of current negative conditions in worldwide credit markets would limit our
ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital
expenditures.  In addition, we may experience losses on our holdings
of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other
parties.  Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher
rate of losses on our accounts receivables due to credit defaults.  As
a result, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be
materially adversely affected.

The
semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive.

We face intense competition in the
semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including Elpida Memory,
Inc.; Hynix Semiconductor Inc.; Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SanDisk
Corporation; and Toshiba Corporation.  Some of our competitors are
large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources or greater
access to resources, including governmental resources, to withstand downturns in
the semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology and
capitalize on growth opportunities.  Our competitors seek to increase
silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size and minimize mask levels in
their product designs.  The transitions to smaller line-width process
technologies and 300mm wafers in the industry have resulted in significant
increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory.  Increases
in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory also result from semiconductor
memory fab capacity expansions, either by way of new facilities, increased
capacity utilization or reallocation of other semiconductor production to
semiconductor memory production.   Increases in worldwide supply
of semiconductor memory, if not accompanied with commensurate increases in
demand, would lead to further declines in average selling prices for our
products and would materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

 Our
joint ventures and strategic partnerships involve numerous risks.

 We have entered into partnering
arrangements to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process
technologies and products.  These arrangements include our IM Flash
NAND Flash joint ventures with Intel, our Inotera DRAM joint venture with Nanya,
our TECH DRAM joint venture, our MP Mask joint venture with Photronics and our
CMOS image sensor wafer supply agreement with Aptina
.  These joint
ventures and strategic partnerships are subject to various risks that could
adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of
operations.  These risks include the following:

 ·  

 our
 interests could diverge from our partners in the future or we may not be
 able to agree with partners on ongoing manufacturing and operational
 activities, or on the amount, timing or nature of further investments in
 our joint venture;

 ·  

 recognition
 of our share of potential Inotera and Aptina losses in our results of
 operation;

 ·  

 due
 to financial constraints, our partners may be unable to meet their
 commitments to us or our joint ventures and may pose credit risks for our
 transactions with them;

 ·  

 the
 terms of our arrangements may turn out to be
 unfavorable;

 ·  

 cash
 flows may be inadequate to fund increased capital
 requirements;

 ·  

 we
 may experience difficulties in transferring technology to joint
 ventures;

 ·  

 we
 may experience difficulties and delays in ramping production at joint
 ventures;

 ·  

 these
 operations may be less cost-efficient as a result of underutilized
 capacity; and

 ·  

 political
 or economic instability may occur in the countries where our joint
 ventures and/or partners are
located.

If our joint ventures and strategic
partnerships are unsuccessful, our business, results of operations or financial
condition may be adversely affected.

 12

Our
ownership interest in Inotera Memories, Inc. involves numerous
risks.

In the first quarter of 2009, we
acquired a 35.5% ownership interest in Inotera Memories, Inc., a publicly traded
Taiwanese DRAM memory manufacturer, from Qimonda, AG.  In August 2009, our
ownership interest in Inotera was reduced to 29.8% as a result of Inotera’s
issuance of common stock in a public offering for approximately $310
million.  In connection with our interest in Inotera, we also have
rights and obligations to purchase up to 50% of the wafer production of
Inotera.  Our acquisition of an interest in Inotera involves numerous
risks including the following:

 ·  

 Inotera’s
 ability to meet its ongoing
obligations;

 ·  

 costs
 associated with manufacturing inefficiencies resulting from underutilized
 capacity;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in converting Inotera production from Qimonda’s trench technology to our
 stack technology;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in obtaining financing for capital expenditures necessary to convert
 Inotera production to our stack
technology;

 ·  

 increasing
 our debt to finance the acquisition of Inotera
 shares;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 around the timing and amount of wafer supply we will receive under the
 supply agreement;

 ·  

 risks
 relating to actions that may be taken or initiated by Qimonda’s bankruptcy
 administrator relating to Qimonda’s transfer to the Company of its Inotera
 shares and to the possible rejection of or failure to perform under
 certain patent and technology license agreements between the Company and
 Qimonda;

 ·  

 obligations
 during the technology transition period to procure product based on a
 competitor’s technology which may be difficult to sell and to provide
 support for such product, with respect to which we have limited
 technological understanding; and

 ·  

 the
 effect on our margins associated with our obligation to purchase product
 utilizing Qimonda’s trench technology at a relatively higher cost than
 other products manufactured by us and selling them potentially at a lower
 price than other products produced by
us.

Pursuant to our obligations under a
supply agreement with Inotera, we recorded $95 million of charges in cost of
goods sold in 2009 related to underutilized capacity and purchased $46 million
of trench DRAM products from Inotera.

We
may incur additional restructure charges in future periods.

In response to a severe downturn in the
semiconductor memory industry and global economic conditions, we implemented
restructure initiatives in 2009, 2008 and 2007 that resulted in net charges of
$70 million, $33 million and $19 million, respectively.  The
restructure initiatives included shutting down our 200mm wafer fabrication
facility in Boise, suspending the production ramp of a new fabrication facility
in Singapore and other personnel cost reductions.  Depending on market
conditions, in future periods we may implement further restructure
initiatives.  As a result of these initiatives, we could incur
restructure charges, lose production output, lose key personnel and experience
disruptions in our operations and difficulties in delivering products
timely.

 13

An
adverse determination that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the
intellectual property rights of others could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

On January 13, 2006, Rambus, Inc.
(“Rambus”) filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California. Rambus alleges that certain of our DDR2, DDR3,
RLDRAM, and RLDRAM II products infringe as many as fourteen Rambus patents and
seeks monetary damages, treble damages, and injunctive relief. The accused
products account for a significant portion of our net sales. On June 2, 2006, we
filed an answer and counterclaim against Rambus alleging, among other things,
antitrust and fraud claims.  On January 9, 2009, in another lawsuit
involving the Company and Rambus 
and
involving allegations by Rambus of patent infringement against us in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Judge Robinson entered an
opinion in favor of us holding that Rambus had engaged in spoliation and that
the twelve Rambus patents in the suit were unenforceable against the
Company.  Rambus subsequently appealed the Delaware Court’s decision
to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  Subsequently,
the Northern District of California Court stayed a trial of on the patent phase
of the Northern District of California case pending the outcome of the appeal of
the Delaware Court’s spoliation decision or further order of the California
Court.  (See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for additional details on
this lawsuit and other Rambus matters pending in the U.S. and
Europe.)

On March 6, 2009, Panavision Imaging
LLC filed suit against the Company and Aptina Imaging Corporation, then a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in the U.S. District Court for the
Central District of California.  The complaint alleges that certain of
the Company and Aptina’s image sensor products infringe four Panavision Imaging
U.S. patents and seeks injunctive relief, damages, attorneys’ fees, and
costs.

On March 24, 2009, Accolade Systems LLC
filed suit against the Company and Aptina in the U.S. District Court for the
Eastern District of Texas alleging that certain of the Company and Aptina’s
image sensor products infringe one Accolade Systems U.S. patent.  The
complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages, attorneys’ fees, and
costs.  Accolade Systems never served the complaint, and on October
15, 2009, filed a motion to dismiss the complaint against the Company and Aptina
without prejudice.

We are unable to predict the outcome of
assertions of infringement made against us.  A court determination
that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property
rights of others could result in significant liability and/or require us to make
material changes to our products and/or manufacturing processes.  Any
of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

We have a number of patent and
intellectual property license agreements.  Some of these license
agreements require us to make one time or periodic payments.  We may
need to obtain additional patent licenses or renew existing license agreements
in the future.  We are unable to predict whether these license
agreements can be obtained or renewed on acceptable terms.

An
adverse outcome relating to allegations of anticompetitive conduct could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

A number of purported class action
price-fixing lawsuits have been filed against us and other DRAM
suppliers.  Numerous cases have been filed in various state and
federal courts asserting claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals
and entities that indirectly purchased DRAM and/or products containing DRAM from
various DRAM suppliers during the time period from April 1, 1999 through at
least June 30, 2002.  The complaints allege violations of the various
jurisdictions’ antitrust, consumer protection and/or unfair competition laws
relating to the sale and pricing of DRAM products and seek joint and several
damages, trebled, restitution, costs, interest and attorneys’ fees.  A
number of these cases have been removed to federal court and transferred to the
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (San Francisco) for
consolidated pre-trial proceedings.  On January 29, 2008, the Northern
District of California Court granted in part and denied in part our motion to
dismiss the plaintiff’s second amended consolidated complaint.  The
District Court subsequently certified the decision for interlocutory
appeal.  On February 27, 2008, plaintiffs filed a third amended
complaint.  On June 26, 2008, the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit agreed to consider plaintiffs’ interlocutory
appeal.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional
details on these cases and related matters.)

Various states, through their Attorneys
General, have filed suit against us and other DRAM manufacturers alleging
violations of state and federal competition laws.  The amended
complaint alleges, among other things, violations of the Sherman Act, Cartwright
Act, and certain other states’ consumer protection and antitrust laws and seeks
damages, and injunctive and other relief.  On October 3, 2008, the
California Attorney General filed a similar lawsuit in California Superior
Court, purportedly on behalf of local California government entities, alleging,
among other things, violations of the Cartwright Act and state unfair
competition law.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for
additional details on these cases and related matters.)

 14

Three purported class action lawsuits
alleging price-fixing of Flash products have been filed against us in Canada
asserting violations of the Canadian Competition Act.  These cases
assert claims on behalf of a purported class of individuals and entities that
purchased Flash memory directly and indirectly from various Flash memory
suppliers.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional
details on these cases and related matters.)

On May 5, 2004, Rambus filed a lawsuit
in the Superior Court of the State of California (San Francisco County) against
us and other DRAM suppliers.  The complaint alleges various causes of
action under California state law including conspiracy to restrict output and
fix prices of Rambus DRAM ("RDRAM"), and unfair competition.  The
complaint seeks joint and several damages, trebled, punitive damages, attorneys’
fees, costs, and a permanent injunction enjoining the defendants from the
conduct alleged in the complaint.  Trial is currently scheduled to
begin in January 2010.  (See “Item 3.  Legal Proceedings”
for additional details on this case and other Rambus matters pending in the U.S.
and Europe.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
these lawsuits.  An adverse court determination in any of these
lawsuits alleging violations of antitrust laws could result in significant
liability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

An
adverse outcome relating to allegations of violations of securities laws could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

On February 24, 2006, a number of
purported class action complaints were filed against us and certain of our
officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho alleging claims
under Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  The cases purport to
be brought on behalf of a class of purchasers of our stock during the period
February 24, 2001 to February 13, 2003.  The five lawsuits have been
consolidated and a consolidated amended class action complaint was filed on July
24, 2006.  The complaint generally alleges violations of federal
securities laws based on, among other things, claimed misstatements or omissions
regarding alleged illegal price-fixing conduct.  The complaint seeks
unspecified damages, interest, attorneys' fees, costs, and
expenses.  On December 19, 2007, the Court issued an order certifying
the class but reducing the class period to purchasers of our stock during the
period from February 24, 2001 to September 18, 2002.  (See “Item
3.  Legal Proceedings” for additional details on these cases and
related matters.)

We are unable to predict the outcome of
these cases.  An adverse court determination in any of the class
action lawsuits against us could result in significant liability and could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Our
debt level is higher than compared to historical periods.

We currently have a higher level of
debt compared to historical periods.  As of September 3, 2009 we had
$3.1 billion of debt. We may need to incur additional debt in the future. Our
debt level could adversely impact us.  For example it
could:

 ·  

 make
 it more difficult for us to make payments on our
 debt;

 ·  

 require
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations and
 other capital resources to debt
service;

 ·  

 limit
 our future ability to raise funds for capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 research and development and other general corporate
 requirements;

 ·  

 increase
 our vulnerability to adverse economic and semiconductor memory industry
 conditions;

 ·  

 expose
 us to fluctuations in interest rates with respect to that portion of our
 debt which is at a variable rate of interest;
 and

 ·  

 require
 us to make additional investments in joint ventures to maintain compliance
 with financial covenants.

Several of our credit facilities, one
of which was modified during 2009, have covenants which require us to maintain
minimum levels of tangible net worth and cash and investments.  As of
September 3, 2009, we were in compliance with our debt covenants.  If
we are unable to continue to be in compliance with our debt covenants, or obtain
waivers, an event of default could be triggered, which, if not cured, could
cause the maturity of other borrowings to be accelerated and become due and
currently payable.

 15

Covenants
in our debt instruments may obligate us to repay debt, increase contributions to
our TECH joint venture and limit our ability to obtain financing.

Our ability to comply with the
financial and other covenants contained in our debt may be affected by economic
or business conditions or other events.  As of September 3, 2009, our
85% owned TECH Semiconductor Singapore Pte. Ltd., (“TECH”) subsidiary, had $548
million outstanding under a credit facility with covenants that, among other
requirements, establish certain liquidity, debt service coverage and leverage
ratios for TECH and restrict TECH’s ability to incur indebtedness, create liens
and acquire or dispose of assets.  If TECH does not comply with these
debt covenants and restrictions, this debt may be deemed to be in default and
the debt declared payable.  There can be no assurance that TECH will
be able to comply with its covenants.  Additionally, if TECH is unable
to repay its borrowings when due, the lenders under TECH’s credit facility could
proceed against substantially all of TECH’s assets.  In the first
quarter of 2010, TECH modified its debt covenants.  In connection with
the modification, our guarantee of TECH’s debt increased from approximately 73%
to approximately 85% of the outstanding amount borrowed under TECH’s credit
facility.  Our guarantee could increase up to 100% of the outstanding
amount borrowed under the facility based on further increases in our ownership
interest in TECH and other conditions.  If TECH’s debt is accelerated,
we may not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due.  Existing
covenant restrictions may limit our ability to obtain additional debt
financing.  To avoid covenant defaults we may be required to repay
debt obligations and/or make additional contributions to TECH, all of which
could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.

We
expect to make future acquisitions and alliances, which involve numerous
risks.

Acquisitions and the formation of
alliances, such as joint ventures and other partnering arrangements, involve
numerous risks including the following:

 ·  

 difficulties
 in integrating the operations, technologies and products of acquired or
 newly formed entities;

 ·  

 increasing
 capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain
 facilities;

 ·  

 increasing
 debt to finance any acquisition or formation of a new
 business;

 ·  

 difficulties
 in protecting our intellectual property as we enter into a greater number
 of licensing arrangements;

 ·  

 diverting
 management’s attention from normal daily
 operations;

 ·  

 managing
 larger or more complex operations and facilities and employees in separate
 geographic areas; and

 ·  

 hiring
 and retaining key employees.

Acquisitions of, or alliances with,
high-technology companies are inherently risky, and any future transactions may
not be successful and may materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition.

New
product development may be unsuccessful.

We are developing new products that
complement our traditional memory products or leverage their underlying design
or process technology.  We have made significant investments in
product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources
for new semiconductor product development over the next several
years.  The process to develop DRAM, NAND Flash and certain specialty
memory products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and
performance, many times well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in
order to secure design wins with our customers.  There can be no
assurance that our product development efforts will be successful, that we will
be able to cost-effectively manufacture new products, that we will be able to
successfully market these products or that margins generated from sales of these
products will recover costs of development efforts.

The
future success of our Imaging foundry business is dependent on Aptina’s market
success and customer demand.

In recent quarters, Aptina’s net sales
and gross margins decreased due to declining demand and increased
competition.  There can be no assurance that Aptina will be able to
grow or maintain its market share or gross margins.  Any reduction in
Aptina’s market share could adversely affect the operating results of our
Imaging foundry business.  Aptina’s success depends on a number of
factors, including:

 16

 ·  

 development
 of products that maintain a technological advantage over the products of
 our competitors;

 ·  

 accurate
 prediction of market requirements and evolving standards, including pixel
 resolution, output interface standards, power requirements, optical lens
 size, input standards and other
requirements;

 ·  

 timely
 completion and introduction of new imaging products that satisfy customer
 requirements; and

 ·  

 timely
 achievement of design wins with prospective customers, as manufacturers
 may be reluctant to change their source of components due to the
 significant costs, time, effort and risk associated with qualifying a new
 supplier.

Depressed
pricing for semiconductor memory products may lead to future losses and
inventory write-downs.

As a result of the significant
decreases in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory products, we
recorded charges of $603 million in aggregate for 2009, $282 million in
aggregate for 2008 and $20 million in 2007 to write down inventories to their
estimated market value.  Differences in forecasted average selling
prices used in calculating lower of cost or market adjustments can result in
significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of product inventories
and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded.  For example, a 5%
variance in the estimated selling prices would have changed the estimated market
value of our semiconductor memory inventory by approximately $75 million at
September 3, 2009.  If the estimated market values of products held in
finished goods and work in process inventories at a quarter-end date are below
the manufacturing cost of these products, we will recognize charges to cost of
goods sold to write down the carrying value of our inventories to market
value.

The
inability to reach an acceptable agreement with our TECH joint venture partners
regarding the future of TECH after its shareholders’ agreement expires in April
2011 could have a significant adverse effect on our DRAM production and results
of operation.

Since 1998, we have participated in
TECH, a semiconductor memory manufacturing joint venture in Singapore among the
Company, Canon Inc. (“Canon”) and Hewlett-Packard Company (“HP”).  As
of September 3, 2009, the ownership of TECH was held approximately 85% by us,
approximately 11% by Canon and approximately 4% by HP.  The financial
results of TECH are included in our consolidated financial
statements.  In 2009, TECH accounted for 20% of our total DRAM gigabit
production.  The shareholders’ agreement for TECH expires in April
2011.  In the first quarter of 2010, TECH received a notice from HP
that it does not intend to extend the TECH joint venture beyond April
2011.  We are working with HP and Canon to reach a resolution of the
matter.  The parties’ inability to reach a resolution of this matter
prior to April 2011 could result in the dissolution of TECH and have a
significant adverse impact on our DRAM production and results of
operation.

Products
that fail to meet specifications, are defective or that are otherwise
incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us.

Products that do not meet
specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain,
defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose
significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Because the design and production
process for semiconductor memory is highly complex, it is possible that we may
produce products that do not comply with customer specifications, contain
defects or are otherwise incompatible with end uses.  If, despite
design review, quality control and product qualification procedures, problems
with nonconforming, defective or incompatible products occur after we have
shipped such products, we could be adversely affected in several ways, including
the following:

 ·  

 we
 may be required to replace product or otherwise compensate customers for
 costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible product,
 and

 ·  

 we
 may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of
 our products.

 17

Changes
in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars.  Across
our multi-national operations, there are transactions and balances denominated
in other currencies, primarily the Singapore dollar, euro and yen.  We
recorded net losses from changes in currency exchange rates of $30 million for
2009 and of $25 million for 2008.  We estimate that, based on its
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar as
of September 3, 2009, a 1% change in the exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar
would result in foreign currency gains or losses of approximately U.S. $3
million for the Singapore dollar and $1 million for the euro and
yen.  In the event that the U.S. dollar weakens significantly compared
to the Singapore dollar, euro and yen, our results of operations or financial
condition will be adversely affected.

We
face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Sales to customers outside the United
States approximated 81% of our consolidated net sales for 2009.  In
addition, we have manufacturing operations in China, Italy, Japan, Puerto Rico
and Singapore.  Our international sales and operations are subject to
a variety of risks, including:

 ·  

 currency
 exchange rate fluctuations;

 ·  

 export
 and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and
 restrictions on the transfer of
funds;

 ·  

 political
 and economic instability;

 ·  

 problems
 with the transportation or delivery of our
 products;

 ·  

 issues
 arising from cultural or language differences and labor
 unrest;

 ·  

 longer
 payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts
 receivable;

 ·  

 compliance
 with trade, technical standards and other laws in a variety of
 jurisdictions;

 ·  

 changes
 in economic policies of foreign governments;
and

 ·  

 difficulties
 in staffing and managing international
 operations.

These factors may materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our
net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be limited.

We have a valuation allowance against
substantially all of our U.S. net deferred tax assets.  As of
September 3, 2009, we had aggregate U.S. tax net operating loss carryforwards of
$4.2 billion and unused U.S. tax credit carryforwards of $212
million.  We also had unused state tax net operating loss
carryforwards of $2.6 billion and unused state tax credits of $198
million.  Substantially all of the net operating loss carryforwards
expire in 2022 to 2029 and substantially all of the tax credit carryforwards
expire in 2013 to 2029.  Utilization of these net operating losses and
credit carryforwards is dependent upon us achieving sustained
profitability.  As a consequence of prior business acquisitions,
utilization of the tax benefits for some of the tax carryforwards is subject to
limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and some portion
or all of these carryforwards may not be available to offset any future taxable
income.  The determination of the limitations is complex and requires
significant judgment and analysis of past transactions.

 18

If
our manufacturing process is disrupted, our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We manufacture products using highly
complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous
modification to improve yields and performance.  Difficulties in the
manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce
yields or disrupt production and may increase our per gigabit manufacturing
costs.  Additionally, our control over operations at our IM Flash,
TECH, Inotera and MP Mask joint ventures may be limited by our agreements with
our partners.  From time to time, we have experienced minor
disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result of power outages,
improperly functioning equipment and equipment failures.  If
production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing
yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers'
requirements and they may purchase products from other
suppliers.  This could result in a significant increase in
manufacturing costs or loss of revenues or damage to customer relationships,
which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or
financial condition.

Disruptions
in our supply of raw materials could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Our operations require raw materials
that meet exacting standards.  We generally have multiple sources of
supply for our raw materials.  However, only a limited number of
suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials that meet our
standards.  Various factors could reduce the availability of raw
materials such as silicon wafers, photomasks, chemicals, gases, lead frames and
molding compound.  Shortages may occur from time to time in the
future.  In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could delay
our receipt of raw materials.  Lead times for the supply of raw
materials have been extended in the past.  If our supply of raw
materials is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business, results of
operations or financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.

 19