Competition 

Murphy operates in the oil and gas industry and experiences intense competition from other oil and gas companies, which include state-owned foreign oil companies, major
integrated oil companies, independent producers of oil and natural gas and independent refining companies. Virtually all of the state-owned and major integrated oil companies and many of the independent producers and refiners that compete with the
Company have substantially greater resources than Murphy. In addition, the oil industry as a whole competes with other industries in supplying energy requirements around the world. Murphy competes, among other things, for valuable acreage positions,
exploration licenses, drilling equipment and human resources. 

Reserve Replacement 

Murphy continually depletes its oil and natural reserves as production occurs. In order to sustain and grow its business, the Company must successfully replace the crude oil and natural gas it produces with additional
reserves. Therefore, it must create and maintain a portfolio of good prospects for future reserve additions and production by obtaining rights to explore for, develop and produce hydrocarbons in promising areas. In addition, it must find, develop
and produce and/or purchase reserves found at a competitive cost structure to be successful in the long-term. Murphy’s ability to operate profitably in the exploration and production segments of its business, therefore, is dependent on its
ability to find, develop and produce and/or purchase oil and natural gas reserves at costs that are less than the realized sales price for these products and at costs competitive with competing companies in the industry. 

Proved Reserves 

Proved crude oil and natural gas reserves included
in this report on pages F-35 and F-36 have been prepared by Company personnel and outside experts based on oil and natural gas prices in effect at the end of each year as well as other conditions and information available at the time the estimates
were prepared. Estimation of reserves is a subjective process that involves professional judgment by engineers about volumes to be recovered in future periods from underground crude oil and natural gas reservoirs. Estimates of economically
recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, and consequently, different engineers could arrive at different estimates of reserves and future net cash flows based
on the same available data and using industry accepted engineering practices and scientific methods. 

7 

Table of Contents

Future changes in crude oil and natural gas prices may have a material effect on the reported quantity of our proved
reserves and the standardized measure of discounted future cash flows relating to proved reserves. Future reserve revisions could also occur as a result of changes in other factors such as governmental regulations. 

The Company’s proved undeveloped reserves and non-producing proved developed reserves represent significant portions of total proved reserves. As of
December 31, 2007, approximately 34% of the Company’s proved oil reserves and 69% of proved natural gas reserves are undeveloped. The ability of the Company to reclassify these undeveloped proved reserves to the proved developed
classification is generally dependent on the successful completion of one or more operations, which might include further development drilling, construction of facilities or pipelines, and well workovers. Proved undeveloped reserves have inherently
more risk than proved developed reserves, generally due to significant development work which is both costly and uncertain as to timing of completion prior to the start of production. Also, at December 31, 2007, the Company’s non-producing
proved developed reserves represent approximately 5% of the Company’s total proved reserves on a barrel of oil equivalent basis. These non-producing proved developed reserves are primarily in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and generally represent
“behind pipe” reserves that will require an uphole recompletion to produce the more shallow oil or natural gas reservoir. These “behind pipe” reserves have more risk than producing proved developed reserves. 

The discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves should not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties. As required by
generally accepted accounting principles, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves are based generally on prices and costs as of year-end, while actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. In
addition, the 10 percent discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on
our cost of capital and the risks associated with our business and the crude oil and natural gas business in general. 

Price Volatility 

The most significant variables affecting the Company’s results of operations are the sales prices for crude oil, natural gas and refined products that it
produces. The Company’s income in 2007 was favorably affected by high crude oil and natural gas prices. If these prices decline significantly in 2008 or future years, the Company’s results of operations would be negatively impacted. In
addition, the Company’s net income could be adversely affected by lower future refining and marketing margins. Except in limited cases, the Company typically does not seek to hedge any significant portion of its exposure to the effects of
changing prices of crude oil, natural gas and refined products. Certain of the Company’s crude oil production is heavy and more sour than West Texas Intermediate (WTI) quality crude; therefore, this crude oil usually sells at a discount to WTI
and other light and sweet crude oils. In addition, the sales prices for heavy and sour crude oils do not always move in relation to price changes for WTI and lighter/sweeter crude oils. 

Dry Hole Exposure 

The Company generally drills numerous wildcat wells each year which subjects its exploration and
production operating results to significant exposure to dry holes expense, which have adverse effects on, and create volatility for, the Company’s overall net income. In 2007, significant wildcat wells were primarily drilled offshore Malaysia
and in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The Company’s 2008 budget calls for wildcat drilling primarily in the Gulf of Mexico, and in waters offshore Malaysia, the Republic of Congo and Australia. 

Capital Financing 

Murphy usually must spend and risk a significant
amount of capital to find and develop reserves before revenue is generated from production. Although most capital needs are funded from operating cash flow, the timing of cash flows from operations and capital funding needs may not always coincide.
Therefore, the Company maintains financing arrangements with lending institutions to meet certain funding needs. The Company must periodically renew these financing arrangements based on foreseeable financing needs. Although not considered likely,
there is the possibility that financing arrangements may not always be available at sufficient levels required to fund the Company’s development activities. 

Limited Control 

The ability of the Company to successfully manage development and operating costs is important because virtually all of the
products it sells are energy commodities such as crude oil, natural gas and refined products, for which the Company has little or no influence on the sales prices or regional and worldwide consumer demand for these products. Murphy is a net
purchaser of crude oil and other refinery feedstocks, and also purchases refined products, particularly gasoline, needed to supply its retail marketing stations. Therefore, its most significant costs are subject to volatility of prices for these
commodities. The Company also often experiences pressure on its operating and capital expenditures in periods of strong crude oil, natural gas and refined product prices such as those experienced in 2007 and 2006 because an increase in exploration
and production activities due to high oil and gas sales prices generally leads to higher demand for, and consequently higher costs for, goods and services in the oil and gas industry. 

Many of the Company’s major oil and natural gas producing properties are operated by others. During 2007, approximately 56% of the Company’s total production was at fields operated by others, while at
December 31, 2007, approximately 32% of the Company’s total proved reserves were at fields operated by others. Therefore, Murphy does not fully control all activities at certain of its significant revenue generating properties. 

8 

Table of Contents

Outside Forces 

The
operations and earnings of Murphy have been and will continue to be affected by worldwide political developments. Many governments, including those that are members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), unilaterally intervene
at times in the orderly market of crude oil and natural gas produced in their countries through such actions as setting prices, determining rates of production, and controlling who may buy and sell the production. As of December 31, 2007,
approximately 58% of proved reserves, as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, were located in countries other than the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Certain of the reserves held outside these three countries could be considered to
have more political risk. In addition, prices and availability of crude oil, natural gas and refined products could be influenced by political unrest and by various governmental policies to restrict or increase petroleum usage and supply. Other
governmental actions that could affect Murphy’s operations and earnings include tax changes, royalty increases and regulations concerning: currency fluctuations, protection and remediation of the environment (See the caption
“Environmental” beginning on page 25 of this Form 10-K report), preferential and discriminatory awarding of oil and gas leases, restrictions on drilling and/or production, restraints and controls on imports and exports, safety, and
relationships between employers and employees. Because these and other factors too numerous to list are subject to changes caused by governmental and political considerations and are often made in response to changing internal and worldwide economic
conditions and to actions of other governments or specific events, it is not practical to attempt to predict the effects of such factors on Murphy’s future operations and earnings. 

Industry and Other Risks 

Murphy’s business is subject to operational hazards and risks normally associated with
the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas and the refining and marketing of crude oil and petroleum products. The Company operates in urban and remote, and often inhospitable, areas around the world. The occurrence of an event,
including but not limited to acts of nature such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and other forms of severe weather, and mechanical equipment failures, industrial accidents, fires, explosions, acts of war and intentional terrorist attacks could
result in the loss of hydrocarbons and associated revenues, environmental pollution or contamination, and personal injury, including death, for which the Company could be deemed to be liable, and which could subject the Company to substantial fines
and/or claims for punitive damages. 

The location of many of Murphy’s key assets causes the Company to be vulnerable to severe weather, including
hurricanes and tropical storms. A number of significant oil and natural gas fields lie in offshore waters around the world. Probably the most vulnerable of the Company’s offshore fields are in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, where severe hurricanes
and tropical storms have often led to shutdowns and damages. The U.S. hurricane season runs from June through November, but the most severe storm activities usually occur in late summer, such as with Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005.
Additionally, the Company’s largest refinery is located about 10 miles southeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina passed near the refinery causing major flooding and severe wind damage. The gradual loss of coastal
wetlands in southeast Louisiana increases the risk of future flooding should storms such as Katrina recur. Other assets such as gasoline terminals and certain retail gasoline stations also lie near the Gulf of Mexico coastlines and are vulnerable to
storm damages. During the repairs at Meraux following Hurricane Katrina, the refinery took steps to try to reduce the potential for damages from future storms of similar magnitude. For example, certain key equipment such as motors and pumps were
raised above ground level when feasible. These steps may somewhat reduce the damages associated with windstorm and major flooding that could occur with a future storm similar in strength to Katrina, but the risks from such a storm are not
eliminated. Although the Company also maintains insurance for such risks as described below, due to policy deductibles and possible coverage limits, weather-related risks are not fully insured. 

Insurance 

Murphy maintains insurance against certain, but not all,
hazards that could arise from its operations, and such insurance is believed to be reasonable for the hazards and risks faced by the Company. As of December 31, 2007, the Company maintained total excess liability insurance with limits of $750
million per occurrence covering certain general liability and certain “sudden and accidental” environmental risks. The Company also maintained insurance coverage with an additional limit of $250 million per occurrence, all or part of which
could be applicable to certain sudden and accidental pollution events. There can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to offset costs associated with certain events or that insurance coverage will continue to be available in the
future on terms that justify its purchase. The occurrence of an event that is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations in the future. During 2005, damages from
hurricanes caused shut-down of certain U.S. oil and gas production operations as well as the Meraux, Louisiana refinery. The Company repaired the Meraux refinery and it restarted operations in mid-2006. The Company does not expect to fully recover
repair costs incurred at Meraux under its insurance policies. See Note Q in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Litigation

The Company is involved in numerous lawsuits seeking cash settlements for alleged personal injuries, property damages and other business-related
matters. The most significant of these matters are addressed in more detail in Item 3 beginning on page 10 of this Form 10-K report. 

Credit
Exposure 

Although Murphy limits its credit risk by selling its products to numerous entities worldwide, it still, at times, carries substantial credit
risk from its customers. For certain oil and gas properties operated by the Company, other companies which own partial interests may not be able to meet their financial obligation to pay for their share of capital and operating costs as they come
due. 

9 

Table of Contents

Retirement Plans 

A
number of actuarial assumptions impact funding requirements for the Company’s retirement plans. The most significant of these assumptions include return on assets, long-term interest rates and mortality. If the actual results for the plans vary
significantly from the actuarial assumptions used, or if laws regulating such retirement plans are changed, Murphy could be required to make significant funding payments to one or more of its retirement plans in the future and/or it could be
required to record a larger liability for future obligations in its Consolidated Balance Sheet.