Murphy Oil’s businesses operate in highly competitive environments, which could adversely affect it in many ways, including its
profitability, its ability to grow, and its ability to manage its businesses. 

Murphy operates in the oil and gas industry and experiences
intense competition from other oil and gas companies, which include state-owned foreign oil companies, major integrated oil companies, independent producers of oil and natural gas and independent refining and marketing companies. Virtually all of
the state-owned and major integrated oil companies and many of the independent producers and refiners that compete with the Company have substantially greater resources than Murphy. In addition, the oil industry as a whole competes with other
industries in supplying energy requirements around the world. Murphy competes, among other things, for valuable acreage positions, exploration licenses, drilling equipment and human resources. 

If Murphy cannot replace its oil and natural gas reserves, it will not be able to sustain or grow its business. 

Murphy continually depletes its oil and natural gas reserves as production occurs. In order to sustain and grow its business, the Company must
successfully replace the crude oil and natural gas it produces with additional reserves. Therefore, it must create and maintain a portfolio of good prospects for future reserve additions and production by obtaining rights to explore for, develop and
produce hydrocarbons in promising areas. In addition, it must find, develop and produce and/or purchase reserves at a competitive cost structure to be successful in the long-term. Murphy’s ability to operate profitably in the exploration and
production segments of its business, therefore, is dependent on its ability to find, develop and produce and/or purchase oil and natural gas reserves at costs that are less than the realized sales price for these products and at costs competitive
with competing companies in the industry. 

Murphy’s proved reserves are based on the professional judgment of its engineers and may be
subject to revision. 

Proved oil and natural gas reserves included in this report on pages F-46 and F-47 have been prepared by Company
personnel based on an unweighted average of oil and natural gas prices in effect at the beginning of each month in 2010 as well as other conditions and information available at the time the estimates were prepared. Estimation of reserves is a
subjective process that involves professional judgment by engineers about volumes to be recovered in future periods from underground crude oil and natural gas reservoirs. Estimates of economically recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves and
future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, and consequently, different engineers could arrive at different estimates of reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data and using industry
accepted engineering practices and scientific methods. Under existing Securities and Exchange Commission rules, reported proved reserves must be reasonably certain of recovery in future periods. 

Actual future crude oil and natural gas production may vary substantially from the reported quantity of our proved reserves due to a number of factors,
including: 

•

 Oil and natural gas prices which are materially different than prices used to compute proved reserves 

•

 Operating and/or capital costs which are materially different than those assumed to compute proved reserves 

•

 Future reservoir performance which is materially different from models used to compute proved reserves, and 

•

 Governmental regulations or actions which materially change operations of a field. 

12 

Table of Contents

The Company’s proved undeveloped reserves represent significant portions of total proved reserves. As
of December 31, 2010, approximately 19% of the Company’s proved oil reserves and 34% of proved natural gas reserves are undeveloped. The ability of the Company to reclassify these undeveloped proved reserves to the proved developed
classification is generally dependent on the successful completion of one or more operations, which might include further development drilling, construction of facilities or pipelines, and well workovers. 

The discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves should not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties.
As required by generally accepted accounting principles, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves are based on an unweighted average of the oil and natural gas prices in effect at the beginning of each month during the
year. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than those used in the reserves computations. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting
purposes under generally accepted accounting principles is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on our cost of capital and the risks associated with our business and the crude oil and natural gas business in general.

The volatility in the global prices of oil, natural gas and petroleum products significantly affects the Company’s operating results.

The most significant variables affecting the Company’s results of operations are the sales prices for crude oil, natural gas and
refined products that it produces. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil prices averaged about $80 per barrel in 2010, $62 per barrel in 2009 and $99 per barrel in 2008. The Company had overall record net income in 2008 due to high oil sales
prices. Earnings for the exploration and production business declined in 2009 from the prior year due to lower oil prices, and then rose in 2010 with higher oil prices compared to 2009. The Company’s net income is also significantly affected by
changes in the sales price of natural gas and margins on refining and marketing operations. The Company cannot predict how changes in the sales prices of oil and natural gas and changes in refining and marketing margins will affect its results of
operations in future periods. Except in limited cases, the Company typically does not seek to hedge any significant portion of its exposure to the effects of changing prices of crude oil, natural gas and refined products. Certain of the
Company’s crude oil production is heavy and more sour than WTI quality crude; therefore, this crude oil usually sells at a discount to WTI and other light and sweet crude oils. In addition, the sales prices for heavy and sour crude oils do not
always move in relation to price changes for WTI and lighter/sweeter crude oils. 

The results of exploration drilling can significantly
affect the Company’s operating results. 

The Company generally drills numerous wildcat wells each year which subjects its exploration
and production operating results to significant exposure to dry holes expense, which have adverse effects on, and create volatility for, the Company’s net income. In 2010, significant wildcat wells were primarily drilled offshore Malaysia,
Republic of the Congo and Suriname. The Company’s 2011 budget calls for wildcat drilling primarily onshore in Western Canada and Kurdistan, and in waters offshore Brunei, Republic of the Congo, Suriname and Indonesia. 

Capital financing may not always be available to fund Murphy’s activities. 

Murphy usually must spend and risk a significant amount of capital to find and develop reserves before revenue is generated from production. Although most capital needs are funded from operating cash
flow, the timing of cash flows from operations and capital funding needs may not always coincide, and the levels of cash flow may not fully cover capital funding requirements. Therefore, the Company maintains financing arrangements with lending
institutions to meet certain funding needs. The Company must periodically renew these financing arrangements based on foreseeable financing needs or as they expire. The Company’s primary bank financing facility expires in June 2012. Although
not considered likely, there is the possibility that financing arrangements may not always be available at sufficient levels required to fund the Company’s activities in future periods. The Company has a shelf registration statement on file
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that permits the offer and sale of debt and/or equity securities through September 2012. Outstanding notes of $350 million mature in April 2012. Although not considered likely, the Company may not be
able in the future to sell notes at reasonable rates in the marketplace. 

Murphy has limited or virtually no control over several factors
that could adversely affect the Company. 

The ability of the Company to successfully manage development and operating costs is important
because virtually all of the products it sells are energy commodities such as crude oil, natural gas and refined products, for which the Company has little or no influence on the sales prices or regional and worldwide consumer demand for these
products. An economic slowdown in late 2008 and 2009 had a detrimental effect on the worldwide demand for these energy commodities, which effectively led to reduced prices for oil, natural gas and refined products. Lower prices for crude oil and
natural gas inevitably led to lower earnings in the Company’s exploration and production operations. Murphy is a net purchaser of 

13 

Table of Contents

crude oil and other refinery feedstocks, and also purchases refined products, particularly gasoline, needed to supply its retail marketing stations. Therefore, its most significant costs are
subject to volatility of prices for these commodities. The Company also often experiences pressure on its operating and capital expenditures in periods of strong crude oil, natural gas and refined product prices because an increase in exploration
and production activities due to high oil and gas sales prices generally leads to higher demand for, and consequently higher costs for, goods and services in the oil and gas industry. 

Many of the Company’s major oil and natural gas producing properties are operated by others. During 2010, approximately 20% of the Company’s total production was at fields operated by others,
while at December 31, 2010, approximately 42% of the Company’s total proved reserves were at fields operated by others. Therefore, Murphy does not fully control all activities at certain of its significant revenue generating properties.

The operations and earnings of Murphy have been and will continue to be affected by worldwide political developments. 

Many governments, including those that are members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), unilaterally intervene at times in the
orderly market of crude oil and natural gas produced in their countries through such actions as setting prices, determining rates of production, and controlling who may buy and sell the production. As of December 31, 2010, approximately 40% of
proved reserves, as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, were located in countries other than the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Certain of the reserves held outside these three countries could be considered to have more political
risk. In addition, prices and availability of crude oil, natural gas and refined products could be influenced by political unrest and by various governmental policies to restrict or increase petroleum usage and supply. Other governmental actions
that could affect Murphy’s operations and earnings include tax changes, royalty increases and regulations concerning: currency fluctuations, protection and remediation of the environment (See the caption “Environmental Matters”
beginning on page 33 of this Form 10-K report for additional discussion of this risk), preferential and discriminatory awarding of oil and gas leases, restrictions on drilling and/or production, restraints and controls on imports and exports,
safety, and relationships between employers and employees. Because these and other factors too numerous to list are subject to changes caused by governmental and political considerations and are often made in response to changing internal and
worldwide economic conditions and to actions of other governments or specific events, it is not practical to attempt to predict the effects of such factors on Murphy’s future operations and earnings. 

Murphy’s business is subject to operational hazards and risks normally associated with the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas
and the refining and marketing of crude oil and petroleum products. 

The Company operates in urban and remote, and often inhospitable,
areas around the world. The occurrence of an event, including but not limited to acts of nature such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and other forms of severe weather, and mechanical equipment failures, industrial accidents, fires, explosions,
acts of war and intentional terrorist attacks could result in the loss of hydrocarbons and associated revenues, environmental pollution or contamination, and personal injury, including death, for which the Company could be deemed to be liable, and
which could subject the Company to substantial fines and/or claims for punitive damages. 

In April 2010, a drilling accident and subsequent
oil spill occurred in the Gulf of Mexico at the Macondo well owned by other companies. In May 2010, the U.S. President placed a temporary moratorium on new drilling in the Gulf of Mexico that forced the Company to defer planned exploration drilling
in the Gulf of Mexico, and to renegotiate a drilling contract to move a deepwater drilling rig to Republic of the Congo. Further impacts of the accident and oil spill include added delays in deepwater Gulf of Mexico drilling activities, and
additional future regulations covering offshore drilling operations, plus expected higher costs for future drilling operations and offshore insurance. The restrictions associated with drilling and similar operations in the Gulf of Mexico are
expected to have an adverse affect on the Company’s, and likely many other companies’, volume of oil and natural gas production in this area. 

The location of many of Murphy’s key assets causes the Company to be vulnerable to severe weather, including hurricanes and tropical storms. A number of significant oil and natural gas fields lie in
offshore waters around the world. Probably the most vulnerable of the Company’s offshore fields are in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, where severe hurricanes and tropical storms have often led to shutdowns and damages. The U.S. hurricane season runs
from June through November, but the most severe storm activities usually occur in late summer, such as with Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005. Additionally, the Company’s largest refinery is located about 10 miles southeast of New Orleans,
Louisiana. In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina passed near the refinery causing major flooding and significant wind damage. The gradual loss of coastal wetlands in southeast Louisiana increases the risk of future flooding should storms such as Katrina
recur. Other assets such as gasoline terminals and certain retail gasoline stations also lie near the Gulf of Mexico 

14 

Table of Contents

coastlines and are vulnerable to storm damages. During the repairs at Meraux following Hurricane Katrina, the refinery took steps to try to reduce the potential for damages from future storms of
similar magnitude. For example, certain key equipment such as motors and pumps were raised above ground level when feasible. These steps may somewhat reduce the damages associated with high winds and flooding that could occur with a future storm
similar in strength to Katrina, but the risks from such a storm are not eliminated. Although the Company also maintains insurance for such risks as described below, due to policy deductibles and possible coverage limits, weather-related risks are
not fully insured. 

There can be no assurance that Murphy’s insurance will be adequate to offset costs associated with certain events
or that insurance coverage will continue to be available in the future on terms that justify its purchase. 

Murphy maintains insurance
against certain, but not all, hazards that could arise from its operations. The Company maintains liability insurance sufficient to cover its share of gross insured claim costs up to approximately $775 million per occurrence and in the annual
aggregate. These policies have up to $10 million in deductibles. Generally, this insurance covers various types of claims including those related to personal injury, death, property damage, loss of use and cleanup of hazardous materials discharged
into the environment due to a “sudden and accidental” event. The Company also maintains insurance coverage with an additional limit of $250 million per occurrence ($600 million for Gulf of Mexico operations not related to a named
windstorm), all or part of which could be applicable to certain sudden and accidental pollution events. The occurrence of an event that is not insured or not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations in the future. During 2005, damages from hurricanes caused a temporary shut-down of certain U.S. oil and gas production operations as well as the Meraux, Louisiana, refinery. The Company repaired the Meraux
refinery and it restarted operations in mid-2006, but the Company did not fully recover repair costs incurred at Meraux under its insurance policies. Damages incurred by the Company from 2008 hurricanes did not exceed deductible limits under the
insurance policies. See Notes P and R in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Lawsuits against Murphy and its
subsidiaries could adversely affect its operating results. 

The Company is involved in numerous lawsuits seeking cash settlements for
alleged personal injuries, property damages and other business-related matters. The most significant of these matters are addressed in more detail in Item 3 beginning on page 16 of this Form 10-K report. 

The Company is exposed to credit risks associated with sales of certain of its products to third parties. 

Although Murphy limits its credit risk by selling its products to numerous entities worldwide, it still, at times, carries substantial credit risk from
its customers. For certain oil and gas properties operated by the Company, other companies which own partial interests may not be able to meet their financial obligation to pay for their share of capital and operating costs as they come due.

The costs and funding requirements related to the Company’s retirement plans are affected by several factors. 

A number of actuarial assumptions impact funding requirements for the Company’s retirement plans. The most significant of these assumptions include
return on assets, long-term interest rates and mortality. If the actual results for the plans vary significantly from the actuarial assumptions used, or if laws regulating such retirement plans are changed, Murphy could be required to make
significant funding payments to one or more of its retirement plans in the future and/or it could be required to record a larger liability for future obligations in its Consolidated Balance Sheet.