Competition 

Murphy operates in the oil and gas industry and experiences intense competition from other oil and gas companies, which include state-owned foreign oil companies, major integrated oil companies, independent producers
of oil and natural gas and independent refining companies. Virtually all of the state-owned and major integrated oil companies and many of the independent producers and refiners that compete with the Company have substantially greater resources than
Murphy. In addition, the oil industry as a whole competes with other industries in supplying energy requirements around the world. Murphy competes, among other things, for valuable acreage positions, exploration licenses, drilling equipment and
human resources. 

Reserve Replacement 

Murphy
continually depletes its reserves as production occurs. In order to sustain and grow its business, the Company must successfully replace the crude oil and natural gas it produces with additional reserves. Therefore, it must create and maintain a
portfolio of good prospects for future reserve additions and production by obtaining rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons in promising areas. In addition, it must drill, develop and produce reserves found at a competitive cost
structure to be successful in the long-term. Murphy’s ability to operate profitably in the exploration and production segments of its business, therefore, is dependent on its ability to find, develop and produce and/or purchase oil and natural
gas reserves at costs that are less than the realized sales price for these products and at costs competitive with competing companies in the industry. 

Price Volatility 

The most significant variables affecting the Company’s results of operations are the sales prices for crude oil,
natural gas and refined products that it produces. The Company’s income in 2005 was favorably affected by higher oil and natural gas prices; if these prices decline significantly in 2006 or future years, the Company’s results of operations
would be negatively impacted. Except in limited cases, the Company typically does not seek to hedge any significant portion of its exposure to the effects of changing prices of crude oil, natural gas and refined products. Certain of the
Company’s crude oil production is heavy and more sour than West Texas Intermediate (WTI) quality crude; therefore, this crude oil usually sells at a discount to WTI and other light and sweet crude oils. In addition, the sales prices for heavy
and sour crude oils do not always move in relation to price changes for WTI and lighter/sweeter crude oils. 

7 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Dry Hole Exposure 

The Company drills numerous wildcat wells each year which subjects its operating results to significant exposure to dry holes expense, which have adverse effects on, and create volatility for, the Company’s net income. In 2005, these
wildcat wells were primarily drilled offshore Malaysia, the Republic of Congo and in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 

Capital Financing 

Murphy usually must spend and risk a significant amount of capital to find and develop reserves prior to the time revenue is generated from production. Although most
capital needs are funded from operating cash flow, the timing of cash flows from operations and capital funding needs may not always coincide. Therefore, the Company maintains financing arrangements with lending institutions to meet certain funding
needs. The Company must periodically renew these financing arrangements, and therefore, these arrangements may not always be available at sufficient levels required to fund the Company’s development activities. 

Limited Control 

The ability of the Company to successfully manage
operating costs is important because virtually all of the products it sells are energy commodities such as crude oil, natural gas and refined products, for which the Company often has little or no influence on the sales prices for these products.
Murphy is a net purchaser of crude oil and other refinery feedstocks, and also purchases refined products, particularly gasoline, needed to supply its retail marketing stations located at Wal-Mart Supercenters. Therefore, its most significant costs
are subject to volatility of prices for these commodities. The Company also often experiences pressure on its operating and capital expenditures in periods of strong oil, natural gas and refined product prices such as those experienced in 2005
because an increase in exploration and production activities due to higher oil and gas sales prices generally leads to higher demand for, and consequently higher costs for, goods and services in the oil and gas industry. 

Most of the Company’s major producing properties are operated by others. In addition, Murphy derives a significant portion of its U.S. revenue at Company-owned and
operated gasoline stations located on properties leased from Wal-Mart. Therefore, Murphy does not fully control all activities at certain of its significant, revenue generating properties. 

Credit Exposure 

Although Murphy limits its credit risk by selling
its products to numerous entities worldwide, it still, at times, carries substantial credit risk from its customers. For certain oil and gas properties operated by the Company, other companies which own partial interests may not be able to meet
their financial obligation to pay for their share of capital and operating costs as they come due. 

Outside Forces 

The operations and earnings of Murphy have been and will continue to be affected by worldwide political developments. Many governments, including those that are members
of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), unilaterally intervene at times in the orderly market of crude oil and natural gas produced in their countries through such actions as setting prices, determining rates of production, and
controlling who may buy and sell the production. As of December 31, 2005, approximately 35% of proved oil reserves, as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, were located in countries other than the U.S., Canada and U.K.
Certain of the reserves held outside these three countries could be considered to have more political risk. In addition, prices and availability of crude oil, natural gas and refined products could be influenced by political unrest and by various
governmental policies to restrict or increase petroleum usage and supply. Other governmental actions that could affect Murphy’s operations and earnings include tax changes and regulations concerning: currency fluctuations, protection and
remediation of the environment (See the caption “Environmental” beginning on page 22 of this Form 10-K report), preferential and discriminatory awarding of oil and gas leases, restrictions on drilling and/or production, restraints and
controls on imports and exports, safety, and relationships between employers and employees. Because these and other factors too numerous to list are subject to changes caused by governmental and political considerations and are often made in
response to changing internal and worldwide economic conditions and to actions of other governments or specific events, it is not practical to attempt to predict the effects of such factors on Murphy’s future operations and earnings.

Industry Risks 

Murphy’s business is subject to
operational hazards and risks normally associated with the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas and the refining and marketing of crude oil and petroleum products. The Company operates in urban and remote, and often inhospitable,
areas around the world. The occurrence of an event, including but not limited to acts of nature such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and other forms of severe weather, and mechanical equipment failures, industrial accidents, fires, explosions,
and intentional attacks could result in the loss of hydrocarbons and associated revenues, environmental pollution or contamination, and personal injury, including death, for which the Company could be deemed to be liable, and which could subject the
Company to substantial fines and/or claims for punitive damages. 

Insurance 

Murphy maintains insurance against certain, but not all, hazards that could arise from its operations, and such insurance is believed to be reasonable for the hazards and risks faced by the Company. As of
December 31, 2005, the Company maintained total excess liability insurance with limits of $750 million per occurrence covering certain general liability and certain “sudden and accidental” environmental risks. The 

8 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Company also maintained insurance coverage with an additional limit of $250 million per occurrence, all or part of which
could be applicable to certain sudden and accidental pollution events. There can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to offset costs associated with certain events or that insurance coverage will continue to be available in the
future on terms that justify its purchase. The occurrence of an event that is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations in the future. During 2005, damages from
hurricanes caused shut-down of certain U.S. oil and gas production operations as well as the Meraux, Louisiana refinery. At year-end 2005, the Company was in the process of repairing the Meraux refinery. The Company does not expect to fully recover
repair costs incurred at Meraux in 2006 under its insurance policies. See Note O in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Litigation 

The Company is involved in lawsuits seeking cash settlements for alleged personal injuries, property damages and other
business-related matters. These matters are addressed in more detail in Item 3 on page 10 of this Form 10-K report. 

Retirement Plans

A number of actuarial assumptions significantly impact funding requirements for the Company’s retirement plans. Such assumptions include return on
assets, mortality, long-term interest rates, etc. If the actual results for the plans vary significantly from the actuarial assumptions used, Murphy could be required to make large funding payments to one or more of its retirement plans in the
future.