Risks relating to our business 

U.S. and global economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of
some or all of our businesses. 

Concerns regarding adverse consumer and business confidence, the availability and cost of
credit, reduced consumer spending and business investment, the volatility and strength of the capital and credit markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, the profitability of our business. In an
economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our products is adversely affected. Adverse changes in the U.S. or global
economy could negatively affect earnings and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. In a challenging and uncertain economic environment, we cannot predict whether or when such
circumstances may occur, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Conditions in the global capital and credit markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position and we do not expect these
conditions to improve in the near future. 

Our results of operations and financial position could be materially affected by
adverse changes in the global capital and credit markets and the economy generally, including declines in consumer and business confidence and spending, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world. Conditions in the capital and credit markets
and the effects of declines in consumer and business confidence and spending may adversely impact the ability of our lenders, suppliers and customers to conduct their business activities. The consequences of such adverse effects could include the
interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers or other
creditors. 

While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk, there can be no assurance such procedures
will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions which can significantly impact operating results and cash flows. 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions that can significantly influence the demand for certain of the company’s products, as well as the pricing we can
obtain for these products. The company’s paperboard business is particularly subject to cyclical market conditions. The company may be unable to sustain pricing in the face of weaker demand, and weaker demand may in turn cause us to take
production downtime. In addition to lost revenue from lower shipment volumes, production downtime causes unabsorbed fixed manufacturing costs due to lower production levels. As a result, the company’s results of operations and cash flows may be
materially impacted in a period of prolonged and significant market weakness. Moreover, the company is not able to predict market conditions or its ability to sustain pricing and production levels during periods of weak demand with any degree of
certainty. Market conditions may also impact the company’s ability to achieve its planned or announced price increases. 

The
company’s businesses are subject to significant cost pressures. Pricing volatility and our ability to pass higher costs on to our customers through price increases or other adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions.

The pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our businesses continues to be challenging and volatile.
Additionally, energy costs remain volatile and unpredictable. 

5 

Table of Contents

Further unpredictable increases in the cost of raw materials or energy may materially impact
our results of operations. Depending on market forces and the terms of customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. 

Certain of the company’s consumer packaging converting businesses are affected by consumer behavior and new technology which can significantly impact operating results and cash flows.

Changes in consumer behavior and technology for the distribution of consumer products, such as music and video
entertainment, can, and is having a dramatic impact on the demand for packaging products produced by the company’s packaging converting businesses. 

The company faces intense competition in each of its businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we cannot successfully compete in an increasingly
global market place, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

The company operates in competitive domestic and
international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive manufacturers and service providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower cost
manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. In addition, there is a risk that growth in paperboard capacity could outpace demand. All of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and demand pressures, which could adversely affect the
company’s operating results. 

A key component of the company’s competitive position is MeadWestvaco’s ability
to manage expenses successfully. This requires continuous management focus on reducing and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our asset portfolio. 

The company’s operations are increasingly global in nature, particularly in our consumer packaging businesses. Our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other factors related to our international operations.

Approximately 46% of the company’s annual revenues in 2009 were derived from export sales and sales from locations
outside the U.S. As our international operations and activities expand, we face increasing exposure to the risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore
the demand for our products in a particular market. 

•

 Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as
anti-dumping proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 

•

 Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial
performance. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. 

6 

Table of Contents

The company continues to realign and restructure its packaging converting businesses. Although the
company believes that it will implement and manage the reorganization effectively to achieve substantial savings for the company, these major changes have attendant inherent risks, including the potential for disruption in our packaging businesses
and operations as we implement the realignment. 

The company’s packaging businesses continue to be transitioned into a
focused end market facing commercial organization. The company’s leadership expects to successfully and seamlessly manage these transitions. However, any major reorganization presents challenges and it is possible that there could be
disruptions in our business and operations during the transition period. Disruptions in production, quality control, customer service and innovation, as well as in other aspects of our operations, could negatively impact our results of operations.

The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is involved in various legal
proceedings related to the environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. The company
has been focused for some time on improving energy efficiency which also reduces its emissions of carbon dioxide. In recent years, acting unilaterally, the company reduced its carbon dioxide emissions even as overall production has increased. Since
2000, MWV reduced the annual emissions at its three currently operating U.S. integrated mills by over 475,000 metric tons. In 2008, total direct emissions from the company’s U.S. manufacturing facilities were 2,377,000 metric tons. In 2008,
total indirect emissions from purchased electric power consumed at its U.S. manufacturing facilities were 902,000 metric tons. Indirect emissions in 2008 resulting from transportation are estimated to have been 300,000 metric tons (the bulk of these
emissions are related to transportation by third parties of raw materials and finished goods) from the company’s U.S. manufacturing facilities. Data analysis for 2009 has not been developed at this time. The company is committed to obtaining
additional reductions in these emissions as the efficient use of various forms of energy is enhanced. MWV’s emissions are calculated using the WRI/WBCSD (World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development) guidance for
reporting greenhouse gas emissions. 

Legislation recently approved by the House of Representatives would, over time, require
sweeping reductions of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Although substantial allowances would be provided to energy intensive industries in the early years of this program, the adverse economic impact on certain of the company’s
more energy intensive operations could increase substantially in future decades, especially for those most dependent on coal. The possibility of ever increasing, and ever more uncertain, energy costs may influence the company’s investment
decisions regarding certain of its energy intensive operations, should such legislation be enacted. Key variables include, but are not limited to, the cost, and the relative predictability of the cost, of any required emissions permits; the
availability and affordability of alternative, lower carbon, energy sources; the regulatory treatment of biomass as a fuel source for the forest products industry and other industries; the recognition given to emissions reductions already achieved;
the future cost of energy generally and its overall impact on the economy; and the degree to which new regulatory requirements would also be borne by the company’s international competitors. The company has communicated its concerns about
provisions of the pending legislation to members of Congress. 

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has announced its
intention to adopt new air emission regulations covering greenhouse gas emissions, new emission standards for industrial boilers and establishment of more stringent ambient air quality standards. Changes in environmental laws and regulations, or
their application, could subject the company to significant additional capital expenditures and operating expenses in future years. However, any such changes are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty
the amount of additional capital expenditures or operating expenses that could be necessary for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

7 

Table of Contents

The company is also subject to various environmental proceedings and may be subject to
additional proceedings in the future. In the case of known potential liabilities, it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s
consolidated financial condition or liquidity. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material effect on the results of operations. The company could also be subject to new environmental
proceedings which could cause the company to incur substantial additional costs with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Additional information regarding environmental proceedings involving MeadWestvaco is set forth in Part I, Item 3. 

Material
disruptions at one of our manufacturing facilities could negatively impact our financial results. 

We believe we operate
our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material operational disruption in one of our major facilities could negatively impact production and our
financial results. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events including but not limited to a major equipment failure, labor stoppages, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials, severe weather
conditions, and disruptions in utility services. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive and economically cyclical. 

The company engages in value-added real estate development activities, including obtaining entitlements and establishing joint ventures
and other development-related arrangements. Many of our competitors in this industry have greater resources and experience in real estate development than we have currently. In addition, our ability to execute our plans to divest or otherwise
realize the greater value associated with our landholdings may be affected by the following factors, among others: 

•

 General economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates. 

•

 Local real estate market conditions, including competition from sellers of land and real estate developers. 

•

 Impact of federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting land use, land use entitlements, land protection and zoning.

Changes in tax laws may have a material effect on our future cash flows and results of operations. 

Changes in business tax laws being proposed by the President relating to domestic and international taxation could subject the company to
significant additional taxes. Future changes in U.S. and foreign tax provisions are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional tax expense the company would incur.