Risks Relating to Our Business 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions which can
significantly impact operating results and cash flows. 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions that can
significantly influence the demand for the company’s products, as well as the pricing we can obtain for our products. The company’s paperboard business is particularly subject to cyclical market conditions. The company may be unable to
sustain pricing in the face of weaker demand, and weaker demand may in turn cause us to take production downtime, particularly at our paperboard facilities. In addition to lost revenue from lower shipment volumes, production downtime causes
unabsorbed fixed manufacturing costs due to lower production levels. As a result, the company’s results of operations and cash flows may be materially impacted in a period of prolonged and significant market weakness. Moreover, the company is
not able to predict market conditions or its ability to sustain pricing and production levels during periods of weak demand with any degree of certainty. Market conditions will also impact the company’s ability to achieve its planned or
announced price increases. 

The company’s businesses are subject to significant cost pressures. Our ability to pass these higher costs on to our
customers through price increases or other adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions. 

The pricing environment for raw materials used
in a number of our businesses continues to be challenging, as suppliers of certain raw materials have implemented price increases. Additionally, energy costs have risen significantly and remain volatile and unpredictable. 

Further increases in the cost of raw materials or energy may materially impact our results of operations as depending on market forces and the terms of customer
contracts, our ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. 

The company faces intense competition in each of its
businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we can not successfully compete in an increasingly global market place, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

The company operates in competitive domestic and international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive manufacturers and service
providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. In addition, there is a risk that growth in paperboard capacity could outpace demand. All
of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and demand pressures, adversely affecting the company’s operating results. 

5 

Table of Contents

The company’s operations are increasingly global in nature, particularly in our consumer packaging businesses.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in exchange rates and other factors related to our
international operations. 

Approximately 40% of the company’s annual revenues in 2005 were derived from locations outside of North America. As our
international operations and activities expand, we face increasing exposure to the risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore the demand for our products
in a particular market. 

•

Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as anti-dumping proceedings) and other
measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 

•

Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such
occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. 

The company has recently announced a plan to
realign its packaging businesses, to establish a new packaging innovation research center and to move its corporate operations and key administrative functions into a new headquarters in Richmond, Virginia. In addition, the company is establishing a
new Global Business Services function, which will include many of the company’s internal services operations, including shared services for HR, finance, procurement, logistics and information technology. Although the company is engaged in
intensive planning as it implements these actions and believes that it will manage the reorganization effectively to achieve substantial savings for the company, these major changes have attendant inherent risks, including: 

•

The potential for disruption in our businesses and operations as we implement the realignment of our existing packaging businesses and centralize our packaging innovation
activities in a new central location 

The company’s six divisions in its Packaging segment are being transitioned
into two focused packaging groups, to be located at the new headquarters. Additionally, the company’s packaging innovation activities are being moved to a new centralized location. The company’s leadership is engaged in intensive planning
and expects to successfully and seamlessly manage these transitions. However, any major reorganization presents challenges and it is possible that there could be disruptions in our business and operations during the transition period. The relocation
of employees to the new headquarters, with associated issues relating to retention, may increase the potential for disruption. Disruptions in production, quality control, customer service and innovation, as well as in other aspects of our
operations, could negatively impact our results of operations. 

6 

Table of Contents

•

The potential that the significant changes being implemented could result in weakness or deficiencies in the company’s internal controls and procedures

Effective internal controls are necessary for the company to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud
and effectively manage our operations. The significant changes being implemented in our businesses, and in particular, our corporate support functions, may require the implementation of new internal controls and changes in existing internal
controls. Any failure to implement new or improved controls, if warranted, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, or failure to make appropriate changes to controls, could harm the reporting of our operating results or cause us to fail
to meet our reporting obligations. 

The company has announced a G&A Cost Reduction Initiative. If we fail to fully execute on this initiative, we
may not fully realize all the improvements we have publicly announced. 

In the second quarter of 2005, the company announced a cost initiative with the
goal of achieving $175 million to $200 million of cost reductions, pre-tax and before inflation, on an annual run rate basis by the end of 2007. This initiative is described more fully in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Although we believe that these results are reasonable and achievable, if we do not fully achieve these goals within the expected time frame, or at all, we may not fully realize the
improvements we expect in our operating earnings and cash flows. 

The company has engaged a third party to provide certain information technology
services, and will be dependent on this third party for performance of these services which were previously performed by our employees. 

Beginning in
the second quarter of 2006, the company will start to rely on a third-party provider to provide certain information technology services, including helpdesk support, desktop application services, server and storage administration, data center
operations, database administration, and voice, video and remote access. Although we believe that we have prudently planned for unforeseen matters, we cannot guarantee that that our outside provider will fulfill its responsibilities in a timely
manner and in accordance with the contract terms. Our internal operations including the ordering and shipment of our products to our customers could be adversely affected by failures in performance. 

The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is involved in various legal proceedings related to the
environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The
company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. Changes in environmental laws and regulation, or their application, could subject the company to significant additional
capital expenditures and operating expenses. However, any such changes are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional capital expenditures or operating expenses that could be
necessary for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

The company is also subject to various environmental proceedings and may be subject to
additional proceedings in the future. In the case of known potential liabilities, it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the 

7 

Table of Contents

company’s consolidated financial condition or liquidity. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have
a material effect on the results of operations. The company could also be subject to new environmental proceedings which could cause the company to incur substantial additional costs with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Additional matters involving environmental proceedings for MeadWestvaco are set forth in Part I, Item 3, “Legal proceedings.”