Risks relating to our
business 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions which can significantly impact operating results and
cash flows. 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions that can significantly influence the demand for
certain of the company’s products, as well as the pricing we can obtain for these products. The company’s paperboard business is particularly subject to cyclical market conditions. The company may be unable to sustain pricing in the face
of weaker demand, and weaker demand may in turn cause us to take production downtime, particularly at our paperboard facilities. In addition to lost revenue from lower shipment volumes, production downtime causes unabsorbed fixed manufacturing costs
due to lower production levels. As a result, the company’s results of operations and cash flows may be materially impacted in a period of prolonged and significant market weakness. Moreover, the company is not able to predict market conditions
or its ability to sustain pricing and production levels during periods of weak demand with any degree of certainty. Market conditions will also impact the company’s ability to achieve its planned or announced price increases. 

The company’s businesses are subject to significant cost pressures. Our ability to pass higher costs on to our customers through price increases or other
adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions. 

The pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our businesses continues to
be challenging, as suppliers of certain raw materials have implemented price increases. Additionally, energy costs have risen significantly and remain volatile and unpredictable. 

Further increases in the cost of raw materials or energy may materially impact our results of operations as depending on market forces and the terms of customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs through
increased pricing may be limited. 

Certain of the company’s consumer packaging converting businesses are affected by new technology which can
significantly impact operating results and cash flows. 

5 

Table of Contents

Changes in technology for the distribution of consumer products, such as music and video entertainment, can have a
dramatic impact on the demand for packaging products produced by the company’s packaging converting businesses. 

The company faces intense
competition in each of its businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we can not successfully compete in an increasingly global market place, our operating results may be adversely affected.

The company operates in competitive domestic and international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive
manufacturers and service providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. In addition, there is a risk that growth in paperboard capacity
could outpace demand. All of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and demand pressures, adversely affecting the company’s operating results. 

The company’s operations are increasingly global in nature, particularly in our consumer packaging businesses. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic
conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in exchange rates and other factors related to our international operations. 

Approximately 42% of the company’s annual revenues in 2006 were derived from export sales and sales from locations outside of North America. As our international operations and activities expand, we face increasing exposure to the
risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore the demand
for our products in a particular market. 

•

 Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as anti-dumping
proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 

•

 Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such
occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. 

The company has recently announced a plan to
realign and restructure its consumer packaging converting businesses. Although the company is engaged in intensive planning as it implements these actions and believes that it will manage the reorganization effectively to achieve substantial savings
for the company, these major changes have attendant inherent risks, including the potential for disruption in our packaging converting businesses and operations as we implement the realignment. 

The company’s consumer packaging converting businesses are being transitioned into a focused consumer packaging converting group. The company’s leadership is
engaged in intensive planning and expects to successfully and seamlessly manage these 

6 

Table of Contents

transitions. However, any major reorganization presents challenges and it is possible that there could be disruptions in our business and operations during
the transition period. Disruptions in production, quality control, customer service and innovation, as well as in other aspects of our operations, such as internal controls, could negatively impact our results of operations. 

The company has announced a Cost Reduction Initiative. If we fail to fully execute on this initiative, we may not fully realize all the improvements we have publicly
announced. 

In the second quarter of 2005, the company announced a cost reduction initiative with the goal of achieving $175 million to $200 million of
cost reductions, pre-tax and before inflation, on an annual run rate basis by the end of 2007. The company now anticipates achieving cumulative run-rate savings of $175 million to $185 million by the end of 2007 with the balance expected in 2008;
however, we will look for every opportunity to pull forward more savings into 2007. This initiative is described more fully in Part II, Item 7. Although we believe that these results are reasonable and achievable, if we do not fully achieve
these goals within the expected time frame, or at all, we may not fully realize the improvements we expect in our operating earnings and cash flows. 

The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is involved in various legal proceedings related to the environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential
for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and
industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. Changes in environmental laws and regulation, or their application, could subject the company to significant additional capital expenditures and operating expenses. However, any such changes are
uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional capital expenditures or operating expenses that could be necessary for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

The company is also subject to various environmental proceedings and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. In the case of known potential liabilities,
it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial condition or liquidity. In any given period or periods,
however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material effect on the results of operations. The company could also be subject to new environmental proceedings which could cause the company to incur substantial additional costs
with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Additional information regarding environmental proceedings involving MeadWestvaco are set forth in Part I,
Item 3. 

Our business could be adversely affected by strikes or work stoppages and other labor issues. 

Approximately one-third of our employees are represented by various labor unions under collective bargaining agreements. The company engages in negotiations with labor
unions for new collective bargaining agreements from time to time. If we are unable to negotiate new agreements without work stoppages, it could negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect results of operations.