Risks relating to our business 

U.S.
and global economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. 

Concerns regarding
adverse consumer and business confidence, the availability and cost of credit, reduced consumer spending and business investment, the volatility and strength of the capital and credit markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic
environment and, ultimately, the profitability of our business. In an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our products is adversely
affected. Adverse changes in the U.S., Europe or global economy could negatively affect earnings and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. In a challenging and uncertain
economic environment, we cannot predict whether or when such circumstances may occur, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Conditions in the global capital and credit markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial position. 

Our results of operations and financial position could be materially affected by adverse changes in the global
capital and credit markets and the economy generally, including declines in consumer and business confidence and spending, both in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the world. Conditions in the capital and credit markets and the effects of
declines in consumer and business confidence and spending may adversely impact the ability of our suppliers and customers to conduct their business activities. The consequences of such adverse effects could include the interruption of production at
the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers or other related parties. 

While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk
and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

The company’s businesses are subject to
significant cost pressures. Pricing volatility and our ability to pass higher costs on to our customers through price increases or other adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions and may materially impact our results of operations.

The pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our businesses continues to be challenging and volatile. Additionally,
energy costs remain volatile and unpredictable. Further unpredictable increases in the cost of raw materials, energy or freight may materially impact our results of operations. Depending on market forces and the terms of customer contracts, our
ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. 

The company faces intense competition in each of its businesses,
and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we cannot successfully compete in an increasingly global market place, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The company operates in competitive domestic and international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive
manufacturers and service providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. All of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and
demand pressures, which could adversely affect the company’s operating results. 

5 

Table of Contents

A key component of the company’s competitive position is MeadWestvaco’s ability to both innovate
and manage expenses successfully. This requires continuous management focus on producing new and innovative products and solutions and reducing and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our
asset portfolio. 

The company’s operations are increasingly global in nature. Our business, financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other factors related to our international operations. 

For the year ended December 31, 2011, sales attributable to foreign operations were approximately 34% of total sales of which approximately 14% were
generated by our operations in Europe and 2% were export sales to Europe. In addition, we are currently engaged in a substantial expansion of our corrugated packaging operations in Brazil as well as expanding our participation in other emerging
markets, including China and India. As our international operations and activities expand, we face increasing exposure to the risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

 Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

•

 Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as
anti-dumping proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 

•

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore
the demand for our products in a particular market 

These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our
products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. 

The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is involved in various legal proceedings related
to the environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. The company has been focused for some time on improving energy efficiency
which also reduces its emissions of carbon dioxide. In recent years, acting unilaterally, the company reduced its carbon dioxide emissions even as overall production has increased. Since 2000, MWV reduced the annual direct emissions at its
continuing major U.S. manufacturing facilities by approximately 300,000 metric tons. In 2010, total direct emissions from the company’s major U.S. manufacturing facilities were 2,149,000 metric tons. In 2010, total indirect emissions from
purchased electric power and steam consumed at its major U.S. manufacturing facilities were 472,000 metric tons. Indirect emissions in 2010 resulting from transportation are estimated to have been 565,000 metric tons (the bulk of these emissions are
related to transportation by third parties of raw materials and finished goods) from the company’s U.S. manufacturing facilities. Data analysis for 2011 has not been developed at this time. The company is committed to obtaining additional
reductions in these emissions as the efficient use of various forms of energy is enhanced. MWV’s emissions are calculated using the US EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program protocols for direct greenhouse gas emissions and the WRI/WBCSD (World
Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development) guidance for reporting indirect greenhouse gas emissions. 

6 

Table of Contents

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has announced, proposed or finalized numerous air emission
regulations covering greenhouse gas emissions, new emission standards for industrial boilers and establishment of more stringent ambient air quality standards. Changes in environmental laws and regulations, or their application, could subject the
company to significant additional capital expenditures and operating expenses in future years. However, any such changes are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional capital
expenditures or operating expenses that could be necessary for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

The company is also subject to
various environmental proceedings and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. In the case of known potential liabilities, it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to
have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial condition or liquidity. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material effect on the results of operations. The
company could also be subject to new environmental proceedings which could cause the company to incur substantial additional costs with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Material disruptions at one of our major manufacturing facilities could negatively impact our financial results. 

We believe we operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material operational disruption in one
of our major facilities could negatively impact production and our financial results. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events including but not limited to a major equipment failure, labor stoppages, transportation failures
affecting the supply and shipment of materials, severe weather conditions and disruptions in utility services. 

The real estate industry is
highly competitive and economically cyclical. 

The company engages in value-added real estate development activities, including obtaining
entitlements and establishing joint ventures and other development-related arrangements. Many of our competitors in this industry have greater resources and experience in real estate development than we have currently. In addition, our ability to
execute our plans to divest or otherwise realize the greater value associated with our landholdings may be affected by the following factors, among others: 

•

 General economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates. 

•

 Local real estate market conditions, including competition from sellers of land and real estate developers. 

•

 Impact of federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting land use, land use entitlements, land protection and zoning.