Risks relating to our business 

U.S. and global
economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. 

Consumer and business confidence, the
availability and cost of credit, consumer spending and business investment, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, the profitability of our business. In an
economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our products would be adversely affected. Adverse developments in the U.S., Europe or emerging
markets, including Brazil, China and India, could negatively affect earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Such adverse effects could include the interruption of
production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers or other related parties. While
we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In a challenging
and uncertain economic environment, we cannot predict whether or when such adverse economic circumstances may occur, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 

The company has announced a margin improvement program. If we fail to execute fully on this initiative, we may not realize all the improvements we have
publicly announced. 

In January of 2014, the company announced a program to generate increased earnings and cash flow. The program is expected to
deliver annual pre-tax cost savings of $100 million to $125 million by the end of 2015, with at least $75 million expected to be realized in 2014. This initiative is described more fully in Part II, Item 7. Management is committed to achieving
these goals and believes they are attainable. The company’s degree of success in attaining these objectives will affect its operating earnings and cash flow. 

The company’s businesses are subject to significant cost pressures. Pricing volatility and our ability to pass higher costs on to our customers
through price increases or other adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions and may materially impact our results of operations. 

The
pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our businesses can fluctuate. The company sources all wood fiber for its U.S. mills from third parties. Additionally, energy costs remain volatile and unpredictable. Further unpredictable
increases in the cost of various essential materials, energy or freight may materially impact our results of operations. Depending on market forces and the terms of customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may
be limited. 
The company faces intense competition in each of its businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers. If we cannot
successfully compete in an increasingly global market place, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The company operates in competitive
domestic and international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive manufacturers and service providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower
cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. All of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and demand pressures, which could adversely affect the company’s operating results. 

6 

Table of Contents

A key component of the company’s competitive position is MeadWestvaco’s ability to both innovate and
manage expenses successfully. This requires continuous management focus on producing new and innovative products and solutions and reducing costs and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our
asset portfolio. 
The company’s markets are global. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the
political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other factors related to our international sales and operations. 

For the year ended December 31, 2013, sales outside the U.S. were approximately 52% of total sales, which includes 18% of export sales
to our foreign customers. We recently completed a substantial expansion of our corrugated packaging operations in Brazil as well as expanded our participation in other emerging markets, including China and India. As our international
operations and activities expand, we inevitably have greater exposure to the risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

•

Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as anti-dumping proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a
competitive advantage over the company. 

•

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore the demand for our products in a particular market.

•

Commercial and regulatory difficulties in markets where corrupt practices are prevalent. 

These risks could
affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are
unpredictable. 
The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is involved in various legal
proceedings related to the environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. The company has been focused
for some time on improving energy efficiency which also reduces its emissions of carbon dioxide. In recent years, acting unilaterally, the company has reduced its carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels even as overall production has increased.

We report the direct greenhouse gas emissions for our major U.S. manufacturing facilities to the U.S. EPA which are publicly available on the EPA
website, www.epa.gov, we also report the consolidated greenhouse gas emissions from all of our manufacturing facilities worldwide to the Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”). 

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has announced, proposed or finalized numerous air emission regulations covering greenhouse gas emissions, new
emission standards for industrial boilers and establishment of more stringent ambient air quality standards. Changes in environmental laws and regulations, or their application, could subject the company to significant additional capital
expenditures and operating expenses in future years. However, any such changes are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional capital expenditures or operating expenses that could
be necessary for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

7 

Table of Contents

The company is also subject to various environmental proceedings and may be subject to additional proceedings in
the future. In the case of known potential liabilities, it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial
condition or liquidity. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material effect on the results of operations. The company could also be subject to new environmental proceedings which could
cause the company to incur substantial additional costs with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Material disruptions at one of our
major manufacturing facilities could negatively impact our financial results. 

We take appropriate measures to minimize the risks of disruption at
our facilities. A material operational disruption in one of our major facilities could negatively impact production and our financial results. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events including but not limited to a major
equipment failure, labor stoppages, inadequate supply of fiber, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials, severe weather conditions and disruptions in utility services. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive and economically cyclical. 

The company engages in value-added real estate development activities in the Charleston, South Carolina region, including obtaining entitlements and
establishing joint ventures and other development-related arrangements. Many of our competitors in this industry have greater resources and experience in real estate development than we have currently. Our ability to execute our plans to realize the
greater value associated with our development land holdings may be affected by the following factors, among others: 

•

General economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates. 

•

Local real estate market conditions, including competition from sellers of land and real estate developers. 

•

Impact of federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting land use, land use entitlements, land protection and zoning.