Risks relating to our
business 

Recent changes in U.S. and global economic conditions could have a continuing adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our
businesses. 

Recent concerns over declining consumer and business confidence, the availability and cost of credit, reduced consumer spending and
business investment, the volatility and strength of the capital and credit markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, the profitability of our business. In an economic downturn characterized by higher
unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our products is adversely affected. Adverse changes in the economy could negatively affect earnings and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. We cannot predict whether or when such circumstances may occur, or what impact, if any, such circumstances could have on our business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Conditions in the global capital and credit markets and the economy generally may materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial position and we do not expect these conditions to improve in the near future. 

Our results of
operations and financial position could be materially affected by adverse changes in the global capital and credit markets and the economy generally, including recent declines in consumer and business confidence and spending, both in the U.S. and
elsewhere around the world. The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption in recent months. Recently, the volatility and disruption in these markets have reached unprecedented levels. In some cases, these
markets have exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit and increased the costs of credit when such credit is available. Conditions in the capital and credit markets and the effects of the declines in consumer and business
confidence and spending may adversely impact the ability of our lenders, suppliers and customers to conduct their business activities. The consequences of such adverse effects could include the interruption of production at the facilities of our
customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers or other creditors. Moreover, the current worldwide financial
crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund or support the continuation and expansion of business operations worldwide as many lenders and institutional investors have reduced and, in some cases, ceased to provide funding to
borrowers. 

While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our
credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

The company has announced a
strategic cost management plan. If we fail to fully execute on this initiative, we may not fully realize all the improvements we have publicly announced. 

In the first quarter of 2009, the company announced a strategic cost management plan to reduce our overhead cost structure, optimize our manufacturing footprint, and realize sourcing savings throughout our supply chain. The plan is expected
to generate $125 million in pre-tax savings in 2009. By mid-2010, the company anticipates achieving cumulative run-rate savings of $250 million to $300 million. This initiative is described more fully in Part II, Item 7. Although we believe
that these results are reasonable and achievable, if we do not fully achieve these goals within the expected time frame, or at all, we may not fully realize the improvements we expect in our operating earnings and cash flows. 

5 

Table of Contents

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions which can significantly impact
operating results and cash flows. 

Certain of the company’s businesses are affected by cyclical market conditions that can significantly influence
the demand for certain of the company’s products, as well as the pricing we can obtain for these products. The company’s paperboard business is particularly subject to cyclical market conditions. The company may be unable to sustain
pricing in the face of weaker demand, and weaker demand may in turn cause us to take production downtime. In addition to lost revenue from lower shipment volumes, production downtime causes unabsorbed fixed manufacturing costs due to lower
production levels. As a result, the company’s results of operations and cash flows may be materially impacted in a period of prolonged and significant market weakness. Moreover, the company is not able to predict market conditions or its
ability to sustain pricing and production levels during periods of weak demand with any degree of certainty. Market conditions may also impact the company’s ability to achieve its planned or announced price increases. 

The company’s businesses are subject to significant cost pressures. Pricing volatility and our ability to pass higher costs on to our customers through price
increases or other adjustments is uncertain and dependent on market conditions. 

The pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our
businesses continues to be challenging and volatile. Additionally, energy costs remain volatile and unpredictable. 

Further unpredictable increases in the
cost of raw materials or energy may materially impact our results of operations. Depending on market forces and the terms of customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. 

Certain of the company’s consumer packaging converting businesses are affected by consumer behavior and new technology which can significantly impact operating
results and cash flows. 

Changes in consumer behavior and technology for the distribution of consumer products, such as music and video entertainment,
can, and is having a dramatic impact on the demand for packaging products produced by the company’s packaging converting businesses. 

The company
faces intense competition in each of its businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we cannot successfully compete in an increasingly global market place, our operating results may be adversely
affected. 

The company operates in competitive domestic and international markets and competes with many large, well-established and highly competitive
manufacturers and service providers, both domestically and on a global basis. The company’s businesses are facing competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere. In addition, there is a risk that growth in paperboard capacity
could outpace demand. All of these conditions can contribute to substantial pricing and demand pressures, which could adversely affect the company’s operating results. 

A key component of the company’s competitive position is MeadWestvaco’s ability to manage expenses successfully. This requires continuous management focus on reducing and improving efficiency through cost
controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our asset portfolio. 

6 

Table of Contents

The company’s operations are increasingly global in nature, particularly in our consumer packaging businesses.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other factors related to
our international operations. 

Approximately 47% of the company’s annual revenues in 2008 were derived from export sales and sales from locations
outside of the U.S. As our international operations and activities expand, we face increasing exposure to the risks of operating in many foreign countries. These factors include: 

•

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore the demand
for our products in a particular market. 

•

 Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, trade actions (such as anti-dumping
proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 

•

 Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. 

These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such
occurrences and their potential effect on the company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. 

The company continues to realign and
restructure its packaging converting businesses. Although the company believes that it will implement and manage the reorganization effectively to achieve substantial savings for the company, these major changes have attendant inherent risks,
including the potential for disruption in our packaging businesses and operations as we implement the realignment. 

The company’s packaging
businesses continues to be transitioned into a focused end market facing commercial organization. The company’s leadership expects to successfully and seamlessly manage these transitions. However, any major reorganization presents challenges
and it is possible that there could be disruptions in our business and operations during the transition period. Disruptions in production, quality control, customer service and innovation, as well as in other aspects of our operations, could
negatively impact our results of operations. 

The company is subject to extensive regulation under various environmental laws and regulations, and is
involved in various legal proceedings related to the environment. Environmental regulation and legal proceedings have the potential for involving significant costs and liability for the company. 

The company’s operations are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific environmental laws and regulations. The company has been focused for some time
on addressing public concerns regarding global climate change. In recent years, acting unilaterally, the company has successfully reduced its total carbon dioxide emissions, even as overall production has increased. The company is committed to
obtaining additional reductions in these emissions as the efficient use of various forms of energy is enhanced. Certain legislative proposals, however, would eventually mandate broad reductions of total greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. This
legislation, could, unless it is modified in certain respects, eventually affect the long term results of some of the company’s more energy intensive operations. 

Changes in environmental laws and regulation, or their application, including but not limited to those relating to global climate change, could subject the company to significant additional capital expenditures and
operating expenses. Moreover, future developments in federal laws and regulations are currently especially difficult to predict due to the new President and Congress. These changes in the federal government may increase the likelihood that we will
be subject to new laws and regulations. However, any such changes are uncertain and, therefore, it is not possible for the company to predict with certainty the amount of additional capital expenditures or operating expenses that could be necessary
for compliance with respect to any such changes. 

7 

Table of Contents

The company is also subject to various environmental proceedings and may be subject to additional proceedings in the
future. In the case of known potential liabilities, it is management’s judgment that the resolution of pending litigation and proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial condition
or liquidity. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material effect on the results of operations. The company could also be subject to new environmental proceedings which could cause the
company to incur substantial additional costs with resulting impact on results of operations. 

Additional information regarding environmental proceedings
involving MeadWestvaco is set forth in Part I, Item 3. 

Our business could be adversely affected by strikes or work stoppages and other labor
issues. 

Approximately one-quarter of our employees are represented by various labor unions under collective bargaining agreements. The company engages
in negotiations with labor unions for new collective bargaining agreements from time to time. If we are unable to negotiate new agreements without work stoppages, it could negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products and adversely
affect results of operations. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive and economically cyclical. 

The company engages in value-added real estate development activities, including obtaining entitlements and establishing joint ventures and other development-related
arrangements. Many of our competitors in this industry have greater resources and experience in real estate development than we have currently. In addition, our ability to execute our plans to divest or otherwise realize the greater value associated
with our landholdings may be affected by the following factors, among others: 

•

 General economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates. 

•

 Local real estate market conditions, including competition from sellers of land and real estate developers. 

•

 Impact of federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting land use, land use entitlements, land protection and zoning.