The
 global financial crisis has had, and may continue to have, an
 impact on our business and financial condition.

 The ongoing global financial crisis affecting the banking system
 and financial markets has led to a worldwide downturn in
 economic activity that has negatively affected our business.
 Many companies hire fewer employees when economic activity
 slows. As a result, demand for our services has been reduced,
 which has led to lower sales. If the current economic downturn
 continues or worsens, demand for our services and our sales may
 be further reduced. In addition, lower demand for our services
 may lead to lower prices for our services.

 The ongoing global financial crisis may also limit our ability
 to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or
 need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our
 ability to react to changing economic and business conditions.
 Accordingly, if the global financial crisis and current economic
 downturn continue or worsen, our business, results of operations
 and financial condition could be materially and adversely
 affected.

 We rely
 on the value of our brands, particularly Monster, and the costs
 of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are
 increasing.

 Our success depends on our brands and their value. Our business
 would be harmed if we were unable to adequately protect our
 brand names, particularly Monster. We believe that maintaining
 and expanding the Monster brand is an important aspect of our
 efforts to attract and expand our user and client base. We also
 believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase
 due to the growing number of Internet sites and the relatively
 low barriers to entry. We have spent considerable money and
 resources to date on the establishment and maintenance of the
 Monster brand. We are devoting greater resources to advertising,
 marketing and other brand-building efforts to preserve and
 enhance consumer awareness of the Monster brand. Despite this,
 we may not be able to successfully maintain or enhance consumer
 awareness of the Monster brand and, even if we are successful in
 our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective. If
 we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of the
 Monster brand in a cost-effective manner, our business,
 operating results and financial condition may be harmed
 significantly.

 We also are susceptible to others imitating our products and
 brands, particularly our Monster brand, and infringing on our
 intellectual property rights. We may not be able to successfully
 protect our intellectual property rights, upon which we are
 dependent. While we believe we have strong trademark protection
 in the Monster brand worldwide in the careers and recruitment
 business, that protection does not extend fully to other
 businesses. Other companies and organizations use the
 “Monster” name, and more may do so in the future. This
 use could adversely affect our brand recognition and reputation
 if employers or job seekers confuse us with these other
 organizations. In addition, the laws of foreign countries do not
 necessarily protect intellectual property rights to the same
 extent as the laws of the United States. Imitation of our
 products or brands, particularly our Monster brand, or
 infringement of our intellectual property rights could diminish
 the value of our brands or otherwise reduce our revenues.

 Our
 markets are highly competitive.

 The markets for our services are highly competitive. They are
 characterized by pressures to:

 • 

 reduce prices;

 • 

 incorporate new capabilities and technologies; and

 • 

 accelerate hiring timelines.

 Furthermore, we face competition from a number of sources. These
 sources include:

 • 

 other employment-related websites, including large national and
 international competitors as well as niche career websites
 targeted at specific industry verticals;

 7

Table of Contents

 • 

 general classified advertising websites, some of which offer a
 low-cost or free alternative to our offerings;

 • 

 professional networking and social networking websites;

 • 

 traditional media companies, including newspapers; and

 • 

 Internet portals, search engines and general-interest websites
 such as blogs.

 Low-cost and free classified advertising websites are gaining
 increased acceptance with employers. Professional networking
 websites have also made significant strides in attracting
 employers who in the past had focused on traditional media and
 large job boards. Additionally, over the past several years many
 niche career websites have been launched targeted at specific
 industry verticals.

 Many of our competitors or potential competitors have long
 operating histories, and some may have greater financial
 resources, management, technological development, sales,
 marketing and other resources than we do. Some of our
 competitors have more diversified businesses or may be owned by
 entities engaged in other lines of business, allowing them to
 operate their directly competitive operations at lower margins
 than our operations. In addition, our ability to maintain our
 existing clients and attract new clients depends to a large
 degree on the quality of our services and our reputation among
 our clients and potential clients.

 Due to competition, we may experience reduced margins on our
 products and services, loss of market share or less use of our
 services by job seekers and our customers. If we are not able to
 compete effectively with current or future competitors as a
 result of these and other factors, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be significantly
 harmed.

 We have no significant proprietary technology that would
 preclude or inhibit competitors from entering the online
 advertising market. Existing or future competitors may develop
 or offer services and products which provide significant
 performance, price, creative or other advantages over our
 services. If we do not keep pace with product and technology
 advances, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 competitive position, revenue and prospects for growth. This
 could significantly harm our business, financial condition and
 operating results.

 Our
 operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter.

 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and
 may fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations are a result of
 a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

 • 

 the timing and amount of existing clients’ subscription
 renewals;

 • 

 entering new markets;

 • 

 enhancements to existing services;

 • 

 the hiring cycles of employers;

 • 

 changes in general economic conditions, such as recessions, that
 could, among other things, affect recruiting efforts generally
 and online recruiting efforts in particular;

 • 

 the magnitude and timing of marketing initiatives;

 • 

 the maintenance and development of our strategic relationships;

 • 

 our ability to manage our anticipated growth and expansion;

 • 

 our ability to attract and retain customers;

 • 

 technical difficulties or system downtime affecting the Internet
 generally or the operation of our products and services
 specifically;

 • 

 enhancements to technology to safeguard against security
 breaches; and

 • 

 the timing and integration of our acquisitions.

 8

Table of Contents

 We face
 risks relating to developing technology, including the
 Internet.

 The market for Internet products and services is characterized
 by rapid technological developments, frequent new product
 introductions and evolving industry standards. The emerging
 character of these products and services and their rapid
 evolution will require our continuous improvement in the
 performance, features and reliability of our Internet content,
 particularly in response to competitive offerings. We may not be
 successful in responding quickly, cost effectively and
 sufficiently to these developments. In addition, the widespread
 adoption of new Internet technologies or standards could require
 us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our
 websites and services. This could harm our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 The online recruiting market continues to evolve. The adoption
 of online recruiting and job seeking services, particularly
 among those companies that have historically relied upon
 traditional recruiting methods, requires the acceptance of a new
 way of conducting business, exchanging information, advertising
 and applying for jobs. Many of our potential customers,
 particularly smaller companies, have not utilized the Internet
 as a recruiting tool, and not all segments of the job-seeking
 population use the Internet to look for jobs. Companies may not
 continue to allocate portions of their budgets to Internet-based
 recruiting and job seekers may not use online job seeking
 methods. As a result, we may not be able to effectively compete
 with traditional recruiting and job seeking methods. If
 Internet-based recruiting does not remain widely accepted or if
 we are not able to anticipate changes in the online recruiting
 market, our business, financial condition and operating results
 could be significantly harmed.

 New Internet services or enhancements that we have offered or
 may offer in the future may contain design flaws or other
 defects that could require expensive modifications or result in
 a loss of client confidence. Any disruption in Internet access
 or in the Internet generally could significantly harm our
 business, financial condition and operating results. Slower
 response times or system failures may also result from straining
 the capacity of our software, hardware or network
 infrastructure. To the extent that we do not effectively address
 any capacity constraints or system failures, our business,
 results of operations and financial condition could be
 significantly harmed.

 Trends that could have a critical impact on our success include:

 • 

 rapidly changing technology in online recruiting;

 • 

 evolving industry standards relating to online recruiting;

 • 

 developments and changes relating to the Internet;

 • 

 evolving government regulations;

 • 

 competing products and services that offer increased
 functionality;

 • 

 changes in employer and job seeker requirements; and

 • 

 customer privacy protection concerning transactions conducted
 over the Internet.

 We rely
 heavily on our information systems and if our access to this
 technology is impaired, or we fail to further develop our
 technology, our business could be harmed.

 Our success depends in large part upon our ability to store,
 retrieve, process and manage substantial amounts of information,
 including our client and candidate databases. To achieve our
 strategic objectives and to remain competitive, we must continue
 to develop and enhance our information systems. Our future
 success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing
 technologies, to adapt our information systems to evolving
 industry standards and to improve the performance and
 reliability of our information systems. This may require the
 acquisition of equipment and software and the development,
 either internally or through independent consultants, of new
 proprietary software. Our inability to design, develop,
 implement and utilize, in a cost-effective manner, information
 systems that provide the capabilities necessary for us to
 compete effectively could harm our business, results of
 operations or financial condition.

 9

Table of Contents

 Concerns
 relating to our privacy policies and our compliance with
 applicable data protection laws and regulations could damage our
 reputation and deter current and potential customers, job
 seekers and other Internet users from using our products and
 services and subject us to fines.

 Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use,
 disclosure or security of personal information or other
 privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our
 reputation, which in turn could significantly harm our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 While we strive to comply with all applicable data protection
 laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy
 policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result
 in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or
 others, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our
 business. Moreover, failure or perceived failure to comply with
 applicable laws, regulations, requirements or our policies
 related to the collection, use, sharing or security of personal
 information or other privacy-related matters could result in a
 loss of confidence in us by customers, job seekers and other
 Internet users and could expose us to fines and penalties, each
 of which could adversely affect our business. Laws related to
 data protection continue to evolve. It is possible that certain
 jurisdictions may enact laws or regulations that impact our
 ability to offer our products and services
 and/or
 result in reduced traffic or contract terminations in those
 jurisdictions, which could harm our business.

 Intrusions
 on our systems could damage our business.

 Despite our implementation of network security measures, our
 servers are vulnerable to cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms
 and other malicious software programs, physical and electronic
 break-ins, sabotage and similar disruptions from unauthorized
 tampering with our computer systems. Unauthorized access could
 jeopardize the security of information stored in our systems
 relating to our customers, job seekers and other website
 users — and can lead to “phishing” schemes
 whereby unauthorized persons pretend to be Monster and seek to
 obtain personal information from our customers and job seekers.
 In addition, malware or viruses could jeopardize the security of
 information stored or used in a user’s computer.

 We have experienced these intrusions in the past. We may also
 experience these intrusions in the future and may be required to
 expend significant sums and resources to safeguard against them.
 Moreover, negative publicity arising from any intrusion is
 damaging to our reputation and may adversely impact traffic to
 our sites.

 Interruptions,
 delays or failures in the provision of our services could damage
 our brand and harm our operating results.

 Our systems are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to
 fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist
 attacks and similar events. Our systems’ continuing and
 uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. Customers,
 job seekers and other website users may become dissatisfied by
 any system failure that interrupts our ability to provide our
 services to them, including failures affecting our ability to
 serve web page requests without significant delay to the viewer.
 Sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the
 attractiveness of our solutions to customers, job seekers and
 other Internet users and result in reduced traffic, contract
 terminations, fee rebates and make goods, thereby reducing
 revenue. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types
 of disruptions is damaging to our reputation and may adversely
 impact traffic to our sites.

 We do not have multiple site capacity for all of our services
 and some of our systems are not fully redundant in the event of
 any such occurrence. In an effort to reduce the likelihood of a
 geographical or other disaster impacting our business, we have
 distributed, and intend to continue assessing the need to
 distribute, our servers among additional data centers. Failure
 to execute these changes properly or in a timely manner could
 result in delays or interruptions to our service, which could
 result in a loss of users and damage to our brand, and harm our
 operating results. We may not carry sufficient business
 interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may
 occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our
 service.

 10

Table of Contents

 We are
 vulnerable to intellectual property infringement claims brought
 against us by others.

 Successful intellectual property infringement claims against us
 could result in monetary liability or a material disruption in
 the conduct of our business. We cannot be certain that our
 products, content and brand names do not or will not infringe
 valid patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual
 property rights held by third parties. We expect that
 infringement claims in our markets will increase in number. We
 may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time
 relating to the intellectual property of others in the ordinary
 course of our business. If we were found to have infringed the
 intellectual property rights of a third party, we could be
 liable to that party for license fees, royalty payments, lost
 profits or other damages, and the owner of the intellectual
 property might be able to obtain injunctive relief to prevent us
 from using the technology or software in the future. If the
 amounts of these payments were significant or we were prevented
 from incorporating certain technology or software into our
 products, our business could be significantly harmed.

 We may incur substantial expenses in defending against these
 third party infringement claims, regardless of their merit. As a
 result, due to the diversion of management time, the expense
 required to defend against any claim and the potential liability
 associated with any lawsuit, any significant litigation could
 significantly harm our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 If we are
 unable to protect our proprietary rights or maintain our rights
 to use key technologies of third parties, our business may be
 harmed.

 A degree of uncertainty exists concerning the application and
 enforcement of trademark, trade dress and copyright laws to the
 Internet, and existing laws may not provide us adequate
 protection for our original content or the appearance of our
 Internet sites. In addition, because copyright laws do not
 prohibit independent development of similar content, copyright
 laws may not provide us with any competitive advantage. We have
 obtained patents and applied for other patents with respect to
 certain of our software systems, methods and related
 technologies, but our pending applications may not be granted
 and any patents issued to us may in the future be challenged,
 invalidated or circumvented, and the rights granted under
 patents may not provide us with a competitive advantage. We also
 face risks associated with our trademarks, particularly
 trademarks covering the Monster brand. Policing unauthorized use
 of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property
 rights could involve significant expense and could be difficult
 or impossible, particularly given the global nature of the
 Internet and the fact that the laws of certain other countries
 may afford us little or no effective protection of our
 intellectual property.

 In addition, we rely on certain technology licensed from third
 parties, and may be required to license additional technology in
 the future for use in managing our Internet sites and providing
 related services to users and advertising customers. Our ability
 to generate fees from Internet commerce may also depend on data
 encryption, authentication and other technologies that we may be
 required to license from third parties. These third-party
 technology licenses may not continue to be available to us on
 acceptable commercial terms or at all. The inability to enter
 into and maintain any of these technology licenses could
 significantly harm our business, financial condition and
 operating results.

 We have
 made strategic acquisitions and entered into alliances and joint
 ventures in the past and intend to do so in the future. If we
 are unable to find suitable acquisitions or partners or to
 achieve expected benefits from such acquisitions or
 partnerships, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business, growth rates and results of operations.

 As part of our ongoing business strategy to expand product
 offerings and acquire new technology, we frequently engage in
 discussions with third parties regarding, and enter into
 agreements relating to, possible acquisitions, strategic
 alliances and joint ventures. If we are unable to identify
 future acquisition opportunities or reach agreement with such
 third parties, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business, growth rates and results of operations.

 11

Table of Contents

 Even if we are able to complete acquisitions or enter into
 alliances and joint ventures that we believe will be successful,
 such transactions, especially those involving companies like
 ChinaHR, are inherently risky. Our acquisitions can be
 accompanied by a number of risks, including:

 • 

 the difficulty of integrating the operations and personnel of
 our acquired companies into our operations;

 • 

 the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction
 of management;

 • 

 the difficulty of integrating acquired technology and rights
 into our services and unanticipated expenses related to such
 integration;

 • 

 the impairment of relationships with customers and partners of
 the acquired companies or our customers and partners as a result
 of the integration of acquired operations;

 • 

 the impairment of relationships with employees of the acquired
 companies or our employees as a result of integration of new
 management personnel;

 • 

 the difficulty of integrating the acquired company’s
 accounting, management information, human resources and other
 administrative systems;

 • 

 in the case of foreign acquisitions, uncertainty regarding
 foreign laws and regulations and difficulty integrating
 operations and systems as a result of cultural, systems and
 operational differences; and

 • 

 the impact of known potential liabilities or unknown liabilities
 associated with the acquired companies.

 Our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other
 problems encountered in connection with our past or future
 acquisitions could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated
 benefits of our acquisitions, incur unanticipated liabilities
 and harm our business generally.

 We have
 had and may face future difficulties managing growth.

 Our business has grown rapidly, both internally and through
 acquisitions. This expansion has resulted in substantial growth
 in the number of our employees, and put a significant strain on
 our management and operations. If our business continues to grow
 rapidly, we expect it to result in increased responsibility for
 management personnel, and incremental strain on our operations,
 and financial and management systems. Our success under such
 conditions will depend to a significant extent on the ability of
 our executive officers and other members of senior management to
 operate effectively both independently and as a group. If we are
 not able to manage future growth, our business, financial
 condition and operating results may be harmed.

 If our
 divested businesses fail to satisfy obligations relating to
 their operations, we could face third-party claims seeking to
 hold us liable for those obligations.

 In 2003, we completed the spin-off of Hudson Highland Group,
 Inc. to our stockholders. In June 2005, we sold our Directional
 Marketing business, and during 2006 we disposed of our global
 Advertising & Communications business in five separate
 transactions. We remain contingently liable to third parties for
 some obligations of these divested businesses, such as for real
 estate leases assumed by the divested businesses, if the
 divested businesses fail to meet their obligations. Our
 financial condition and results of operations could be
 significantly harmed if we receive third-party claims relating
 to liabilities of our divested businesses.

 We face
 risks relating to our foreign operations.

 We have a presence in approximately 50 countries around the
 world. We earned 45%, 39% and 30% of our total revenue outside
 of the United States in the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. Such amounts are generally
 collected in local currencies. In addition, we generally pay
 operating expenses in local currencies. Therefore, we are at
 risk for exchange rate fluctuations between such local
 currencies and the United States dollar. Global foreign exchange
 markets have been experiencing heightened volatility in recent
 quarters and we cannot predict the direction or magnitude of
 future currency fluctuations. A weakening of the currencies in
 which we generate sales relative to the currencies in which our
 costs are denominated may lower our results of operations.

 12

Table of Contents

 We are also subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions. In
 addition, transactions between our foreign subsidiaries and us
 may be subject to United States and foreign withholding taxes.
 Applicable tax rates in foreign jurisdictions differ from those
 of the United States, and change periodically. The extent, if
 any, to which we will receive credit in the United States for
 taxes we pay in foreign jurisdictions, will depend upon the
 application of limitations set forth in the Internal Revenue
 Code of 1986, as well as the provisions of any tax treaties that
 may exist between the United States and such foreign
 jurisdictions.

 Our current or future international operations might not succeed
 or might fail to meet our expectations for a number of reasons,
 including:

 • 

 general political uncertainty;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

 • 

 competition from local recruiting services;

 • 

 operational issues such as longer customer payment cycles and
 greater difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;

 • 

 seasonal reductions in business activity;

 • 

 language and cultural differences;

 • 

 taxation issues;

 • 

 complex legal and regulatory requirements that may be uncertain
 and may change; and

 • 

 issues relating to uncertainties of laws and enforcement
 relating to the regulation and protection of intellectual
 property.

 If we are forced to discontinue any of our international
 operations, we could incur material costs to close down such
 operations.

 Also, we could be exposed to fines and penalties under
 U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
 local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental
 officials. Although we have implemented policies and procedures
 designed to ensure compliance with these laws, we cannot be sure
 that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our
 policies. Any such violations could materially damage our
 reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our
 business and our operating results.

 Our
 future growth depends on our ability to expand operations in
 international markets. We may have limited experience or we may
 need to rely on business partners in these markets, and our
 future growth will be materially adversely affected if we are
 unsuccessful in our international expansion efforts.

 We currently have a presence in approximately 50 countries
 around the world. Our future growth will depend significantly on
 our ability to expand Monster-branded product offerings in
 additional international markets. As we expand into new
 international markets, we will have only limited experience in
 marketing and operating our products and services in such
 markets. In other instances, including our CareerOne joint
 venture with News Limited in Australia, we have had to rely, and
 may have to continue to rely, on the efforts and abilities of
 foreign business partners in such markets. Certain international
 markets may be slower than domestic markets in adopting the
 online career and commerce medium and as a result, our
 operations in international markets may not develop at a rate
 that supports our level of investment.

 Our
 business depends largely on our ability to attract and retain
 talented employees, including senior management.

 We are substantially dependent on the continued services of our
 senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer and Global Chief Information Officer and Head
 of Product. The loss of any of these individuals could harm our
 business. Our business is also dependent on our ability to
 retain, hire and motivate talented, highly skilled personnel.
 Experienced management and technical, marketing and support
 personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition
 for their talents is intense. If we

 13

Table of Contents

 are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are
 unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and
 deliver successful products and services may be adversely
 affected.

 We may be
 required to record a significant charge to earnings if our
 goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become
 impaired.

 We are required under generally accepted accounting principles
 to review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when
 events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
 may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for
 impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a
 change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of
 our amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include
 a decline in stock price and market capitalization, slower
 growth rates in our industry or other materially adverse events.
 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in
 our financial statements during the period in which any
 impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is
 determined. This may adversely impact our results of operations.
 As of December 31, 2008, our goodwill and amortizable
 intangible assets were $946.9 million.

 We
 estimate tax liabilities, the final determination of which is
 subject to review by domestic and international taxation
 authorities.

 We are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the
 United States and the foreign jurisdictions in which we
 currently operate or have historically operated. We are also
 subject to review and audit by both domestic and foreign
 taxation authorities. The determination of our worldwide
 provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets
 and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. In the
 ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and
 calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
 Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the
 ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts
 recorded in our consolidated financial statements.

 Effects
 of anti-takeover provisions could inhibit the acquisition of
 Monster Worldwide by others.

 Some of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation,
 bylaws and Delaware law could, together or separately:

 • 

 discourage potential acquisition proposals;

 • 

 delay or prevent a change in control; and

 • 

 limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the
 future for shares of our Common Stock.

 In particular, our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance
 of up to 800,000 shares of Preferred Stock with rights and
 privileges that might be senior to our Common Stock, without the
 consent of the holders of the Common Stock. Our certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws provide, among other things, for
 advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations.

 There is
 volatility in our stock price.

 The market for our Common Stock has, from time to time,
 experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Factors such
 as announcements of variations in our quarterly financial
 results and fluctuations in revenue could cause the market price
 of our Common Stock to fluctuate significantly. In addition, the
 stock market in general, and the market prices for
 Internet-related companies in particular, have experienced
 volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating
 performance of such companies. These broad market and industry
 fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock,
 regardless of our operating performance. Additionally,
 volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price
 may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, many
 of whom have been granted equity compensation.

 The market price of our Common Stock can be influenced by
 stockholders’ expectations about the ability of our
 business to grow and to achieve certain profitability targets.
 If our financial performance in a particular quarter does not
 meet the expectations of our stockholders, it may adversely
 affect their views concerning our

 14

Table of Contents

 growth potential and future financial performance. In addition,
 if the securities analysts who regularly follow our Common Stock
 lower their ratings of our Common Stock, the market price of our
 Common Stock is likely to drop significantly.

 The market price of our Common Stock may react negatively to
 further updates and announcements regarding the government
 investigations and the litigation proceedings related to our
 historical stock option grant practices.

 We face
 risks associated with government regulation.

 The application of existing laws and regulations to our websites
 relating to issues such as user privacy, security of data,
 defamation, advertising, taxation, promotions, content
 regulation, and intellectual property ownership and infringement
 can be unclear. In addition, we will also be subject to new laws
 and regulations directly applicable to our activities. Any
 existing or new legislation applicable to us could expose us to
 substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary
 to comply with such laws and regulations, and dampen growth in
 Internet usage.

 The federal CAN-SPAM Act and state anti-spam laws impose certain
 requirements on the use of
 e-mail. The
 implications of these laws have not been fully tested. Portions
 of our business rely on

e-mail to
 communicate with consumers on our behalf and for our clients. We
 may face risk if our use of

e-mail is
 found to violate the federal law or applicable state law.

 We post our privacy policy and practices concerning the use and
 disclosure of user data on our websites. Any failure by us to
 comply with our posted privacy policy or other privacy-related
 laws and regulations could result in proceedings which could
 potentially harm our business, results of operations and
 financial condition. In this regard, there are a large number of
 legislative proposals before the United States Congress and
 various state legislative bodies regarding privacy issues
 related to our business. It is not possible to predict whether
 or when such legislation may be adopted, and certain proposals,
 if adopted, could significantly harm our business through a
 decrease in user registrations and revenues. This could be
 caused by, among other possible provisions, the required use of
 disclaimers or other requirements before users can utilize our
 services.

 Due to the global nature of the Internet, it is possible that
 the governments of other states and foreign countries might
 attempt to regulate its transmissions or prosecute us for
 violations of their laws. We might unintentionally violate such
 laws or such laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in
 the future. Any such developments (or developments stemming from
 enactment or modification of other laws) may significantly harm
 our business, operating results and financial condition.

 The
 outcomes of the investigations and the litigation proceedings
 relating to stock option matters could have a negative effect on
 the price of our securities, liquidity and business.

 On June 12, 2006, we announced that a committee of
 independent directors of the Board of Directors (the
 “Special Committee”) was conducting an independent
 investigation to review the Company’s historical stock
 option grant practices and related accounting. The Special
 Committee subsequently determined that the exercise price for a
 substantial number of stock option grants during the periods
 between 1997 through March 31, 2003 differed from the fair
 market value of the underlying shares on the measurement date.
 Accordingly, the Company announced that its previously filed
 financial statements should no longer be relied upon; and the
 Company filed an amended annual report on
 Form 10-K/A
 with restated financial statements. In connection with the
 investigation conducted by the United States Attorney’s
 office for the Southern District of New York (“USAO”)
 and the SEC, (a) the Company’s former General Counsel
 pleaded guilty to two felony counts and settled a civil action
 brought against him by the SEC, (b) the Company’s
 former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer entered into a
 deferred prosecution agreement with the USAO and settled an
 action brought against him by the SEC (he is since deceased),
 (c) a former senior executive of the Company and member of
 the Company’s Board of Directors was indicted for
 securities fraud and conspiracy for which he is expected to
 stand trial in the near future, and a civil action has been
 commenced against him by the SEC, and (d) a civil action
 has been commenced by the SEC against the Company’s former
 Controller. In addition, a putative class action on behalf of
 participants in the Company’s 401(k) Plan alleging
 violations of the

 15

Table of Contents

 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 (“ERISA”) against certain current and former officers
 is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern
 District of New York. This lawsuit is described more fully in
 “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.”

 These investigations imposed, and the ongoing related litigation
 may continue to impose, significant costs on us, both monetarily
 and in requiring attention by our management team. While we are
 unable to estimate the costs that we may incur in the future
 with respect to any litigation or investigation, these are
 likely to include:

 • 

 professional fees in connection with the defense of any such
 matter;

 • 

 potential damages, fines, penalties or settlement costs; and

 • 

 pursuant to our indemnification obligations, payments to, or on
 behalf of, our current and former employees, officers and
 directors for the costs and expenses incurred by them in
 connection with the litigations which they are a party to (in
 certain circumstances these indemnification payments are
 recoverable if it is determined that the officer or director at
 issue acted improperly, but there is no assurance that we will
 be able to recover such payments). It is not clear the extent to
 which we will be able to recover these expenditures from our
 insurance carriers.

 Furthermore, it is possible that additional issues may be raised
 as a result of our historical stock option practices. Adverse
 developments in any pending legal proceeding arising out of our
 historical stock option granting practices or any other matter
 raised could generate negative publicity for us and have an
 adverse impact on our business and our stock price, including
 increased stock volatility, and could also harm our ability to
 raise additional capital or engage in transactions in the future.

 Other
 legal proceedings may significantly harm our business.

 From time to time, we may become involved in other litigation or
 other proceedings in the ordinary course of business. It is
 possible that such litigation or proceedings may significantly
 harm our future results of operations or financial condition due
 to expenses we may incur to defend ourselves or the
 ramifications of an adverse decision.