Back to Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Our Business

Our executive officers and directors have
 significant voting power and may take actions that may be different than
 actions sought by our other stockholders.

Our officers and directors
 own approximately 18% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. These
 stockholders will be able to exercise significant influence over all matters
 requiring stockholder approval. This influence over our affairs might be
 adverse to the interest of our other stockholders. In addition, this
 concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control and
 might have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Our officers and directors are located in Israel and our assets may also
 be held from time to time outside of the United States.

Since all of
 our officers and directors are currently located in and/or are residents of
 Israel, any attempt to enforce liabilities upon such individuals under the
 U.S. federal securities and bankruptcy laws may be difficult. In accordance
 with the Israeli Law on Enforcement of Foreign Judgments, 5718-1958, and
 subject to certain time limitations (the application to enforce the judgment
 must be made within five years of the date of judgment or such other period
 as might be agreed between Israel and the United States), an Israeli court
 may declare a foreign civil judgment enforceable if it finds that:

- the
 judgment was rendered by a court which was, according to the laws of the
 State in which the court is located, competent to render the judgment; -
 the judgment may no longer be appealed; 
- the obligation imposed by the
 judgment is enforceable according to the rules relating to the
 enforceability of judgments in Israel and the substance of the judgment is
 not contrary to public policy; and 
- the judgment is executory in the
 State in which it was given.

An Israeli court will not declare a foreign
 judgment enforceable if:- the judgment was obtained by fraud; 
-
 there is a finding of lack of due process; 
- the judgment was rendered
 by a court not competent to render it according to the laws of private
 international law in Israel; 
- the judgment is in conflict with another
 judgment that was given in the same matter between the same parties and that
 is still valid; or 
- the time the action was instituted in the foreign
 court, a suit in the same matter and between the same parties was pending
 before a court or tribunal in Israel.

Furthermore, Israeli courts may
 not adjudicate a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws if the
 court determines that Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to
 bring such a claim. Even if an Israeli court agrees to hear such a claim, it
 may determine that Israeli law, not U.S. law, is applicable to the claim. If
 U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must
 be proven as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process.

Our assets may also be held from time to time outside of the United
 States.  Since our directors and executive officers are foreign citizens and
 do not reside in the United States, it may be difficult for courts in the
 United States to obtain jurisdiction over our foreign assets or persons, and
 as a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to enforce judgments
 rendered against us or our directors or executive officers in United States
 courts. Thus, investing in us may pose a greater risk because should any
 situation arise in the future in which you would have a cause of action
 against these persons or against us, you may face potential difficulties in
 bringing lawsuits or, if successful, in collecting judgments against these
 persons or against the Company.

Regulatory Risks

We face risks
 related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting
 standards.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new
 rules and regulations implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, require changes in the
 corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public
 companies. These new laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control
 over financial reporting, have materially increased the legal and financial
 compliance costs of small companies and have made some activities more
 time-consuming and more burdensome.

We may not have effective
 internal controls.

In connection with Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we need to assess the adequacy of our internal
 control, remedy any weaknesses that may be identified, validate that
 controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting
 and improvement process for internal controls. We may discover deficiencies
 that require us to improve our procedures, processes and systems in order to
 ensure that our internal controls are adequate and effective and that we are
 in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act. If the deficiencies are not adequately addressed, or if we are unable
 to complete all of our testing and any remediation in time for compliance
 with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the SEC
 rules under it, we would be unable to conclude that our internal controls
 over financial reporting are designed and operating effectively, which could
 adversely affect investor confidence in our internal controls over financial
 reporting.

Risks Relating to Operating in Israel.

We conduct
 our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected
 by political, economic and military instability in Israel or the Middle
 East.

Our subsidiary offices and our officers and directors are
 located in Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions
 in Israel and the Middle East may directly affect our business.  Since the
 establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts
 have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors.  Any hostilities
 involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade within Israel
 or between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our
 operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital.  Since
 September 2000, terrorist violence in Israel has increased significantly and
 negotiations between Israel and Palestinian representatives have not
 achieved a peaceful resolution of the conflict.  The establishment in 2006
 of a government in Gaza by representatives of the Hamas militant group has
 created additional unrest and uncertainty in the region.

Further,
 Israel is currently engaged in an armed conflict with Hamas, which until
 Operation Cast Lead in January 2009 had involved thousands of missile
 strikes and had disrupted most day-to-day civilian activity in southern
 Israel.  The missile attacks by Hamas did not target Tel Aviv, the location
 of our principal executive offices; however, any armed conflict, terrorist
 activity or political instability in the region may negatively affect
 business conditions and could significantly harm our results of operations.