Risks Relating to Our Lack of Operating History and Industry

Our business is at an early stage of development and we may not be able to successfully commercialize our IDSS Software.

The success of our business is dependent on our ability to continue to develop and successfully market our IDSS Software, and to secure and maintain licensing agreements with customers in the US and internationally. Our ability to achieve these goals is unproven, and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to validate our business plan. In addition, the success of our business plan is dependent upon acceptance of our platform by the seed industry. Should the target markets not be as responsive as we anticipate, we will not have in place alternate services or products that we can offer to ensure our continuing as a going concern.

Management believes that it currently has sufficient funds to continue our planned activities at least through the first half of 2014, evidenced by our ability to raise capital from private investors to fund our acquisition of 66.67% of BreedIT Israel. We also expect to continue to incur operating losses in future periods. These losses will occur because we do not yet have revenues to offset the expenses associated with the continuing development and marketing of our software and the administrative costs associated with being a public company with reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. There can be no assurance that we will ever be successful in generating significant revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate significant revenues, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations.

We have only a limited operating history which includes operating losses; we may not ever achieve revenues or operating profits.

We have a limited operating history and have only generating operating losses from inception to date. We anticipate generating losses until we are able to generate significant revenues from the sale or license of our IDSS Software. We do not anticipate generating significant revenues before the second half of 2014 or early 2015. Therefore, we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. No adjustment has been made in the accompanying financial statements to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities which could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.

We have a going concern note indicating the possibility that we may not be able to continue to operate.

Our audited financial statements for the year-ended December 31, 2013 contained in this Annual Report include a going concern note, which raises a substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, notwithstanding our ability to raise capital to fund the purchase of our interest in BreedIT Israel, we may nevertheless face difficulty in obtaining additional funding, if and when necessary, at terms satisfactory to the Company, if at all.  There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve any significant revenues or profitability. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are unproven, and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the future prospects of our business.

We have a limited operating history on which investors may evaluate our operations and prospects for profitable operations.

We were incorporated on May 26, 2010 and completed our acquisition of 66.67% of our operating subsidiary, BreedIT Israel on October 24, 2013. We currently have no agreements to sell our IDSS Software in order to generate revenues. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any significant operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail.

8

Our business plan may be unsuccessful.

The success of our business plan is dependent on our ability to develop successfully and market our IDSS Software as well as securing licensing agreements with seed breeding companies. Our ability to develop software for this market is unproven, and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to validate our business plan. In addition, the success of our business plan is dependent upon acceptance of our software by seed breeders. Should the target market not be as responsive as we anticipate, we will not have in place alternate services or products that we can offer to ensure our continuing as a going concern.

Our revenues may be sensitive to fluctuations in demand for our products.

Our revenues earnings can be negatively impacted by declining demand brought on by varying factors, many of which are out of our control. In addition, demand for our software could be influenced by supply and quality issues or for any other reason, including products of competitors that might be considered superior by end users.

Because our potential clients operate in the seed business which is highly seasonal, our revenues, cash flows from operations and operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis.

We expect that the majority of our revenues will be generated from clients who operate in the seed business. The seed business is highly seasonal. Our business may therefore be considered seasonal in nature which may result in significant fluctuations in our working capital during the growing and selling cycles. We expect to experience, significant variability in net sales, operating cash flows and net income on a quarterly basis.

We face intense competition, and our inability to compete effectively for any reason could adversely affect our business.

The seed market is highly competitive, and our IDSS Software program may face competition from a number of small companies, as well as large agricultural and biotechnology companies. We compete primarily on the basis of the advanced features that we believe are incorporated in our IDSS Software as well as online and interactive customer service and price advantages. Many of our competitors are, or are affiliated with, large diversified companies that have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we have. These resources give our competitors greater operating flexibility that, in certain cases, may permit them to respond better or more quickly to changes in the industry or to introduce new products more quickly and with greater marketing support. Increased competition could result in lower profit margins, substantial pricing pressure, and lower operating cash flows. Price competition, together with other forms of competition, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows.

We may depend on third-party distributors who may not effectively distribute our IDSS Software products.

We may depend, in part on, third-party distributors and strategic relationships for the marketing and selling of our IDSS product. We may depend on these distributors' efforts to market our product, yet we are unable to control their efforts completely. In addition, we are unable to ensure that our distributors comply with all applicable laws regarding the sale of our product. If our distributors fail to effectively market and sell our product, and in full compliance with applicable laws, our operating results and business may suffer.

The demand for our IDSS Software may not develop as we anticipate, and therefore our continued research and development activities with respect to our software may be adversely affected.

There are a number of challenges to market acceptance of our IDSS Software. Demand for our software might never materialize and we may not be able to profit from our continued research and development activities relating to our software or any commercial applications that we expect to derive therefrom. Even if our IDSS Software conforms to applicable quality standards, potential sales could be adversely affected if customers in our target markets lose confidence in the safety, efficacy and quality of our software. Adverse publicity, if any, about our software may discourage seed breeders from utilizing our unproven software. Any of these developments could adversely impact the future amount of our revenues, which would adversely impact our results of operations.

9

The loss of key employees or the failure to attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to run our business.

The loss of any of our current executives, key employees or key advisors, or the failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain additional key employees, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any employee could leave our employ at any time if he chose to do so. We do not carry "key person" insurance on the lives of any of our management team. As we develop additional capabilities, we may require more skilled personnel who must be highly skilled and have a sound understanding of our industry, business or processing requirements. Recruiting skilled personnel is highly competitive. Although to date we have been successful in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, there can be no assurance that we will continue to attract and retain the personnel needed for our business. The failure to attract or retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We may not be able to manage expansion of our operations effectively.

We expect our operations to grow rapidly in the future because of our belief in the advantages of our IDSS Software, of which there can be no assurance. We may also be required to expand our business through acquisition of synergistic companies and technologies. These efforts, to the extent necessary, will, in all likelihood, require the addition of employees, expansion of facilities and greater oversight, perhaps in diverse locations. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, execute on our business strategies or respond to competitive pressures, and we may have difficulties maintaining and updating the internal procedures and the controls necessary to meet the planned expansion of our overall business.

Our management will also be required to maintain and expand our relationships with customers as well as attract new customers. We expect that our sales and marketing costs will increase as we grow and increase our sales efforts in new and existing markets. Our current and planned operations, personnel, systems and internal procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth.

We may need to raise additional capital in the future.

We believe our current cash and cash equivalents on hand will be sufficient to finance anticipated capital, financing and operating requirements for the next twelve months. However, if we elect to aggressively pursue our growth strategies, whether through acquisitions or organic growth, we may need additional capital to fund these strategies.

If we are required to raise additional capital in the future, such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or available at all, may be dilutive to our existing stockholders if such funding is in the form of equity financing or, if in the form of debt financing, may contain restrictions on the operation of our business or conversion features that are also dilutive to our existing stockholders. If we fail to obtain additional capital as and when required, such failure could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in government policies and laws could adversely affect US and international sales and therefore our financial results.

Our financial results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations, or other activities of U.S. and non-U.S. governments, agencies and similar organizations. These conditions include but are not limited to changes in a country's or region's economic or political conditions, trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of agriculture products generally and medical cannabis in particular, changing climate conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, changes in the regulatory or legal environment, burdensome taxes and tariffs and other trade barriers. International risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities and war, which could lead to reduced distribution of our IDSS Software or reduced demand from customers and potential customers in such affected areas, resulting in reduced profitability or losses associated with such sales.

10

We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally.

Our operations, both inside and outside the United States, are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws, regulations and customs of various jurisdictions and geographies. Although we intent to sell our software to various regions of the world. Our operations are subject to special risks and restrictions, including: fluctuations in currency values and foreign-currency exchange rates; exchange control regulations; changes in local political or economic conditions; governmental pricing directives; import and trade restrictions; import or export licensing requirements and trade policy; restrictions on the ability to repatriate funds; and other potentially detrimental domestic and foreign governmental practices or policies affecting U.S. companies doing business abroad, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control. Acts of terror or war may impair our ability to operate in particular countries or regions, and may impede the flow of goods and services between countries. Customers in weakened economies may be unable to purchase our products, or it could become more expensive for them to purchase imported products in their local currency, or sell their commodity at prevailing international prices, and we may be unable to collect receivables from such customers. Further, changes in exchange rates may affect our net income, the book value of our assets outside the United States, and our shareholders' equity. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations that affect our global operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Environmental regulation could negatively impact our business.

As a Company providing software solutions almost exclusively to agricultural breeders, we may be indirectly subject to evolving environmental laws and regulations by federal and state governments in the US and governments internationally. As a software company, we do not believe that we are or will become subject to environmental laws and regulations, the following federal laws and regulations applicable to the agriculture industry include, among others, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Federal Seed Act, and current and potentially new regulations of the FDA.

Risks Relating to Our Business

Our executive officers and directors have significant voting power and may take actions that may be different than actions sought by our other stockholders.

Our officers and directors own approximately 18% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. These stockholders will be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval. This influence over our affairs might be adverse to the interest of our other stockholders. In addition, this concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control and might have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Our officers and directors are located in Israel and our assets may also be held from time to time outside of the United States.

Since all of our officers and directors are currently located in and/or are residents of Israel, any attempt to enforce liabilities upon such individuals under the U.S. federal securities and bankruptcy laws may be difficult. In accordance with the Israeli Law on Enforcement of Foreign Judgments, 5718-1958, and subject to certain time limitations (the application to enforce the judgment must be made within five years of the date of judgment or such other period as might be agreed between Israel and the United States), an Israeli court may declare a foreign civil judgment enforceable if it finds that:

-  the judgment was rendered by a court which was, according to the laws of the State in which the court is located, competent to render the judgment;

- the judgment may no longer be appealed;

- the obligation imposed by the judgment is enforceable according to the rules relating to the enforceability of judgments in Israel and the substance of the judgment is not contrary to public policy; and

- the judgment is executory in the State in which it was given.

An Israeli court will not declare a foreign judgment enforceable if:

-  the judgment was obtained by fraud;

-  there is a finding of lack of due process;

-  the judgment was rendered by a court not competent to render it according to the laws of private international law in Israel;

-  the judgment is in conflict with another judgment that was given in the same matter between the same parties and that is still valid; or

-  the time the action was instituted in the foreign court, a suit in the same matter and between the same parties was pending before a court or tribunal in Israel.

11

Furthermore, Israeli courts may not adjudicate a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws if the court determines that Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if an Israeli court agrees to hear such a claim, it may determine that Israeli law, not U.S. law, is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proven as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process.

Our assets may also be held from time to time outside of the United States.  Since our directors and executive officers are foreign citizens and do not reside in the United States, it may be difficult for courts in the United States to obtain jurisdiction over our foreign assets or persons, and as a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to enforce judgments rendered against us or our directors or executive officers in United States courts. Thus, investing in us may pose a greater risk because should any situation arise in the future in which you would have a cause of action against these persons or against us, you may face potential difficulties in bringing lawsuits or, if successful, in collecting judgments against these persons or against the Company.

We may not be able to raise the required capital to conduct our operations and develop and commercialize our IDSS Software product.

We were incorporated on May 26, 2010. We have not generated any significant revenues. Although we have commenced our new business plan to sell our IDSS Software, we may not be able to execute our business plan. If we do not generate any significant revenues during the remainder of 2014 and into 2015, we will undoubtedly require additional financing in order to establish and maintain profitable operations. Such additional financing, if required, may not be forthcoming. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms we find favorable. Failure to secure any needed additional financing may have a serious effect on our company's ability to survive. At this time, there are no anticipated additional sources of funds in place.

If we continue to suffer losses, investors may not receive any return on their investment and may lose their entire investment. Our prospects must be considered speculative in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development, particularly in light of the uncertainties relating to the new, competitive and rapidly evolving markets in which we anticipate we will operate. To attempt to address these risks, we must, among other things, further develop our technology and product, successfully implement our development, marketing and commercialization strategies, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. A substantial risk is involved in investing in us because, as an early stage company we have fewer resources than an established company, our management may be more likely to make mistakes at such an early stage, and we may be more vulnerable operationally and financially to any mistakes that may be made as well as to external factors beyond our control.

We expect to continue to incur operating losses in future periods. These losses will occur because we do not yet have any significant revenues to offset the expenses associated with the development and promotion of our platform. We cannot guarantee that we will ever be successful in generating significant revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate significant revenues, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations.

Our lack of business diversification could result in the loss of your investment if revenues from our primary product decrease.

Currently, our business is focused on the development and marketing of our IDSS Software. We do not have any other lines of business or other sources of revenue if we are unable to successfully implement our business plan. Our lack of business diversification could cause you to lose all or some of your investment if we are unable to generate revenues by the operation of the gaming platform since we do not have any other lines of business or alternative revenue sources.

12

We need to retain key personnel to support our activities and ongoing operations, and a loss of certain key personnel could significantly hinder our ability to move forward with our business plan.

The development, promotion, and operation of our online gaming platform will continue to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and other needed key employees and contractors who have critical industry experience and relationships that we will rely on to implement our business plan. The loss of the services of any of our officers or the lack of availability of other skilled personnel would negatively impact our ability to market and sell our product, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth.

Since our officers and directors may work or consult for other companies, their other activities could slow down our operations.

Our officers and directors are not required to work exclusively for us and do not devote all of their time to our operations. Presently, our officers and directors allocate only a portion of their time to the operation of our business. Since our officers and directors are currently employed full-time elsewhere, they are each able to commit to us only up to 20-25 hours a week. Therefore, it is possible that their pursuit of other activities may slow our operations and reduce our financial results because of the slow-down in operations.

The commercialization of our IDSS Software will be delayed if third parties fail to enter into sales and/or licensing agreements with us.

We intend to enter into sales and/or licensing agreements for our IDSS Software. We have not yet entered into any sales or licensing agreements.  We may not be successful in entering into any sales and/or licensing agreement. If we are unable to enter into sales and/or licensing agreements, we may not be able to commercialize our IDSS Software product and therefore not generate any revenues.

We depend on market acceptance of our IDSS Software product. If our platform does not gain market acceptance, our ability to compete will be adversely affected.

Our success will depend in large part on our ability to successfully market our IDSS Software. Although we intend to highlight the distinction between our software and that of our competitors, no assurances can be given that we will be able successfully to promote our software or achieve acceptance from the seed breeders that are our target market. Moreover, failure successfully to commercialize our software on a timely and cost-effective basis will have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in our targeted market.

We are a small company with limited resources compared to some of our current and potential competitors and we may not be able to compete effectively and increase market share.

Most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, name recognition and a larger base of customers than we have. As a result, these competitors have greater credibility with our potential customers. They also may be able to adopt more aggressive licensing policies and devote greater resources to the development, enhancement, promotion, and sale of their products and services than we can to ours.

Failure to meet customers’ expectations or deliver expected performance could result in losses and negative publicity, which would harm our business.

If our software fails to perform in the manner expected by our licensees, then our revenues may be delayed or lost due to adverse customer reaction. In addition, negative publicity about us and our software product could adversely affect our ability to attract or retain licensees. Furthermore, disappointed customers may initiate claims for damages against our licensees and us, regardless of our responsibility for their disappointment.

13

Regulatory Risks

We face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These new laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial reporting, have materially increased the legal and financial compliance costs of small companies and have made some activities more time-consuming and more burdensome.

We may not have effective internal controls.

In connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we need to assess the adequacy of our internal control, remedy any weaknesses that may be identified, validate that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal controls. We may discover deficiencies that require us to improve our procedures, processes and systems in order to ensure that our internal controls are adequate and effective and that we are in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If the deficiencies are not adequately addressed, or if we are unable to complete all of our testing and any remediation in time for compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the SEC rules under it, we would be unable to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are designed and operating effectively, which could adversely affect investor confidence in our internal controls over financial reporting.

Risks Relating to Operating in Israel

We conduct our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel or the Middle East.

Our subsidiary offices and our officers and directors are located in Israel.  Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the Middle East may directly affect our business.  Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors.  Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital.  Since September 2000, terrorist violence in Israel has increased significantly and negotiations between Israel and Palestinian representatives have not achieved a peaceful resolution of the conflict.  The establishment in 2006 of a government in Gaza by representatives of the Hamas militant group has created additional unrest and uncertainty in the region.

Further, Israel is currently engaged in an armed conflict with Hamas, which until Operation Cast Lead in January 2009 had involved thousands of missile strikes and had disrupted most day-to-day civilian activity in southern Israel.  The missile attacks by Hamas did not target Tel Aviv, the location of our principal executive offices; however, any armed conflict, terrorist activity or political instability in the region may negatively affect business conditions and could significantly harm our results of operations.