—Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements of this
Form 10-K.

General

Noble
Energy, Inc. (“Noble Energy”, “we” or “us”) is a Delaware corporation,
formed in 1969, that has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) since 1980. We are an independent energy company that has been engaged
in the acquisition, exploration, development, production and marketing of crude
oil and natural gas since 1932. In this report, unless otherwise indicated or
where the context otherwise requires, information includes that of Noble Energy
and its subsidiaries. Exploration activities include geophysical and geological
evaluation and exploratory drilling on properties for which we have exploration
rights. We operate throughout major basins in the United States (“US”) including
Colorado’s Wattenberg field and Piceance basin, the Mid-continent area of
western Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle, the San Juan basin in New Mexico, the
Gulf Coast and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In addition, we conduct business
internationally in China, Ecuador, the Mediterranean Sea, the North
Sea, West Africa (Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon) and in other
areas.  

Strategy

We
are a worldwide producer of crude oil and natural gas. Our strategy is to
achieve growth in earnings and cash flow through the development of a high
quality portfolio of producing assets that is balanced between US and
international projects. Strategic acquisitions (Patina Oil & Gas Corporation
(“Patina”) in 2005 and U.S. Exploration Holdings, Inc. (“U.S. Exploration”)
in 2006), along with additional capital investment have resulted in substantial
growth in the last five years. Acquisitions and capital investment, combined
with the sale of non-core assets, have allowed us to achieve a strategic
objective of enhancing our US asset portfolio, resulting in a company with
assets and capabilities that include growing US basins coupled with a
significant portfolio of international properties. Crude oil and natural gas
sales volumes have doubled since 2003. Our reserve base, which includes both US
and international sources at 58% US and 42% international, has almost doubled in
the same period. We are now a larger, more diversified company with greater
opportunities for both US and international growth. See Item 6. Selected
Financial Data for additional financial and operating information for fiscal
years 2003-2007.

Proved
Reserves

As
of December 31, 2007, we had estimated proved reserves of 3.3 Tcf of
natural gas and 329 MMBbls of crude oil. On a combined basis, these proved
reserves were equivalent to 880 MMBoe, an increase of 5% over the prior year. At
December 31, 2007, 74% of reserves were proved developed
reserves.

 1

 Table of Contents

Proved
reserves estimates at December 31, 2007 were as follows:

 December
 31, 2007

 Proved

 Proved

 Total

 Developed

 Undeveloped

 Proved

 Reserves

 Reserves

 Reserves

 United
 States

 Natural
 gas (Bcf)

1,259

581

1,840

 Crude
 oil (MMBbls)

129

78

207

 Total
 US (MMBoe)

339

175

514

 International

 Natural
 gas (Bcf)

1,297

170

1,467

 Crude
 oil (MMBbls)

100

22

122

 Total
 International (MMBoe)

316

50

366

 Worldwide

 Natural
 gas (Bcf)

2,556

751

3,307

 Crude
 oil (MMBbls)

229

100

329

 Total
 Worldwide (MMBoe)

655

225

880

Proved
oil and gas reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas and
natural gas liquids which geological and engineering data demonstrate with
reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs
under existing economic and operating conditions, i.e., prices and costs as of
the date the estimate is made. Prices include consideration of changes in
existing prices provided only by contractual arrangements, but not on
escalations based upon future conditions. For additional information regarding
estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, including estimates of proved
and proved developed reserves, the standardized measure of discounted future net
cash flows, and the changes in discounted future net cash flows, see Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Supplemental Oil and Gas Information
(Unaudited) and Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates—Reserves.

Engineers
in our Houston, Denver and London offices prepare all reserve estimates for our
different geographical regions. These reserve estimates are reviewed and
approved by senior engineering staff and division management with final approval
by the Director of Asset Development and certain members of senior management.
During each of the years 2007, 2006 and 2005, we retained Netherland,
Sewell & Associates, Inc. (“NSAI”), independent third-party
reserve engineers, to perform reserve audits of proved reserves. A “reserve
audit”, as we use the term, is a process involving an independent third-party
engineering firm’s visits, collection of any and all required geologic,
geophysical, engineering and economic data, and such firm’s complete external
preparation of reserve estimates. Our use of the term “reserve audit” is
intended only to refer to the collective application of the procedures which
NSAI was engaged to perform. The term “reserve audit” may be defined and used
differently by other companies.

The
reserve audit for 2007 included a detailed review of 16 of our major
international, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and US fields, which covered
approximately 71% of US proved reserves and 96% of international proved reserves
(81% of total proved reserves). The reserve audit for 2006 included a detailed
review of 14 of our major international, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and US fields,
which covered approximately 80% of our total proved reserves. The reserve audit
for 2005 included a detailed review of 11 of our major international, deepwater
Gulf of Mexico and US fields, which covered approximately 72% of our total
proved reserves.

In
connection with the 2007 reserve audit, NSAI prepared its own estimates of our
proved reserves. In order to prepare its estimates of proved reserves, NSAI
examined our estimates with respect to reserve quantities, future producing
rates, future net revenue, and the present value of such future net revenue.
NSAI also examined our estimates with respect to reserve categorization, using
the definitions for proved reserves set forth in Regulation S-X
Rule 4-10(a) and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
staff interpretations and guidance. In the conduct of the reserve audit, NSAI
did not independently verify the accuracy and completeness of information and
data furnished by us with respect to ownership interests, oil and gas
production, well test data, historical costs of operation and development,
product prices, or any agreements relating to current and future operations of
the fields and sales of production. However, if in the course of the examination
something came to the attention of NSAI which
brought into question the validity or sufficiency of any such information or
data, NSAI did not rely on such information or data until it had satisfactorily
resolved its questions relating thereto or had independently verified such
information or data. NSAI determined that our estimates of reserves conform to
the guidelines of the SEC, including the criteria of “reasonable certainty,” as
it pertains to expectations about the recoverability of reserves in future
years, under existing economic and operating conditions, consistent with the
definition in Rule 4-10(a)(2) of Regulation S-X. NSAI issued an
unqualified audit opinion on our proved reserves at December 31, 2007,
based upon its evaluation. Its opinion concluded that our estimates of proved
reserves were, in the aggregate, reasonable and have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted petroleum engineering and evaluation
principles.

 2

 Table of Contents

The
fields that NSAI audits include our most significant fields and are chosen by
senior engineering staff and division management with final approval by the
Director of Asset Development and certain members of senior management. We
usually include all deepwater Gulf of Mexico fields, all international fields
that require reports by requirement of the host government, all fields that
require sanctioning by our Board of Directors, and other major fields. No
significant fields were excluded from the December 31, 2007 reserve
audit.

When
compared on a field-by-field basis, some of our estimates are greater and some
are less than the estimates of NSAI. Given the inherent uncertainties and
judgments that go into estimating proved reserves, differences between internal
and external estimates are to be expected. On a quantity basis, the NSAI field
estimates ranged from 21,966 MBoe above to 16,882 MBoe below as compared with
our estimates. On a percentage basis, the NSAI field estimates ranged from 9%
above our estimates to 42% below our estimates. Differences between our
estimates and those of NSAI are reviewed for accuracy but are not further
analyzed unless the aggregate variance is greater than 10%. At December 31,
2007, reserves differences, in the aggregate, were less than 13,200 MBoe, or
2%.

Since
January 1, 2007, no crude oil or natural gas reserve information has
been filed with, or included in any report to any federal authority or agency
other than the SEC and the Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) of the US
Department of Energy. We file Form 23, including reserve and other
information, with the EIA.

Acquisition
and Divestiture Activities

We
maintain an ongoing portfolio optimization program. We may engage in
acquisitions of additional crude oil or natural gas properties and related
assets through either direct acquisitions of the assets or acquisitions of
entities owning the assets. We may also divest non-core assets in order to
optimize our property portfolio.

In
December 2007, we entered into an agreement to sell our interest in Argentina
for a sales price of $117.5 million, effective July 1, 2007. We expect the sale,
which is subject to regulatory and partner approvals, to close in 2008. Crude
oil reserves for the Argentina properties totaled 7 MMBbls at December 31,
2007.

In
2006, we sold all of our Gulf of Mexico shelf properties except for the
Main Pass area, which is undergoing redevelopment studies. As of the effective
date of the sale, proved reserves for the Gulf of Mexico properties sold totaled
approximately 7 MMBbls of crude oil and 110 Bcf of natural gas. Deepwater Gulf
of Mexico and Gulf Coast onshore areas remain core areas and are more aligned
with our long-term business strategies. See Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data—Note 3—Acquisitions and Divestitures.

In
2006, we acquired
U.S. Exploration, a privately held corporation, for $412 million plus
liabilities assumed. U.S. Exploration’s reserves and production are located in
Colorado’s Wattenberg field. This acquisition significantly expanded our
operations in one of our core areas. Proved reserves of U.S. Exploration at the
time of acquisition were approximately 234 Bcfe, of which 38% of the reserves
were proved developed and 55% of the reserves were natural gas. Proved crude oil
and natural gas properties were valued at $413 million and unproved