In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this report, the following factors should be carefully considered when evaluating Nabors.  The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.

Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.

Fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and

 our revenues, cash flows and profitability

Our operations depend on the level of spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and production activities.  Both short-term and long-term trends in oil and natural gas prices affect these levels.  Oil and natural gas prices, as well as the level of drilling, exploration and production activity, can be highly volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, affect both the demand for, and the supply of, oil and natural gas.  Weather conditions, governmental regulation (both in the United States and elsewhere), levels of consumer demand, the availability of pipeline capacity, and other factors beyond our control may also affect the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas. Lower oil and natural gas prices have caused some of our customers to terminate, seek to renegotiate or fail to honor our drilling contracts and affected the fair market value of our rig fleet, which in turn has resulted in impairments of our assets.  A sustained or further decline in oil and natural gas prices could adversely impact our cash forecast models used to determine whether the carrying value of our long-lived assets exceed our future cash flows, which could result in future impairment to our long-lived assets. A prolonged period of lower oil and natural gas prices could affect our ability to retain skilled rig personnel and affect our ability to access capital to finance and grow our business. There can be no assurances as to the future level of demand for our services or future conditions in the oil and natural gas and oilfield services industries.

We operate in a highly competitive industry with excess drilling capacity,

 which may adversely affect our results of operations

The oilfield services industry is very competitive. Contract drilling companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and competition may vary significantly from region to region at any particular time. Many drilling, workover and well-servicing rigs can be moved from one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity and market conditions, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. In many markets where we operate, the number of rigs available for use exceeds the demand for rigs, resulting in price competition. Most drilling and workover contracts are awarded on the basis of competitive bids, which also results in price competition. The land drilling market generally is more competitive than the offshore drilling market because there are larger numbers of rigs and competitors.

The nature of our operations presents inherent risks of loss that could adversely affect our results of

 operations

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling, workover and well-servicing and pressure pumping industries, including blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, loss of well control, loss of or damage to the wellbore or underground reservoir, damaged or lost drilling equipment and damage or loss from inclement weather or natural disasters. Any of these hazards could result in personal injury or death, damage to or destruction of equipment and facilities, suspension of operations, environmental and natural resources damage and damage to the property of others. Our offshore operations are also subject to the hazards of marine operations including capsizing,

11

Table of Contents

grounding, collision, damage from hurricanes and heavy weather or sea conditions and unsound ocean bottom conditions. Our operations are also subject to risks of war, civil disturbances or other political events.

Accidents may occur, we may be unable to obtain desired contractual indemnities, and our insurance may prove inadequate in certain cases.  The occurrence of an event not fully insured or indemnified against, or the failure or inability of a customer or insurer to meet its indemnification or insurance obligations, could result in substantial losses. In addition, insurance may not be available to cover any or all of these risks. Even if available, insurance may be inadequate or insurance premiums or other costs may rise significantly in the future making insurance prohibitively expensive. We expect to continue to face upward pressure in our insurance renewals; our premiums and deductibles may be higher, and some insurance coverage may either be unavailable or more expensive than it has been in the past. Moreover, our insurance coverage generally provides that we assume a portion of the risk in the form of a deductible or self-insured retention. We may choose to increase the levels of deductibles (and thus assume a greater degree of risk) from time to time in order to minimize our overall costs.

The profitability of our operations could be adversely affected

 by war, civil disturbance, terrorist activity or other political or economic turmoil, fluctuation in currency exchange rates and local import and export controls

We derive a significant portion of our business from global markets, including major operations in South America, Mexico, the Middle East, the Far East, the South Pacific, Russia and Africa.  These operations are subject to various risks, including war, civil disturbances, terrorist activity and governmental actions that may limit or disrupt markets, restrict the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of property without fair compensation. In some countries, our operations may be subject to the additional risk of fluctuating currency values and exchange controls.  We are subject to various laws and regulations that govern the operation and taxation of our business and the import and export of our equipment from country to country, the imposition, application and interpretation of which can prove to be uncertain.

As a holding company, we depend on our subsidiaries to meet our financial

 obligations

We are a holding company with no significant assets other than the stock of our subsidiaries. In order to meet our financial needs, we rely exclusively on repayments of interest and principal on intercompany loans that we have made to our operating subsidiaries and income from dividends and other cash flow from our subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that our operating subsidiaries will generate sufficient net income to pay us dividends or sufficient cash flow to make payments of interest and principal to us.  In addition, from time to time, our operating subsidiaries may enter into financing arrangements that contractually restrict or prohibit these types of upstream payments. There can also be adverse tax consequences associated with paying dividends.

Our financial and operating flexibility could be affected by our long-term debt and other financial commitments

As of December 31, 2012, we had long-term debt outstanding of approximately $4.4 billion. We also have various commitments for leases, firm transportation and processing, and purchase commitments. Our ability to service our debt and other obligations depends in large part upon the level of cash flows generated by our subsidiaries’ operations, possible dispositions of non-core assets, availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our ability to access the capital markets.

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital

Our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing is enhanced by our senior unsecured debt ratings as provided by the major credit rating agencies in the United States and our historical ability to access those markets as needed. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales, and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, and commodity pricing levels and others are also considered by the rating agencies. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the cost of future debt, and potentially require us to post letters of credit for certain obligations.

12

Table of Contents

The loss of key executives 

or difficulty attracting and retaining experienced technical personnel

 could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success

The successful execution of the strategies central to our future success will depend, in part, on a few of our key executive officers.  We have an employment agreement with  our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony G. Petrello, with a term through March 30, 2015, and other key personnel within the company. We do not carry significant amounts of key man insurance.  Our operations depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced technical professionals. Competition for such professionals is intense. The loss of Mr. Petrello or other key executive officers, or our inability to attract or retain experienced technical personnel, could harm our ability to compete.

Noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations

Drilling of oil and gas wells is subject to various laws, rules and regulations in the various jurisdictions in where we operate. Our cost of compliance with these laws may be substantial. For example,  the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has promulgated rules requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions applicable to certain offshore oil and natural gas production and onshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities beginning in 2012 for emissions occurring in 2011.  In addition, U.S. federal law imposes on “responsible parties” a variety of regulations related to the prevention of oil spills, release of hazardous substances, and liability for removal costs and natural resource, real or personal property and certain economic damages arising from such incidents. Some of these laws may impose strict and/or joint and several liability for these costs and damages without regard to the conduct of the parties.  As an owner and operator of onshore and offshore rigs and other equipment, we may be deemed to be a responsible party under federal law. In addition, our completion and production services operations routinely involve the handling of significant amounts of materials, some of which are classified as solid or hazardous wastes or hazardous substances. We are subject to various laws governing the containment and disposal of hazardous substances, oilfield waste and other waste materials, the use of underground storage tanks and the use of underground injection wells. We employ personnel responsible for monitoring environmental compliance and arranging for remedial actions that may be required from time to time and also use consultants to advise on and assist with our environmental compliance efforts. Liabilities are recorded when the need for environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts become known or probable and the cost can be reasonably estimated.

The expansion of the scope of laws protecting the environment has accelerated in recent years, particularly outside the United States, and we expect this trend to continue. The violation of environmental laws can lead to the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial obligations, and in some cases injunctive relief.  Violations may also result in liabilities for personal injuries, property and natural resource damage and other costs and claims.  We are not always successful in allocating all risks of these environmental liabilities to customers, and it is possible that customers who assume the risks will be financially unable to bear any resulting costs.

Changes in environmental laws related to hydraulic fracturing or other operations could result in increased costs of compliance and reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the demand for fracturing and other services or our results of operations

Operations in our Completion Services operating segment include hydraulic fracturing, a process sometimes used in the completion of oil and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate gas and, to a lesser extent, oil production. In 2011, the U.S. Department of Energy released a report on hydraulic fracturing, recommending the implementation of a variety of measures to reduce the environmental impacts from shale-gas production. The report could spur initiatives to regulate hydraulic fracturing under the Safe Drinking Water Act or under newly established legislation. Legislation has also been introduced in the U.S. Congress and adopted or introduced in some states requiring disclosure of chemicals used in the fracturing process.  If enacted, the legislation could require fracturing activities to meet permitting and financial assurance requirements, adhere to certain construction specifications, fulfill monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and meet plugging and abandonment requirements.  EPA has indicated an intent to regulate wastewater discharges under the Federal Clean Water Act from hydraulic fracturing and other natural gas production.  In 2012, EPA also promulgated new rules establishing new air emission controls for oil and gas production and natural gas processing operations.  These rules require, among other things, controlling emissions through flaring until 2015 and thereafter through reduced emissions completions, as well as imposing new requirements on emissions from tanks and other equipment.   These rules and any other new laws regulating production and completion activities could cause operational delays, increased costs of compliance or increased costs in exploration and production, which could adversely affect our business and the demand for fracturing services.

Changes in environmental laws may also negatively impact the operations of oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, which in turn could have an adverse effect on us. For example, legislation has been proposed from time to time in the U.S. Congress that would reclassify some oil and natural gas production wastes as hazardous wastes under the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act, which would make the reclassified wastes subject to more stringent and costly handling, disposal and clean-up requirements. In addition, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act provides the federal government with broad discretion in regulating the leasing of offshore oil and gas production sites. Legislators and regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate also focus increasingly on restricting the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases that may contribute to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere, and other climatic changes.  The U.S. Congress has considered legislation designed to reduce emission of greenhouse gases, and some states in which we operate have passed legislation or adopted initiatives, such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative in the northeastern United States and the Western Regional Climate Action Initiative, which establish greenhouse gas inventories and/or cap-and-trade programs.  Some international initiatives have also been adopted, which could result in increased costs of operations in covered jurisdictions.  In addition, the EPA has published findings that emissions of greenhouse gases present an endangerment to public health and the environment, paving the way for further regulations that could restrict emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act.   Future or more stringent regulation could dramatically increase operating costs for oil and natural gas companies and could reduce the market for our services by making wells and/or oilfields uneconomical to operate.

13

Table of Contents

Significant exercises of stock options could adversely affect the market

 price of our common shares

As of February 25, 2013, we had 800,000,000 authorized common shares, of which 319,449,700 shares were outstanding. In addition, 37,726,170 common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to stock option and employee benefit plans.  The sale, or availability for sale, of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public market, whether directly by us or resulting from the exercise of options (and, where applicable, sales pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act), would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.

Provisions in our organizational documents may deter a change-of-control

 transaction and decrease the likelihood of a shareholder receiving a change-of
-
control premium; conversely, those provisions may be insufficient to thwart an attempt to acquire control without paying a control premium

The Board of Directors has the authority to issue a significant number of common shares and up to 25,000,000 preferred shares, and to determine the price, rights (including voting rights), conversion ratios, preferences and privileges of the preferred shares, without any vote or action by shareholders.  In 2012, the Board of Directors adopted a shareholder rights plan that limits the voting power a person can acquire without either securing the approval of the Board or having their voting interest diluted.  The plan will expire in July 2013 unless it is extended.  Although these provisions are designed to enhance the ability of the Board to negotiate with a potential acquiror to ensure that all shareholders receive fair value in exchange for control of the Company, they may also discourage potential acquirors and thus reduce the possibility of a takeover and therefore the likelihood that shareholders would receive a premium for their shares.

Conversely, we declassified our Board in 2012, which makes it easier for another party to acquire control of the Company.  If the shareholder rights plan is not extended beyond July 2013, the ability of the Board to maximize value for all shareholders in a change-of-control transaction may be further diminished.

14

Table of Contents

We may have additional tax liabilities

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly audited by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than what is reflected in income tax provisions and accruals. An audit or litigation could materially affect our financial position, income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods challenged.  It is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date.

Proposed tax legislation could mitigate or eliminate the benefits of our 2002

 reorganization as a Bermuda company

Various bills have been introduced in the U.S. Congress that could reduce or eliminate the tax benefits associated with our 2002 reorganization as a Bermuda company. There has been and we expect that there may continue to be legislation proposed by the U.S. Congress from time to time which, if enacted, could limit or eliminate the tax benefits associated with our reorganization. No assurance can be given that the tax benefits associated with our reorganization will continue to accrue to the benefit of the Company and its shareholders.

Legal proceedings could affect our financial condition and results of

 operations

We are subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations from time to time that include employment, tort, intellectual property and other claims, and purported class action and shareholder derivative actions. We are also subject to complaints and allegations from former, current or prospective employees from time to time, alleging violations of employment-related laws. Lawsuits or claims could result in decisions against us that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

The profitability of our operations could be adversely affected by turmoil in the global financial markets

The changes in general financial and political conditions, including the U.S. government budget, the downgrade by Standard & Poor’s of the credit rating of U.S. government securities and concerns over the European sovereign debt crisis and banking industry has created a great deal of uncertainty in the recovery of the world economy. If global economic uncertainties continue over a prolonged period of time or develop adversely, there could be a material adverse impact on our credit ratings and liquidity and those of our customers and other worldwide business partners. If global oil and gas prices were to decline rapidly, it could lead our customers to curtail their operations or expansion and cause difficulties for us and our customers to forecast future capital expenditures, which in turn could negatively impact the worldwide rig count and our future financial results.