, please see Part I — Item 1A. — Risk Factors.

     Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,”
“us,” “our,” “the Company,” or “Nabors” means Nabors Industries Ltd. and, where the context
requires, includes our subsidiaries.

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Introduction.

     Nabors is the largest land drilling contractor in the world with approximately 535 actively
marketed land drilling rigs. We conduct oil, gas and geothermal land drilling operations in the
U.S. Lower 48 states, Alaska, Canada, South America, Mexico, the Caribbean, the Middle East, the
Far East, Russia and Africa. We are also one of the largest land well-servicing and workover
contractors in the United States and Canada. We actively market approximately 564 land workover and
well-servicing rigs in the United States, primarily in the southwestern and western United States,
and approximately 173 land workover and well-servicing rigs in Canada. Nabors is a leading provider
of offshore platform workover and drilling rigs, and actively markets 35 platform, 12 jack-up units
and 4 barge rigs in the United States and multiple international markets. These rigs provide
well-servicing, workover and drilling services. We have a 51% ownership interest in a joint venture
in Saudi Arabia, which actively markets 9 rigs. We also offer a wide range of ancillary well-site
services, including engineering, construction, maintenance, well logging, directional drilling, rig
instrumentation, data collection and other support services in selected domestic and international
markets. We provide logistics services for onshore drilling in Canada using helicopters and
fixed-winged aircraft. We manufacture and lease or sell top drives for a broad range of drilling
applications, directional drilling systems, rig instrumentation and data collection equipment,
pipeline handling equipment and rig reporting software. We also invest in oil and gas exploration,
development and production activities and have 49% ownership interests in joint ventures in the
U.S., Canada and International areas.

     Nabors was formed as a Bermuda-exempt company on December 11, 2001. Through predecessors and
acquired entities, Nabors has been continuously operating in the drilling sector since the early
1900s. Our principal executive offices are located at Mintflower Place, 8 Par-La-Ville Road,
Hamilton, HM08, Bermuda. Our phone number at our principal executive offices is (441) 292-1510.

Our Fleet of Rigs.

 •

Land Rigs. A land-based drilling rig generally consists of engines, a drawworks, a mast (or
derrick), pumps to circulate the drilling fluid (mud) under various pressures, blowout
preventers, drill string and related equipment. The engines power the different pieces of
equipment, including a rotary table or top drive that turns the drill string, causing the
drill bit to bore through the subsurface rock layers. Rock cuttings are carried to the surface
by the circulating drilling fluid. The intended well depth, bore hole diameter and drilling
site conditions are the principal factors that determine the size and type of rig most
suitable for a particular drilling job.

3

Table of Contents

A land-based workover or well-servicing rig consists of a mobile carrier, engine, drawworks and a mast. The mobile workover or
well-servicing rig is specially designed for periodic maintenance as well as major repairs and
modifications of oil and gas wells for which service is required to maximize the productive life
of such wells. Workovers may be required to remedy failures, modify well depth and formation
penetration to capture hydrocarbons from alternative formations, clean out and recomplete a well
when production has declined, repair leaks or convert a depleted well to an injection well for
secondary or enhanced recovery projects. The primary function of a workover or well-servicing
rig is to act as a hoist so that pipe, sucker rods and down-hole equipment can be run into and
out of a well. Because of size and cost considerations, well-servicing and workover rigs are used
for these operations rather than the larger drilling rigs. Land-based drilling rigs are moved
between well sites and between geographic areas of operations by using our fleet of cranes,
loaders and transport vehicles or those from a third party service vendor. Well-servicing rigs
are generally self-propelled units and heavier capacity workover rigs are either self-propelled
or trailer mounted and include auxiliary equipment, which is either transported on trailers or
moved with trucks.

 •

Platform Rigs. Platform rigs provide offshore workover, drilling and re-entry services. Our
platform rigs have drilling and/or well-servicing or workover equipment and machinery arranged
in modular packages that are transported to, and assembled and installed on, fixed offshore
platforms owned by the customer. Fixed offshore platforms are steel tower-like structures that
either stand on the ocean floor or are moored floating structures. The top portion, or
platform, sits above the water level and provides the foundation upon which the platform rig
is placed.

 •

Jack-up Rigs. Jack-up rigs are mobile, self-elevating drilling and workover platforms
equipped with legs that can be lowered to the ocean floor until a foundation is established to
support the hull, which contains the drilling and/or workover equipment, jacking system, crew
quarters, loading and unloading facilities, storage areas for bulk and liquid materials,
helicopter landing deck and other related equipment. The rig legs may operate independently or
have a mat attached to the lower portion of the legs in order to provide a more stable
foundation in soft bottom areas. Many of our jack-up rigs are of cantilever design — a
feature that permits the drilling platform to be extended out from the hull, allowing it to
perform drilling or workover operations over adjacent, fixed platforms. Nabors’ shallow
workover jack-up rigs generally are subject to a maximum water depth of approximately 125
feet, while some of our jack-up rigs may drill in water depths as shallow as 13 feet. Nabors
also has deeper water depth capacity jack-up rigs that are capable of drilling at depths
between eight feet and 150 to 250 feet. The water depth limit of a particular rig is
determined by the length of the rig’s legs and the operating environment. Moving a rig from
one drill site to another involves lowering the hull down into the water until it is afloat
and then jacking up its legs with the hull floating. The rig is then towed to the new drilling
site.

 •

Inland Barge Rigs. One of Nabors’ barge rigs is a full-size drilling unit. Nabors also owns
two workover inland barge rigs. These barges are designed to perform plugging and abandonment,
well service or workover services in shallow inland, coastal or offshore waters. Our barge
rigs can operate at depths between three and 20 feet.

Additional information regarding the geographic markets in which we operate and our business
segments can be found in Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part
II, Item 8. below.

Customers: Types of Drilling Contracts.

     Our customers include major oil and gas companies, foreign national oil and gas companies and
independent oil and gas companies. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of consolidated
revenues in 2007 or in 2006.

     On land in the U.S. Lower 48 states and Canada, we have historically been contracted on a
single-well basis, with extensions subject to mutual agreement on pricing and other significant
terms. Beginning in late 2004, as a result of increasing demand for drilling services, our
customers started entering into longer term contracts with durations ranging from one to three
years. Under these contracts our rigs are committed to one customer over that term. Increasingly,
these contracts are being signed for three-year terms for newly constructed rigs. Contracts
relating to offshore drilling and land drilling in Alaska and international markets generally
provide for longer terms, usually from one to five years. Offshore workover projects are often on a
single-well basis. We generally are awarded drilling contracts through competitive bidding,
although we occasionally enter into contracts by direct negotiation. Most of our single-well
contracts are subject to termination by the customer on short notice, but some can be firm for a
number of wells or a period of time, and may provide for early termination compensation in certain
circumstances. The contract terms and rates may differ depending on a variety of factors, including
competitive conditions, the geographical area, the geological formation to be drilled, the
equipment and services to be supplied, the on-site drilling conditions and the anticipated duration
of the work to be performed.

4

Table of Contents

     In recent years, all of our drilling contracts have been daywork contracts. A daywork contract
generally provides for a basic rate per day when drilling (the dayrate for us providing a rig and
crew) and for lower rates when the rig is moving, or when drilling
operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather conditions
or other conditions beyond our control. In addition, daywork contracts may provide for a lump sum
fee for the mobilization and demobilization of the rig, which in most cases approximates our
incurred costs. A daywork contract differs from a footage contract (in which the drilling
contractor is paid on the basis of a rate per foot drilled) and a turnkey contract (in which the
drilling contractor is paid for drilling a well to a specified depth for a fixed price).

Well-Servicing and Workover Services.

     Although some wells in the United States flow oil to the surface without mechanical
assistance, most are in mature production areas that require pumping or some other form of
artificial lift. Pumping oil wells characteristically require more maintenance than flowing wells
because of the operation of the mechanical pumping equipment installed.

 •

Well-Servicing/Maintenance Services. We provide maintenance services on the mechanical
apparatus used to pump or lift oil from producing wells. These services include, among other
things, repairing and replacing pumps, sucker rods and tubing. We provide the rigs, equipment
and crews for these tasks, which are performed on both oil and natural gas wells, but which
are more commonly required on oil wells. Maintenance services typically take less than 48
hours to complete. Well-servicing rigs generally are provided to customers on a call-out
basis. We are paid an hourly rate and work typically is performed five days a week during
daylight hours.

 •

Workover Services. Producing oil and natural gas wells occasionally require major repairs or
modifications, called “workovers.” Workovers normally are carried out with a well-servicing
rig that includes additional specialized accessory equipment, which may include rotary
drilling equipment, mud pumps, mud tanks and blowout preventers. A workover may last anywhere
from a few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly rate and work is generally performed
seven days a week, 24 hours a day.

 •

Completion Services. The kinds of activities necessary to carry out a workover operation are
essentially the same as those that are required to “complete” a well when it is first drilled.
The completion process may involve selectively perforating the well casing at the depth of
discrete producing zones, stimulating and testing these zones and installing down-hole
equipment. The completion process may take a few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly
rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a day.

 •

Production and Other Specialized Services. We also can provide other specialized services,
including onsite temporary fluid-storage facilities, the provision, removal and disposal of
specialized fluids used during certain completion and workover operations, and the removal and
disposal of salt water that often is produced in conjunction with the production of oil and
natural gas. We also provide plugging services for wells from which the oil and natural gas
has been depleted or further production has become uneconomical. We are paid an hourly or a
per unit rate, as applicable, for these services.

Oil and Gas Investments.

     Through our Ramshorn business unit, Nabors makes selective investments in oil and gas
exploration, development and production operations. Beginning in late 2006, we entered into an
agreement with First Reserve Corporation to form select joint ventures to invest in oil and gas
exploration opportunities worldwide. During 2007, three joint ventures were formed for operations
in the United States, Canada and International areas. We hold a 49%
ownership interest in these joint ventures. Additional information about
recent activities for this segment can be found in Part II, Item 7. — Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Oil and Gas.

Other Services.

     Canrig Drilling Technology Ltd., our drilling technologies subsidiary, manufactures top
drives, which are installed on both onshore and offshore drilling rigs. Our top drives are marketed
throughout the world. During the last three years, approximately 65% of our top drive sales were
made to other Nabors companies. We also rent top drives and provide top drive installation, repair
and maintenance services to our customers. Canrig Drilling Technology Canada Ltd. manufactures
catwalks and wrenches which are installed on both onshore and offshore drilling rigs. During the
last nineteen months of operations since acquisition, approximately 62% of the equipment sales were
made to other Nabors companies. Epoch Well Services, Inc., our well services subsidiary, offers rig
instrumentation equipment, including sensors, proprietary RIGWATCH™ software and computerized
equipment that monitors the

5

Table of Contents

real-time performance of a rig. In addition, Epoch specializes in daily
reporting software for drilling operations, making this data available through the internet via
mywells.com. Epoch also provides mudlogging services. Ryan Energy Technologies, Inc., another
one of our subsidiaries, manufactures and sells directional drilling and rig instrumentation
and data collection services to oil and gas exploration and service companies. Nabors has a 50%
interest in Peak Oilfield Services Company, a general partnership with a subsidiary of Cook Inlet
Region, Inc., a leading Alaskan native corporation. Peak Oilfield Services provides heavy equipment
to move drilling rigs, water, other fluids and construction materials, primarily on Alaska’s North
Slope and in the Cook Inlet region. The partnership also provides construction and maintenance for
ice roads, pads, facilities, equipment, drill sites and pipelines. Nabors also has a 50% interest
in Alaska Interstate Construction, a limited liability company whose other primary partner is Cook
Inlet Region, Inc. Alaska Interstate Construction is a general contractor involved in the
construction of roads, bridges, dams, drill sites and other facility sites, as well as providing
mining support in Alaska. Revenues are derived from services to companies engaged in mining and
public works. Our subsidiary, Peak USA Energy Services, Ltd., provides hauling and maintenance
services for customers in the U.S. Lower 48 states. Nabors Blue Sky Ltd. leases aircraft used for
logistics services for onshore drilling in Canada using helicopters and fixed-winged aircraft.

Our Employees.

     As of December 31, 2007, Nabors employed approximately 23,965 persons, of whom approximately
3,044 were employed by unconsolidated affiliates. We believe our relationship with our employees
generally is good.

     Certain rig employees in Argentina and Australia are represented by collective bargaining
units.

Seasonality.

     Our Canadian and Alaskan drilling and workover operations are subject to seasonal variations
as a result of weather conditions and generally experience reduced levels of activity and financial
results during the second calendar quarter of each year. Seasonality does not have a material
impact on the remaining portions of our business. Our overall financial results reflect the
seasonal variations experienced in our Canadian and Alaskan operations.

Research and Development.

     Research and development constitutes a growing part of our overall business. The effective use
of technology is critical to the maintenance of our competitive position within the drilling
industry. As a result of the importance of technology to our business, we expect to continue to
develop technology internally or to acquire technology through strategic acquisitions.

Industry/Competitive Conditions.

     To a large degree, Nabors’ businesses depend on the level of capital spending by oil and gas
companies for exploration, development and production activities. A sustained increase or decrease
in the price of natural gas or oil could have a material impact on exploration, development and
production activities by our customers and could also materially affect our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. See Part I — Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Fluctuations in oil
and gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and Nabors’ revenues, cash flows and
profitability.

     Our industry remains competitive. Historically, the number of rigs has exceeded demand in many
of our markets, resulting in strong price competition. More recently, as a result of improved
demand for drilling services driven by a sustained high level of commodity prices, supply and
demand have been in balance in most of our markets, with demand actually exceeding supply in some
of our markets. This economic reality has resulted in an increase in rates being charged for rigs
across our North American, Offshore and International markets. Furthermore, over the last three
years, the dramatic increase in rates along with our customers’ willingness to enter into firm
three-year commitments has resulted in our building of new rigs in significant quantities for the
first time in over 20 years. However, as many existing rigs can be readily moved from one region to
another in response to changes in levels of activity and many of the total available contracts are
currently awarded on a bid basis, competition based on price for both existing and new rigs still
exists across all of our markets. The land drilling, workover and well-servicing market is
generally more competitive than the offshore market due to the larger number of rigs and market
participants.

     In all of our geographic market areas, we believe price and availability and condition of
equipment are the most significant factors in determining which drilling contractor is awarded a
job. Other factors include the availability of trained personnel possessing the required
specialized skills; the overall quality of service and safety record; and domestically, the ability
to offer ancillary services.

6

Table of Contents

Increasingly, as the market requires additional rigs and as a result
of new build capacity, the ability to deliver rigs within certain
timeframes is becoming a competitive factor. In international markets, experience in operating
in certain environments and customer alliances, also have been factors in the selection of Nabors.

     Certain competitors are present in more than one of Nabors’ operating regions, although no one
competitor operates in all of these areas. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, there are several hundred
competitors with national, regional or local rig operations. In domestic land workover and
well-servicing, we compete with Basic Energy Services, Inc. and Key Energy Services, Inc. and with
numerous other competitors having smaller regional or local rig operations. In Canada and offshore,
Nabors competes with many firms of varying size, several of which have more significant operations
in those areas than Nabors. Internationally, Nabors competes directly with various contractors at
each location where it operates. Nabors believes that the market for land drilling, workover and
well-servicing contracts will continue to be competitive for the foreseeable future.

     Our other operating segments represent a relatively smaller part of our business, and we have
numerous competitors in each area. Our Canrig subsidiary is one of the four major manufacturers of
top drives. Its largest competitors are National Oilwell Varco, Tesco and MH Pyramid. Epoch’s
largest competitors in the manufacture of rig instrumentation systems are Pason and National
Oilwell Varco’s Totco subsidiary. Mudlogging services are provided by a number of entities that
serve the oil and gas industry on a regional basis. Epoch competes for mudlogging customers with
Baker Hughes, Sperry Sun, Diversified, and Stratagraph in the Gulf Coast region, California and
Alaska. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, there are hundreds of rig transportation companies, and there
are at least three or four that compete with Peak USA in each of its operating regions. In Alaska,
Peak Oilfield Services principally competes with Alaska Petroleum Contractors for road, pad and
pipeline maintenance, and is one of many drill site and road construction companies, the largest of
which is VECO Corporation, and Alaska Interstate Construction principally competes with Wilder
Construction Company and Cruz Construction Company for the construction of roads, bridges, dams,
drill sites and other facility sites.

Our Business Strategy.

     Since 1987, with the installation of our current management team, Nabors has adhered to a
consistent strategy aimed at positioning our company to grow and prosper in good times and to
mitigate adverse effects during periods of poor market conditions. We have maintained a financial
posture that allows us to capitalize on market weakness and strength by adding to our business
base, thereby enhancing our upside potential. The principal elements of our strategy have been to:

•

Maintain flexibility to respond to changing conditions.

•

Maintain a conservative and flexible balance sheet.

•

Build cost effectively a base of premium assets.

•

Build and maintain low operating costs through economies of scale.

•

Develop and maintain long-term, mutually attractive relationships with key customers and
vendors.

•

Build a diverse business in long-term, sustainable and worthwhile geographic markets.

•

Recognize and seize opportunities as they arise.

•

Continually improve safety, quality and efficiency.

•

Implement leading edge technology where cost-effective to do so.

•

Build shareholder value by an expansion of our oil and gas reserves and production.

     Our business strategy is designed to allow us to grow and remain profitable in any market
environment. The major developments in our business in the past three years illustrate our
implementation of this strategy and its continuing success. Specifically, we have taken advantage
of the robust rig market to obtain a high volume of contracts for newly constructed rigs. A large
proportion of these rigs are subject to long-term contracts with creditworthy customers with the
most significant impact occurring in our International operations. This will not only expand our
operations with the latest state-of-the-art rigs, which should better weather downturns in market
activity, but eventually replace the oldest least capable rigs in our existing fleet.

7

Table of Contents

Acquisitions and Divestitures.

     We have grown from a land drilling business centered in the U.S. Lower 48 states, Canada and
Alaska to an international business with operations on land and offshore in many of the major oil,
gas and geothermal markets in the world. At the beginning of 1990, our fleet consisted of 44
actively marketed land drilling rigs in Canada, Alaska and in various international markets. Today,
Nabors’ worldwide fleet of actively marketed rigs consist of approximately 535 land drilling rigs,
approximately 564 domestic and 173 international land workover and well-servicing rigs, 35 offshore
platform rigs, 12 jack-up units, 4 barge rigs and a large component of trucks and fluid hauling
vehicles. This growth was fueled in part by strategic acquisitions. Although Nabors continues to
examine opportunities, there can be no assurance that attractive rigs or other acquisition
opportunities will continue to be available, that the pricing will be economical or that we will be
successful in making such acquisitions in the future.

     On January 3, 2006, we completed an acquisition of 1183011 Alberta Ltd., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Airborne Energy Solutions Ltd., through the purchase of all common shares outstanding
for cash for a total purchase price of Cdn. $41.7 million (U.S. $35.8 million). In addition, we
assumed debt, net of working capital, totaling approximately Cdn. $10.0 million (U.S. $8.6
million). Nabors Blue Sky Ltd. (formerly 1183011 Alberta Ltd.) owns 42 helicopters and fixed-wing
aircraft and owns and operates a fleet of heliportable well-service equipment. The purchase price
has been allocated based on final valuations of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of the acquisition date and resulted in goodwill of approximately U.S. $18.8 million.

     On May 31, 2006, we completed an acquisition of Pragma Drilling Equipment Ltd.’s business,
which manufactures catwalks, iron roughnecks and other related oilfield equipment, through an asset
purchase consisting primarily of intellectual property for a total purchase price of Cdn. $46.1
million (U.S. $41.5 million). The purchase price has been allocated based on final valuations of
the fair market value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date and
resulted in goodwill of approximately U.S. $10.5 million.

     On August 8, 2007, we sold our Sea Mar business which had previously been included in Other
Operating segments. The assets included 20 offshore supply vessels and certain related assets,
including a right under a vessel construction contract. The operating results of this business for
all periods presented are accounted for as a discontinued operation in the accompanying audited
consolidated statements of income.

     From time to time, we may sell a subsidiary or group of assets outside of our core markets or
business, if it is economically advantageous for us to do so.

Environmental Compliance.

     Nabors does not presently anticipate that compliance with currently applicable environmental
regulations and controls will significantly change its competitive position, capital spending or
earnings during 2008. Nabors believes it is in material compliance with applicable environmental
rules and regulations, and the cost of such compliance is not material to the business or financial
condition of Nabors. For a more detailed description of the environmental laws and regulations
applicable to Nabors operations, see below under Part I — Item 1A. — 
Risk Factors — Changes to
or noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could
adversely affect Nabors’ results of operations.

8

Table of Contents



     In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following
factors should be carefully considered when evaluating Nabors.

Fluctuations in oil and gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash
flows and profitability

     Our operations are materially dependent upon the level of activity in oil and gas exploration
and production. Both short-term and long-term trends in oil and gas prices affect the level of such
activity. Oil and gas prices and, therefore, the level of drilling, exploration and production
activity can be volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including initiatives
by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, may affect both the demand for, and the
supply of, oil and gas. Weather conditions, governmental regulation (both in the United States and
elsewhere), levels of consumer demand, the availability of pipeline capacity, and other factors
beyond our control may also affect the supply of and demand for oil and gas. We believe that any
prolonged reduction in oil and gas prices would depress the level of exploration and production
activity. This would likely result in a corresponding decline in the demand for our services and
could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability. Lower oil and
gas prices could also cause our customers to seek to terminate, renegotiate or fail to honor our
drilling contracts; affect the fair market value of our rig fleet which in turn could trigger a
write-down for accounting purposes; affect our ability to retain skilled rig personnel; and affect
our ability to obtain access to capital to finance and grow our business. There can be no
assurances as to the future level of demand for our services or future conditions in the oil and
gas and oilfield services industries.

We operate in a highly competitive industry with excess drilling capacity, which may adversely
affect our results of operations

     The oilfield services industry in which we operate is very competitive. Contract drilling
companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and competition may vary significantly from region
to region at any particular time. Many drilling, workover and well-servicing rigs can be moved from
one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity and provided market conditions
warrant, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. In many markets in which we operate,
the number of rigs available for use exceeds the demand for rigs, resulting in price competition.
Most drilling and workover contracts are awarded on the basis of competitive bids, which also
results in price competition. The land drilling market generally is more competitive than the
offshore drilling market because there are larger numbers of rigs and competitors.

The nature of our operations presents inherent risks of loss that, if not insured or indemnified
against, could adversely affect our results of operations

     Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling, workover and
well-servicing industries, including blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, loss of well control,
loss of hole, damaged or lost drilling equipment and damage or loss from inclement weather or
natural disasters. Any of these hazards could result in personal injury or death, damage to or
destruction of equipment and facilities, suspension of operations, environmental damage and damage
to the property of others. Our offshore operations are also subject to the hazards of marine
operations including capsizing, grounding, collision, damage from hurricanes and heavy weather or
sea conditions and unsound ocean bottom conditions. In addition, our international operations are
subject to risks of war, civil disturbances or other political events. Generally, drilling
contracts provide for the division of responsibilities between a drilling company and its customer,
and we seek to obtain indemnification from our customers by contract for certain of these risks. To
the extent that we are unable to transfer such risks to customers by contract or indemnification
agreements, we seek protection through insurance. However, there is no assurance that such
insurance or indemnification agreements will adequately protect us against liability from all of
the consequences of the hazards described above. The occurrence of an event not fully insured or
indemnified against, or the failure of a customer or insurer to meet its indemnification or
insurance obligations, could result in substantial losses. In addition, there can be no assurance
that insurance will be available to cover any or all of these risks, or, even if available, that it
will be adequate or that insurance premiums or other costs will not rise significantly in the
future, so as to make such insurance prohibitive. It is possible that we will face continued upward
pressure in our upcoming insurance renewals, our premiums and deductibles will be higher, and
certain insurance coverage either will be unavailable or more expensive than it has been in the
past. Moreover, our insurance coverage generally provides that we assume a portion of the risk in
the form of a deductible. We may choose to increase the levels of deductibles (and thus assume a
greater degree of risk) from time to time in order to minimize the overall cost to the Company.

9

Table of Contents

The profitability of our international operations could be adversely affected by war, civil
disturbance or political or economic turmoil

     We derive a significant portion of our business from international markets, including major
operations in Canada, South America, Mexico, the Caribbean, the Middle East, the Far East, Russia
and Africa. These operations are subject to various risks, including the risk of war, civil
disturbances and governmental activities that may limit or disrupt markets, restrict the movement
of funds or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of property without fair
compensation. In certain countries, our operations may be subject to the additional risk of
fluctuating currency values and exchange controls. In the international markets in which we
operate, we are subject to various laws and regulations that govern the operation and taxation of
our business and the import and export of our equipment from country to country, the imposition,
application and interpretation of which can prove to be uncertain.

Changes to or noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities
could adversely affect our results of operations

     The drilling of oil and gas wells is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign
laws, rules and regulations. Our cost of compliance with these laws and regulations may be
substantial. For example, federal law imposes a variety of regulations on “responsible parties”
related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages from such spills. As an owner and
operator of onshore and offshore rigs and transportation equipment, we may be deemed to be a
responsible party under federal law. In addition, our well-servicing, workover and production
services operations routinely involve the handling of significant amounts of waste materials, some
of which are classified as hazardous substances. Our operations and facilities are subject to
numerous state and federal environmental laws, rules and regulations, including, without
limitation, laws concerning the containment and disposal of hazardous substances, oilfield waste
and other waste materials, the use of underground storage tanks and the use of underground
injection wells. We generally require customers to contractually assume responsibility for
compliance with environmental regulations. However, we are not always successful in allocating to
customers all of these risks nor is there any assurance that the customer will be financially able
to bear those risks assumed.

     We employ personnel responsible for monitoring environmental compliance and arranging for
remedial actions that may be required from time to time and also use consultants and to advise on
and assist with our environmental compliance efforts. Liabilities are recorded when the need for
environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts become known or probable and the cost can be
reasonably estimated.

     Laws protecting the environment generally have become more stringent than in the past and are
expected to continue to become more so. Violation of environmental laws and regulations can lead to
the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial obligations, and in some
cases injunctive relief. Such violations could also result in liabilities for personal injuries,
property damage, and other costs and claims.

     Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as
CERCLA or Superfund, and related state laws and regulations, liability can be imposed jointly on
the entire group of responsible parties or separately on any one of the responsible parties,
without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on certain classes of persons that
contributed to the release of a “hazardous substance” into the environment. Under CERCLA, such
persons may be liable for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released
into the environment and for damages to natural resources.

     Changes in federal and state environmental regulations may also negatively impact oil and
natural gas exploration and production companies, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on us. For example, legislation has been proposed from time to time in Congress which would
reclassify certain oil and natural gas production wastes as hazardous wastes, which would make the
reclassified wastes subject to more stringent handling, disposal and clean-up requirements. If
enacted, such legislation could dramatically increase operating costs for oil and natural gas
companies and could reduce the market for our services by making many wells and/or oilfields
uneconomical to operate.

     The Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended, contains provisions specifying responsibility for
removal costs and damages resulting from discharges of oil into navigable waters or onto the
adjoining shorelines. In addition, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act provides the federal
government with broad discretion in regulating the leasing of offshore oil and gas production
sites.

As a holding company, we depend on our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations

10

Table of Contents

     We are a holding company with no significant assets other than the stock of our subsidiaries.
In order to meet our financial needs, we rely exclusively on repayments of interest and principal
on intercompany loans made by us to our operating subsidiaries and income from dividends and other
cash flow from such subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that our operating subsidiaries will
generate sufficient net income to pay upstream dividends or cash flow to make payments of interest
and principal to us in respect of their intercompany loans. In addition, from time to time, our
operating subsidiaries may enter into financing arrangements which may contractually restrict or
prohibit such upstream payments to us. There may also be adverse tax consequences associated with
making dividend payments upstream.

We do not currently intend to pay dividends

     We have not paid any cash dividends on our common shares since 1982. Nabors does not currently
intend to pay any cash dividends on its common shares. However, we note that there have been recent
positive industry trends and changes in tax law providing more favorable treatment of dividends. As
a result, we can give no assurance that we will not reevaluate our position on dividends in the
future.

Because our option, warrant and convertible securities holders have a considerable number of common
shares available for issuance and resale, significant issuances or resales in the future may
adversely affect the market price of our common shares

     As of February 22, 2008, we had 800,000,000 authorized common shares, of which
280,678,568 shares were outstanding. In addition,
29,557,933 common shares were reserved for issuance
pursuant to option and employee benefit plans, and
99,156,387 shares were reserved for
issuance upon conversion or repurchase of outstanding zero coupon convertible debentures and zero
coupon senior exchangeable notes. In addition, up to 121,008 of our common shares could be
issuable on exchange of the shares of Nabors Exchangeco (Canada) Inc. We also may sell up to $700
million of securities of various types in connection with a shelf registration statement declared
effective on January 16, 2003 by the SEC. The sale, or availability for sale, of substantial
amounts of our common shares in the public market, whether directly by us or resulting from the
exercise of warrants or options (and, where applicable, sales pursuant to Rule 144) or the
conversion into common shares, or repurchase of debentures and notes using common shares, would be
dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our
common shares and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity
securities.

Provisions of our organizational documents may deter a change of control transaction and decrease
the likelihood of a shareholder receiving a change of control premium

     Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving a staggered
three-year term. In addition, our board of directors has the authority to issue a significant
amount of common shares and up to 25,000,000 preferred shares and to determine the price, rights
(including voting rights), conversion ratios, preferences and privileges of the preferred shares,
in each case without further vote or action by the holders of the common shares. Although we have
no present plans to issue preferred shares, the classified board and our board’s ability to issue
additional preferred shares may discourage, delay or prevent changes in control of Nabors that are
not supported by our board, thereby possibly preventing certain of our shareholders from realizing
a possible premium on their shares. In addition, the requirement in the indenture for our $2.75
billion senior exchangeable notes due 2011 and Series B of our $700 million zero coupon senior
exchangeable notes due 2023 to pay a make-whole premium in the form of an increase in the exchange
rate in certain circumstances could have the effect of making a change in control of Nabors more
expensive.

We have a substantial amount of debt outstanding

     As of December 31, 2007, we have long-term debt of approximately $4.0 billion, including
current maturities of $700 million, and cash and cash
equivalents and investments of
$1.1 billion, including $236.3 million of long-term
investments and $53.1 million in cash proceeds receivable from
the sale of certain non-marketable securities that is included in
other current assets. If either of our $2.75 billion 0.94% senior exchangeable notes or the $700 million zero coupon
senior exchangeable notes are exchanged or our $700 million zero coupon senior exchangeable notes
are put to us, we believe that we have the ability to access capital markets or otherwise obtain
financing in order to satisfy any payment obligations that might arise upon exchange of these notes
and that any cash payment due of this magnitude, in addition to our other cash obligations, will
not ultimately have a material adverse impact on our liquidity or financial position. We have a
gross funded debt to capital ratio of 0.44:1 and a net funded debt to capital ratio of 0.37:1. The
gross funded debt to capital ratio is calculated by dividing funded debt by funded debt plus
deferred tax liabilities net of deferred tax assets plus capital. Funded debt is defined as the sum
of (1) short-term borrowings, (2) current portion of long-term debt and (3) long-term debt. Capital
is defined as shareholders’ equity. The net funded debt to capital ratio is calculated by dividing
net funded debt by net funded debt plus deferred tax liabilities net of deferred tax assets plus
capital. Net funded debt is defined as the sum of (1) short-term borrowings, (2) current portion of
long-term debt and (3) long-term debt reduced by the sum of cash and cash equivalents and
short-term and long-term investments. Capital is

11

Table of Contents

defined as shareholders’ equity. Both of these ratios are methods for calculating the amount
of leverage a company has in relation to its capital.

     On
February 20, 2008, Nabors Industries, Inc., our wholly-owned
subsidiary,
issued $575 million aggregate principal amount of 6.15% senior notes due 2018 that are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed by Nabors Industries Ltd. See Note 21 Subsequent Event of our
accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

Our ability to perform under new contracts and to grow our business as forecasted depends to a
substantial degree on timely delivery of rigs and equipment from our suppliers

     The forecasted growth in the operating revenues and net income for our Contract Drilling
subsidiaries depends to a substantial degree on the timely delivery of rigs and equipment from our
suppliers as part of our recently expanded capital programs. We can give no assurances that our
suppliers will meet expected delivery schedules for delivery of these new rigs and equipment or
that the new rigs and equipment will be free from defects. Delays in the delivery of new rigs and
equipment and delays incurred in correcting any defects in such rigs and equipment could cause us
to fail to meet our operating forecasts and could subject us to late delivery penalties under
contracts with our customers.

We may have additional tax liabilities

     We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the
ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we
believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related
litigation could be materially different than that which is reflected in historical income tax
provisions and accruals. Based on the results of an audit or litigation, a material effect on our
financial position, income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for
which that determination is made could result.

     It is possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties) could have an impact
on our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date as well as future tax savings as a
result of our corporate reorganization, depending on any responsive action taken by us.

     On September 14, 2006, Nabors Drilling International Limited (“NDIL”), a wholly-owned Bermuda
subsidiary of Nabors, received a Notice of Assessment (the “Notice”) from the Mexican Servicio de
Administracion Tributaria (the “SAT”) in connection with the audit of NDIL’s Mexican branch for tax
year 2003. The Notice proposes to deny a depreciation expense deduction that relates to drilling
rigs operating in Mexico in 2003, as well as a deduction for payments made to an affiliated company
for the provision of labor services in Mexico. The amount assessed by the SAT is approximately
$19.8 million (including interest and penalties). Nabors and its tax advisors previously concluded
that the deduction of said amounts was appropriate and more recently that the position of the SAT
lacks merit. NDIL’s Mexican branch took similar deductions for depreciation and labor expenses in
2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007. It is likely that the SAT will propose the disallowance of these
deductions upon audit of NDIL’s Mexican branch’s 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 tax years.

Proposed tax legislation could mitigate or eliminate the benefits of our 2002 reorganization as a
Bermuda company

     Various bills have been introduced in Congress which could reduce or eliminate the tax
benefits associated with our reorganization as a Bermuda company. Legislation enacted by Congress
in 2004 provides that a corporation that reorganized in a foreign jurisdiction on or after March 4,
2003 shall be treated as a domestic corporation for United States federal income tax purposes.
Nabors’ reorganization was completed June 24, 2002. There have been and we expect that there may
continue to be legislation proposed by Congress from time to time applicable to certain companies
that completed such reorganizations on or after March 20, 2002 which, if enacted, could limit or
eliminate the tax benefits associated with our reorganization.

     Because we cannot predict whether legislation will ultimately be adopted, no assurance can be
given that the tax benefits associated with our reorganization will ultimately accrue to the
benefit of the Company and its shareholders. It is possible that future changes to the tax laws
(including tax treaties) could have an impact on our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to
date as well as future tax savings resulting from our reorganization.

Legal proceedings could affect our financial condition and results of operations

12

Table of Contents

     We are from time to time subject to legal proceedings or governmental investigations which
include employment, tort, intellectual property and other claims, and purported class action and
shareholder derivative actions. We also are subject to complaints or allegations from former,
current or prospective employees from time to time, alleging violations of employment-related laws.
Lawsuits or claims could result in decisions against us which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations.

Our financial results could be affected by changes in the value of our investment portfolio

     We invest our excess cash in a variety of investment vehicles, many of which are subject to
fluctuations resulting from a variety of economic factors or factors associated with a particular
investment, including without limitation, overall declines in the equity markets, currency and
interest rate fluctuations, volatility in the credit markets, exposures related to concentrations
of investments in a particular fund or investment, exposures related to hedges of financial
positions, and the performance of particular fund or investment managers. As a result, events or
developments which negatively affect the value of our investments could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations.

The loss of key executives could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success

     The successful execution of our strategies central to our future success will depend, in part,
on a few of our key executive officers. We have entered into employment agreements with our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Eugene M. Isenberg and our Deputy Chairman, President and
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Anthony G. Petrello, to secure their employment through September 30,
2010. We do not carry key man insurance. The loss of Mr. Isenberg or Mr. Petrello could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.