. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company,” or “Nabors” mean Nabors Industries Ltd., together
with our subsidiaries where the context requires, including Nabors Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Nabors Delaware”). 

3 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

PART I 

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS

Introduction 

Nabors is
the largest land drilling contractor in the world and one of the largest land well-servicing and workover contractors in the United States and Canada: 

•

 We actively market approximately 499 land drilling rigs for oil and gas land drilling operations in the U.S. Lower 48 states, Alaska, Canada, South
America, Mexico, the Middle East, the Far East, the South Pacific, Russia and Africa. 

•

 We actively market approximately 581 rigs for land well-servicing and workover work in the United States and approximately 174 rigs for land
well-servicing and workover work in Canada. 

We are also a leading provider of offshore platform workover
and drilling rigs, and actively market 39 platform, 12 jackup and four barge rigs in the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico, and multiple international markets. 

In addition to the foregoing services: 

•

 We provide hydraulic fracturing, cementing, nitrogen and acid pressure pumping services with over 730,000 hydraulic horsepower in key basins throughout
the United States and Canada. 

•

 We offer a wide range of ancillary well-site services, including engineering, transportation and disposal, construction, maintenance, well logging,
directional drilling, rig instrumentation, data collection and other support services in select U.S. and international markets. 

•

 We manufacture and lease or sell top drives for a broad range of drilling applications, directional drilling systems, rig instrumentation and data
collection equipment, pipeline handling equipment and rig reporting software. 

•

 We have a 51% ownership interest in a joint venture in Saudi Arabia, which owns and actively markets nine rigs in addition to the rigs we lease to the
joint venture. 

•

 We have invested in oil and gas exploration, development and production activities through both our wholly owned subsidiaries and our oil and gas joint
ventures in which we hold 49-50% ownership interests. 

Nabors was formed as a Bermuda exempted company on
December 11, 2001. Through predecessors and acquired entities, Nabors has been continuously operating in the drilling sector since the early 1900s. Our principal executive offices are located at Crown House, 4 Par-la-Ville Road, Second Floor,
Hamilton, HM08, Bermuda, and our phone number there is (441) 292-1510. 

Our Rig Fleet 

•

Land Rigs.    A land-based drilling rig generally consists of engines, a drawworks, a mast (or derrick), pumps to
circulate the drilling fluid (mud) under various pressures, blowout preventers, drill string and related equipment. The engines power the different pieces of equipment, including a rotary table or top drive that turns the drill string, causing the
drill bit to bore through the subsurface rock layers. Rock cuttings are carried to the surface by the circulating drilling fluid. The intended well depth, bore hole diameter and drilling site conditions are the principal factors that determine the
size and type of rig most suitable for a particular drilling job. 

Special-purpose drilling rigs used to
perform workover services consist of a mobile carrier, which includes an engine, drawworks and a mast, together with other standard drilling accessories and 

4 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

specialized equipment for servicing wells. These rigs are specially designed for major repairs and modifications of oil and gas wells, including standard drilling functions. A well-servicing rig
is specially designed for periodic maintenance of oil and gas wells for which service is required to maximize the productive life of the wells. The primary function of a well-servicing rig is to act as a hoist so that pipe, sucker rods and down-hole
equipment can be run into and out of a well, although they also can perform standard drilling functions. Because of size and cost considerations, these specially designed rigs are used for these operations rather than the larger drilling rigs
typically used for the initial drilling job. 

Land-based drilling rigs are moved between well sites and between geographic
areas of operations using our fleet of cranes, loaders and transport vehicles or those of third-party service providers. Well-servicing rigs are typically self-propelled, while heavier capacity workover rigs are either self-propelled or
trailer-mounted and include auxiliary equipment, which is either transported on trailers or moved with trucks. 

•

Platform Rigs.     Platform rigs provide offshore workover, drilling and re-entry services. Our platform rigs have
drilling and/or well-servicing or workover equipment and machinery arranged in modular packages that are transported to, and assembled and installed on, fixed offshore platforms owned by the customer. Fixed offshore platforms are steel tower-like
structures that either stand on the ocean floor or are moored floating structures. The top portion, or platform, sits above the water level and provides the foundation upon which the platform rig is placed. 

•

Jackup Rigs.     Jackup rigs are mobile, self-elevating drilling and workover platforms equipped with legs that can
be lowered to the ocean floor until a foundation is established to support the hull, which contains the drilling and/or workover equipment, jacking system, crew quarters, loading and unloading facilities, storage areas for bulk and liquid materials,
helicopter landing deck and other related equipment. The rig legs may operate independently or have a mat attached to the lower portion of the legs in order to provide a more stable foundation in soft bottom areas. Many of our jackup rigs are of
cantilever design — a feature that permits the drilling platform to be extended out from the hull, allowing it to perform drilling or workover operations over adjacent, fixed platforms. Nabors’ shallow workover jackup rigs generally are
subject to a maximum water depth of approximately 125 feet, while some of our jackup rigs may drill in water depths as shallow as 13 feet. Nabors also has deeper water jackup rigs that are capable of drilling at depths between eight feet and 150 to
250 feet. The water depth limit of a particular rig is determined by the length of its legs and by the operating environment. Moving a rig from one drill site to another involves lowering the hull down into the water until it is afloat and then
jacking up its legs with the hull floating. The rig is then towed to the new drilling site. 

•

Inland Barge Rigs.     One of Nabors’ barge rigs is a full-size drilling unit. We also own two workover inland
barge rigs. These barges are designed to perform plugging and abandonment, well-service or workover services in shallow inland, coastal or offshore waters. Our barge rigs can operate at depths between three and 20 feet. 

Additional information regarding the geographic markets in which we operate and our business segments can be found in Note 22 —
Segment Information in Part II, Item 8. — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Types of Drilling Contracts

On land in the U.S. Lower 48 states and Canada, we typically enter into contracts with durations ranging from one to three
years. Under these contracts, our rigs are committed to one customer over that term. Most of our recent contracts for newly constructed rigs have three-year terms. Contracts relating to offshore drilling and land drilling in Alaska and international
markets generally provide for longer terms, usually from one to five years. Offshore workover projects are often contracted on a single-well basis. We generally are awarded drilling contracts through competitive bidding, although we occasionally
enter into contracts by direct negotiation. Most of our single-well contracts are subject to termination by the customer on short notice, but some can be firm for a number of wells or a period of time, and may provide for early termination
compensation in certain 

5 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

circumstances. Contract terms and rates differ depending on a variety of factors, including competitive conditions, the geographical area, the geological formation to be drilled, the equipment
and services to be supplied, the on-site drilling conditions and the anticipated duration of the work to be performed. 

In
recent years, all of our drilling contracts have been daywork contracts. A daywork contract generally provides for a basic rate per day when drilling (the dayrate for our providing a rig and crew) and for lower rates when the rig is moving, or when
drilling operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather conditions or other conditions beyond our control. In addition, daywork contracts may provide for a lump-sum fee for the mobilization and demobilization of
the rig, which in most cases approximates our incurred costs. A daywork contract differs from a footage contract (in which the drilling contractor is paid on the basis of a rate per foot drilled) and a turnkey contract (in which the drilling
contractor is paid for drilling a well to a specified depth for a fixed price). 

Pressure Pumping Services 

We provide a wide range of wellsite solutions to oil and natural gas companies, consisting primarily of technical pumping services,
including hydraulic fracturing, a process sometimes used in the completion of oil and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate gas and oil production, and down-hole surveying
services. Other technical services include completion, production and rental tool services. Additionally, we provide fluid logistics services, including those related to the transportation, storage and disposal of fluids that are used in the
drilling, development and production of hydrocarbons. 

During the year ended December 31, 2011 approximately 2.9% of
revenues from our Pressure Pumping operating segment came from a Nabors’ consolidated entity and an unconsolidated Nabors affiliate. Our proportionate share of any profits resulting from sales to affiliates were eliminated in consolidation.

Well-servicing and Workover Services 

Although some wells in the United States flow oil to the surface without mechanical assistance, most are in mature production areas that require pumping or some other form of artificial lift. Pumping oil
wells characteristically require more maintenance than flowing wells because of the operation of the mechanical pumping equipment. 

•

Well-servicing/Maintenance Services.     We provide maintenance services on the mechanical apparatus used to pump or
lift oil from producing wells. These services include, among other activities, repairing and replacing pumps, sucker rods and tubing. They also occasionally include drilling services. We provide the rigs, equipment and crews for these tasks, which
are performed on both oil and natural gas wells, but which are more commonly required on oil wells. Maintenance services typically take less than 48 hours to complete. Rigs generally are provided to customers on a call-out basis. We are paid an
hourly rate and work typically is performed five days a week during daylight hours. 

•

Workover Services.     Producing oil and natural gas wells occasionally require major repairs or modifications,
called “workovers.” Workovers may be required to remedy failures, modify well depth and formation penetration to capture hydrocarbons from alternative formations, clean out and recomplete a well when production has declined, repair leaks
or convert a depleted well to an injection well for secondary or enhanced recovery projects. Workovers normally are carried out with a rig that includes standard drilling accessories such as rotary drilling equipment, mud pumps, mud tanks and
blowout preventers plus other specialized equipment for servicing rigs. A workover may last anywhere from a few days to several weeks. We are paid a daily rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a day.

•

Completion Services.     The kinds of activities necessary to carry out a workover operation are essentially the same
as those required to “complete” a well when it is first drilled. The completion process may 

6 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

involve selectively perforating the well casing at the depth of discrete producing zones, stimulating and testing these zones and installing down-hole equipment. The completion process may take a
few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a day. 

•

 Production and Other Specialized Services.     We also can provide other specialized services, including onsite temporary
fluid storage; the supply, removal and disposal of specialized fluids used during certain completion and workover operations; and the removal and disposal of salt water that often accompanies the production of oil and natural gas. We also provide
plugging services for wells from which the oil and natural gas has been depleted or further production has become uneconomical. We are paid an hourly or a per-unit rate, as applicable, for these services. 

Oil and Gas Investments 

In our Oil and Gas operating segment, we have invested in oil and gas exploration, development and production operations in the United
States, Canada and Colombia. 

During 2007, three joint ventures were formed for operations in these areas. Our joint venture
in Canada was dissolved in June 2011, and our joint venture in Colombia monetized its assets during 2011. In addition, we hold a 49.7% ownership interest in a U.S. entity, NFR Energy LLC (“NFR Energy”). We account for these investments
using the equity method of accounting. Our joint ventures pursue development and exploration projects with both existing Nabors customers and other operators in a variety of forms, including operated and non-operated working interests, joint
ventures, farm-outs and acquisitions. Our oil and gas exploration, development and production operations have focused on the exploration for and the acquisition, development and production of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids in Alaska,
Arkansas, California, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Texas, Utah and Wyoming. Outside of the United States, we own or have interests in the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia and in Colombia. 

During the fourth quarter of 2011, we announced our intention to dispose of a significant portion of our oil and gas investment
portfolio. In addition to the sales of certain of our oil and gas assets in Colombia during 2011, we sold our working interest in the Cat Canyon and West Cat Canyon fields in Santa Barbara County, California. 

Additional information about our oil and gas activities can be found in Part II, Item 2. — Properties and Item 8. —
Notes — 4 Discontinued Operations and 24 — Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities. 

Other
Services 

Canrig Drilling Technology Ltd., our drilling technologies and well services subsidiary,
manufactures top drives, which are installed on both onshore and offshore drilling rigs. We market our top drives throughout the world. We rent top drives and catwalks, and provide installation, repair and maintenance services to our customers. We
also offer rig instrumentation equipment, including proprietary RIGWATCH
TM

 software and computerized equipment that monitors a rig’s real-time performance. Our ROCKIT
TM

 directional drilling system is experiencing high growth in the marketplace. In addition, we specialize in daily
reporting software for drilling operations, making this data available through the internet. We also provide mudlogging services. Canrig Drilling Technology Canada Ltd., one of our Canadian subsidiaries, manufactures catwalks which are installed on
both onshore and offshore drilling rigs. Ryan Directional Services, Inc., another one of our subsidiaries, manufactures and sells directional drilling and rig instrumentation equipment and provides data collection services to oil and gas exploration
and service companies. Peak Oilfield Service Company (“Peak”), one of our subsidiaries in Alaska, provides heavy equipment to move drilling rigs, water, other fluids and construction materials, primarily on Alaska’s North Slope and in
the Cook Inlet region. Peak also provides construction and maintenance for ice roads, pads, facilities, equipment, drill sites and pipelines. Nabors also has a 50% 

7 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

membership interest in Alaska Interstate Construction, L.L.C., a general contractor involved in the construction of roads, bridges, dams, drill sites and other facility sites, as well as the
provision of mining support in Alaska; the other member of Alaska Interstate Construction, L.L.C. is a subsidiary of Cook Inlet Region, Inc. Revenues are derived from services to companies engaged in mining and public works. 

Our Customers 

Our
customers include major oil and gas companies, national oil and gas companies and independent oil and gas companies. No customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2011 or 2010. 

Our Employees 

As of
December 31, 2011, we employed approximately 26,080 people, of whom approximately 2,666 were employed by unconsolidated affiliates. We believe our relationship with our employees is generally good. 

Some rig employees in Argentina and Australia are represented by collective bargaining units. 

Seasonality 

Our Canada
and Alaska drilling and workover operations are subject to seasonal variations as a result of weather conditions and generally experience reduced levels of activity and financial results during the second quarter of each year. In addition, our
pressure pumping operations located in the Appalachian, Mid-Continent, and Rocky Mountain regions of the United States can be adversely affected by seasonal weather conditions, primarily in the spring, as many municipalities impose weight
restrictions on the paved roads that lead to our jobsites due to the muddy conditions caused by spring thaws. Global warming could lengthen these periods of reduced activity, but we cannot currently estimate to what degree. Our overall financial
results reflect the seasonal variations experienced in these operations. Seasonality does not materially impact the remaining portions of our business. 

Research and Development 

Research and development constitutes a growing
part of our overall business. The effective use of technology is critical to maintaining our competitive position within the drilling industry. We expect to continue developing technology internally and acquiring technology through strategic
acquisitions. 

Industry/Competitive Conditions 

To a large degree, our businesses depend on the level of capital spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and production activities. A sustained increase or decrease in the price of
natural gas or oil could have a material impact on the exploration, development and production activities of our customers and could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Part I, Item 1A. —
Risk Factors — Fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Our industry remains competitive. The number of available rigs exceeds demand in many of our markets, resulting in strong price competition. Many rigs can be readily moved from one region to another in
response to changes in levels of activity, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in those areas. Many of the total available contracts are currently awarded on a bid basis, which further increases competition based on price. The land drilling,
workover, pressure pumping and well-servicing market is generally more competitive than the offshore market due to the larger number of rigs and market participants. 

From 2005 through most of 2008, demand was strong for drilling services driven by a sustained increase in the level of commodity prices; supply of and demand for land drilling services were largely in
balance in the 

8 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

United States and other markets, with demand actually exceeding supply in some of our markets. This resulted in an increase in rates being charged for rigs across our North American, Offshore and
International markets. In late 2008, falling oil prices and the declines in natural gas prices forced a curtailment of drilling-related expenditures by many companies and resulted in an oversupply of rigs in the markets where we operate. During 2009
and the first half of 2010, this continued decline in drilling and related activity impacted our key markets. In the latter half of 2010 and during 2011, gas prices remained depressed, while oil prices steadily rose, which increased demand for our
drilling and well-servicing activities in North America as the market shifted to oil-and liquids-rich shale plays. Gas prices are likely to remain weak throughout 2012, principally due to a warm winter exacerbated by increasing supply attributable
to rigs associated with the increased oil- and liquids-rich production. Our International markets were much slower to respond to the improving oil prices of 2010 and early 2011 and were further dampened when we renewed three of the four expiring
contracts relating to our Arabian Gulf jackup rigs at lower rates due to a more competitive market. Our International markets are improving, and the deployment of several large projects and other rigs returning to work should improve results in
2012. 

In all of our geographic markets, we believe price and the availability and condition of equipment are the most
significant factors in determining which drilling contractor is awarded a job. Other factors include the availability of trained personnel possessing the required specialized skills; the overall quality of service and safety record; and the ability
to offer ancillary services. Increasingly, the ability to deliver rigs with new technology and features is becoming a competitive factor. In international markets, experience in operating in certain environments, as well as customer alliances, have
been factors in the selection of Nabors. 

Certain competitors are present in more than one of our operating regions, although
no one competitor operates in all of these areas. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, we compete with Helmerich and Payne, Inc. and Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc., and several hundred other competitors with national, regional or local rig operations. In our
U.S. Land Well-servicing operating segment, we compete with Basic Energy Services, Inc., Key Energy Services, Inc., Complete Energy Services, Inc., Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and numerous other competitors having smaller regional or local rig
operations. In Canada and U.S. Offshore, we compete with many firms of varying size, several of which have more significant operations in those areas than Nabors. Elsewhere, we compete directly with various contractors at each location where we
operate. Our Pressure Pumping operating segment competes with small and mid-sized independent contractors, as well as major oilfield services companies with operations outside of the United States. We believe that the market for land drilling,
well-servicing and workover and pressure pumping contracts will continue to be competitive for the foreseeable future. 

Our
other operating segments represent a relatively smaller part of our business, and we have numerous competitors in each area. Our Canrig Drilling Technology Ltd. subsidiary is one of the three major manufacturers of top drives. Its largest
competitors in that market are National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and Tesco Corporation. Its largest competitors in the manufacture of rig instrumentation systems are Pason Systems Inc. and National Oilwell Varco’s Totco subsidiary. Mudlogging
services are provided by a number of entities that serve the oil and gas industry on a regional basis. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, there are hundreds of rig transportation companies in each of our operating regions. In Alaska, Peak principally
competes with CH2M_Hill for drilling support services. Other competitors include ASR Energy Services and Alaska Frontier Constructors. Peak is one of the premier ice road contractors with the largest fleet of all terrain vehicles used during the
winter exploration months. Alaska Interstate Construction principally competes with large general contractors, including Granite Construction Company and Quality Asphalt Paving & Sealcoating Inc. on public works projects and Alaska Frontier
Constructors, ASRC and CH2M_Hill on resource development projects. 

Our Business Strategy 

Our strategy is to position Nabors to grow and prosper when market conditions are good and to mitigate adverse effects when market
conditions are bad. We have maintained a financial posture that allows us to 

9 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

capitalize on market weakness and strength by adding to our business base, thereby enhancing our upside potential. The principal elements of our strategy to build shareholder value are to:

•

 Maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet; 

•

 Take advantage of opportunities as they arise; 

•

 Leverage our global infrastructure; 

•

 Achieve superior health, safety and environmental performance; 

•

 Achieve superior operational performance; 

•

 Focus on delivering value-added services to our customers; 

•

 Enhance and leverage our technology position; and 

•

 Achieve returns well above our cost of capital. 

Beginning in 2005, we took advantage of the robust rig market in the United States and elsewhere to obtain a high volume of contracts for newly constructed rigs. A large portion of these rigs are subject
to long-term contracts with creditworthy customers with the most significant impact occurring in our U.S. Lower 48 Land operations. This will not only expand our operations with the latest state-of-the-art rigs, which should better weather downturns
in market activity, but eventually replace the oldest and least capable rigs in our existing fleet. However, this positive trend in the rig market slowed in the fourth quarter of 2008 and throughout the first half of 2010 due to the continued steady
decline in natural gas and oil prices. As a result of lower commodity prices, many of our customers’ drilling programs were reduced and the demand for additional rigs was substantially reduced. In the latter half of 2010, commodity prices
strengthened and our drilling activity improved. During 2011, oil commodity prices steadily rose and the related impact on demand for our drilling and well-servicing activities increased especially in the oil- and liquids-rich shale plays. We
believe the deployment of our newer and higher-margin rigs under long-term contracts enhances our competitive position as market conditions improve. 

Our current focus is to improve flexibility in our balance sheet, increase earnings and reduce our net debt. We are evaluating each business line for its strategic fit, execution effectiveness and return
hurdles. In addition, we are: 

•

 Emphasizing term contracts and execution in core businesses; 

•

 Imposing higher hurdles for new projects; 

•

 Optimizing intra-company synergies and technological advancements; 

•

 Improving capital allocation and return on capital expenditures; and 

•

 Monetizing nonperforming and nonstrategic assets. 

Acquisitions and Divestitures 

We have grown from a land drilling business
centered in the U.S. Lower 48 states, Canada and Alaska to an international business with operations on land and offshore in many of the major oil and gas markets in the world. At the beginning of 1990, our fleet consisted of 44 actively marketed
land drilling rigs in Canada, Alaska and in various international markets. Today, our worldwide fleet of actively marketed rigs consists of 499 land drilling rigs, 755 rigs for land well-servicing and workover work in the United States and Canada,
offshore platform rigs, jackup units, barge rigs and a large component of trucks and fluid hauling vehicles. This growth was fueled in part by strategic acquisitions. Although Nabors continues to examine opportunities, there can be no assurance that
attractive rigs or other acquisition opportunities will continue to be available, that the pricing will be economical or that we will be successful in making such acquisitions in the future. 

10 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

As noted above, we may sell a subsidiary or group of assets outside of our core markets or
business if it is strategically or economically advantageous for us to do so. 

Acquisitions 

In September 2010, we acquired through a tender offer and merger all of the outstanding common stock of Superior Well Services, Inc.
(“Superior”) at a cash purchase price of $22.12 per share, or approximately $681.3 million in the aggregate. The purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
fair value at the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over such fair values was $335.0 million and was recorded as goodwill. Superior provides a wide range of wellsite solutions to oil and natural gas companies, primarily technical
pumping services and down-hole surveying services. 

On December 31, 2010, we purchased the business of Energy Contractors
LLC (“Energy Contractors”) for a total cash purchase price of $53.4 million. The assets were comprised of vehicles and rig equipment and are included in our U.S. Land Well-servicing operating segment. The purchase price was allocated to
the net tangible and intangible assets acquired based on their preliminary fair value estimates as of December 31, 2010. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired was recorded as goodwill in the amount of $4.2
million. 

In June 2011, the equity owners of Stone Mountain Venture Partnership (“SMVP”) dissolved the partnership
in Canada, and a proportionate share of the assets and liabilities were conveyed to us in exchange for our ownership interest. The assets are presented as held for sale and the operating results in discontinued operations for all periods presented.

On July 31, 2011, we paid $65 million in cash to acquire the remaining 50 percent equity interest of Peak, making it a
wholly owned subsidiary on this date. Previously, we held a 50 percent equity interest with a carrying value of $38.1 million that we had accounted for as an equity method investment. As a result of the acquisition, we consolidated the assets and
liabilities of Peak during the third quarter of 2011 based on their respective fair values. The excess of the estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities over the net carrying value of our previously held equity interest resulted in a gain of
$13.1 million and is reflected in losses (gains) on sales and retirements of long-lived assets and other expense (income) for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

Divestitures 

On August 8, 2007, we sold our Sea Mar business which
had previously been included in Other Operating Segments. The assets included 20 offshore supply vessels and related assets, including a right under a vessel construction contract. The operating results of this business for years ended
December 31, 2007 and before are accounted for as discontinued operations. 

On April 28, 2011, we sold some of our
wholly owned oil and gas assets, previously included in our oil and gas operating segment, in Colombia. We received proceeds of $89.2 million from this sale and recognized a gain of approximately $39.6 million. 

During the second quarter of 2011, our unconsolidated oil and gas joint venture, Remora Energy International LP (“Remora”),
completed sales of its oil and gas assets in Colombia. Remora received gross proceeds of approximately $333.1 million from these sales and made cash distributions to us in the amount of $143.0 million with a final distribution expected upon
dissolution of the joint venture. 

On December 14, 2011, we sold our 25% working interest in the Cat Canyon and West Cat
Canyon fields in Santa Barbara County, California. We received proceeds of approximately $71.6 million from the sale and a commitment from the purchaser to continue utilizing our rigs. We recognized a gain of approximately $7.2 million. These assets
were previously included in our oil and gas operating segment. 

11 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and notes to the consolidated
financial statements have been updated to retroactively reclassify the operating results of the divested assets as discontinued operations for all periods presented. See Note 4 — Discontinued Operations for additional discussion in Part II,
Item 8. — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Environmental Compliance 

We do not currently anticipate that compliance with currently applicable environmental regulations and controls will significantly change
our competitive position, capital spending or earnings during 2012. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations, and the cost of such compliance is not material to our business or financial condition.
For a more detailed description of the environmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations, see Part I, Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Changes to or noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental
liabilities could adversely affect Nabors’ results of operations. 



In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this report, the following factors should be carefully considered when evaluating Nabors. The risks described below are not the only ones facing
Nabors. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

Fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash flows and profitability 

Our operations depend on the level of spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and production activities. Both
short-term and long-term trends in oil and natural gas prices affect these levels. Oil and natural gas prices, as well as the level of drilling, exploration and production activity, can be highly volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic
events, including initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, affect both the demand for, and the supply of, oil and natural gas. Weather conditions, governmental regulation (both in the United States and elsewhere), levels of
consumer demand, the availability of pipeline capacity, and other factors beyond our control may also affect the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas. Volatility in oil and natural gas prices is likely to continue in the foreseeable future,
especially given the general contraction in the world’s economy that began during 2008. We believe that any prolonged suppression of oil and natural gas prices could continue to depress the level of exploration and production activity, which
could result in a corresponding decline in demand for our services. Lower oil and natural gas prices have also caused some of our customers to seek to terminate, renegotiate or fail to honor our drilling contracts and affected the fair market value
of our rig fleet, which in turn has resulted in impairments of our assets. A sustained or further decline in oil and natural gas prices could adversely impact our cash forecast models used to determine whether the carrying value of our long-lived
assets exceed our future cash flows, which could result in future impairment to our long-lived assets. A prolonged period of lower oil and natural gas prices could affect our ability to retain skilled rig personnel and affect our ability to access
capital to finance and grow our business. There can be no assurances as to the future level of demand for our services or future conditions in the oil and natural gas and oilfield services industries. 

Uncertain or negative global economic conditions could continue to adversely affect our results of operations 

The substantial volatility and extended declines in oil and natural gas prices in recent years in response to a weakened global economic
environment have adversely affected our results of operations. In addition, economic 

12 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

conditions have resulted in substantial uncertainty in the capital markets and both access to and terms of available financing. During 2009 through the first half of 2010, many of our customers
curtailed their drilling programs, which, in many cases, resulted in a decrease in demand for drilling rigs and a reduction in dayrates and utilization. Additionally, some customers terminated drilling contracts prior to the expiration of their
terms. A prolonged period of lower oil and natural gas prices could continue to impact our industry and our business, including our future operating results and the ability to recover our assets, including goodwill, at their stated values. In
addition, some of our customers could experience an inability to pay suppliers, including us, in the event they are unable to access the capital markets to fund their business operations. Likewise, our suppliers may be unable to sustain their
current level of operations, fulfill their commitments and/or fund future operations and obligations. Each of these could adversely affect our operations. 

As a holding company, we depend on our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations 

We are a holding company with no significant assets other than the stock of our subsidiaries. In order to meet our financial needs, we rely exclusively on repayments of interest and principal on
intercompany loans that we have made to our operating subsidiaries and income from dividends and other cash flow from our subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that our operating subsidiaries will generate sufficient net income to pay us dividends
or sufficient cash flow to make payments of interest and principal to us. In addition, from time to time, our operating subsidiaries may enter into financing arrangements that contractually restrict or prohibit these types of upstream payments.
There can also be adverse tax consequences associated with paying dividends. 

We have a substantial amount of debt
outstanding 

As of December 31, 2011, we had long-term debt outstanding of approximately $4.6 billion, including
$275.3 million in current maturities, and cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $539.5 million. Our ability to service our debt obligations depends in large part upon the level of cash flows generated by our subsidiaries’
operations, possible dispositions of non-core assets, availability under our unsecured revolving credit facilities and our ability to access the capital markets. As of December 31, 2011, we had $540 million available under revolving credit
facilities. We calculate our leverage in relation to capital (i.e., shareholders’ equity) utilizing two commonly used ratios: 

•

 Gross funded debt to capital, which is calculated by dividing (x) funded debt by (y) funded debt plus deferred tax liabilities (net of
deferred tax assets) 
plus capital. Funded debt is the sum of (1) short-term borrowings, (2) the current portions of long-term debt and (3) long-term debt; and 

•

 Net funded debt to capital, which is calculated by dividing (x) net funded debt by (y) net funded debt plus deferred tax liabilities
(net of deferred tax assets) 
plus capital. Net funded debt is funded debt 
minus the sum of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

At December 31, 2011, our gross funded debt to capital ratio was 0.43:1 and our net funded debt to capital ratio was 0.40:1.

Our access to borrowing capacity could be affected by the recent instability in the global financial markets

Our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing is enhanced by our senior unsecured
debt ratings as provided by Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investor Service and Standard & Poor’s and our historical ability to access those markets as needed. A credit downgrade may impact our future ability to access credit markets,
which is important for purposes of both meeting our financial obligations and funding capital requirements to finance and grow our businesses. 

13 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We operate in a highly competitive industry with excess drilling capacity, which may
adversely affect our results of operations 

The oilfield services industry is very competitive. Contract drilling
companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and competition may vary significantly from region to region at any particular time. Many drilling, workover and well-servicing rigs can be moved from one region to another in response to changes in
levels of activity and market conditions, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. In many markets where we operate, the number of rigs available for use exceeds the demand for rigs, resulting in price competition. Most drilling and
workover contracts are awarded on the basis of competitive bids, which also results in price competition. The land drilling market generally is more competitive than the offshore drilling market because there are larger numbers of rigs and
competitors. 

The nature of our operations presents inherent risks of loss that could adversely affect our results of
operations 

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling, workover and well-servicing and
pressure pumping industries, including blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, loss of well control, loss of or damage to the wellbore or underground reservoir, damaged or lost drilling equipment and damage or loss from inclement weather or natural
disasters. Any of these hazards could result in personal injury or death, damage to or destruction of equipment and facilities, suspension of operations, environmental and natural resources damage and damage to the property of others. Our offshore
operations are also subject to the hazards of marine operations including capsizing, grounding, collision, damage from hurricanes and heavy weather or sea conditions and unsound ocean bottom conditions. Our operations are also subject to risks of
war, civil disturbances or other political events. 

Accidents may occur, we may be unable to obtain desired contractual
indemnities, and our insurance may prove inadequate in certain cases. The occurrence of an event not fully insured or indemnified against, or the failure or inability of a customer or insurer to meet its indemnification or insurance obligations,
could result in substantial losses. In addition, insurance may not be available to cover any or all of these risks. Even if available, insurance may be inadequate or insurance premiums or other costs may rise significantly in the future making
insurance prohibitively expensive. We expect to continue to face upward pressure in our insurance renewals; our premiums and deductibles may be higher, and some insurance coverage may either be unavailable or more expensive than it has been in the
past. Moreover, our insurance coverage generally provides that we assume a portion of the risk in the form of a deductible or self-insured retention. We may choose to increase the levels of deductibles (and thus assume a greater degree of risk) from
time to time in order to minimize our overall costs. 

The profitability of our operations could be adversely affected by
war, civil disturbance, or political or economic turmoil, fluctuation in currency exchange rates and local import and export controls 

We derive a significant portion of our business from global markets, including major operations in Canada, South America, Mexico, the Middle East, the Far East, the South Pacific, Russia and Africa. These
operations are subject to various risks, including the risk of war, civil disturbances and governmental activities that may limit or disrupt markets, restrict the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of
property without fair compensation. In some countries, our operations may be subject to the additional risk of fluctuating currency values and exchange controls. We are subject to various laws and regulations that govern the operation and taxation
of our business and the import and export of our equipment from country to country, the imposition, application and interpretation of which can prove to be uncertain. 

The loss of key executives could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success 

The successful execution of our strategies central to our future success will depend, in part, on a few of our key executive officers. We have an employment agreement with our Deputy Chairman, President
and Chief 

14 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Executive Officer, Anthony G. Petrello, with a term through March 30, 2014. If Mr. Petrello’s employment is terminated in the event of death or disability, the Company will make a
cash payment of $50 million; or in the event of termination without cause or in the event of a change in control, the Company will make a cash payment based on a formula of three times the average of his base salary and annual bonus paid during the
three fiscal years preceding the termination. We do not carry significant amounts of key man insurance. The loss of Mr. Petrello could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes to or noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect our
results of operations 

The drilling of oil and gas wells is subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules and
regulations. Our cost of compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be substantial. For example, federal law imposes on “responsible parties” a variety of regulations related to the prevention of oil spills, and liability for
removal costs and natural resource, real or personal property and certain economic damages arising from such spills. Some of these laws may impose strict liability for these costs and damages without regard to the conduct of the parties. As an owner
and operator of onshore and offshore rigs and transportation equipment, we may be deemed to be a responsible party under federal law. In addition, our well-servicing, workover and production services operations routinely involve the handling of
significant amounts of materials, some of which are classified as solid or hazardous wastes or hazardous substances. Various state and federal laws govern the containment and disposal of hazardous substances, oilfield waste and other waste
materials, the use of underground storage tanks and the use of underground injection wells. We employ personnel responsible for monitoring environmental compliance and arranging for remedial actions that may be required from time to time and also
use consultants to advise on and assist with our environmental compliance efforts. Liabilities are recorded when the need for environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts become known or probable and the cost can be reasonably estimated.

The scope of laws protecting the environment has expanded, particularly outside the United States, and this trend is expected
to continue. The violation of environmental laws and regulations can lead to the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial obligations, and in some cases injunctive relief. Violations may also result in liabilities for
personal injuries, property and natural resource damage and other costs and claims. We are not always successful in allocating all risks of these environmental liabilities to customers, and it is possible that customers who assume the risks will be
financially unable to bear any resulting costs. 

Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act, as amended, also known as CERCLA or Superfund, and similar state laws and regulations, liability for release of a hazardous substance into the environment can be imposed jointly on the entire group of responsible parties or separately on any
one of the responsible parties, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct of any party that contributed to the release. Liability under CERCLA may include costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released
into the environment and damages to natural resources. 

Changes in environmental laws and regulations may also negatively
impact the operations of oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, which in turn could have an adverse effect on us. For example, legislation has been proposed from time to time in the U.S. Congress that would reclassify some oil and
natural gas production wastes as hazardous wastes under the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act, which would make the reclassified wastes subject to more stringent handling, disposal and clean-up requirements. Legislators and regulators in the
United States and other jurisdictions where we operate also focus increasingly on restricting the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases that may contribute to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere, and other climatic
changes. The U.S. Congress has considered legislation designed to reduce emission of greenhouse gases, and some states in which we operate have passed legislation or adopted initiatives, such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative in the
northeastern United States and the Western Regional Climate Action Initiative, which establish greenhouse gas inventories and/or cap-and-trade programs. Some international initiatives have also been adopted, such as the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate 

15 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Change’s “Kyoto Protocol”, to which the United States is not a party. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has published findings that emissions
of greenhouses gases present an endangerment to public health and the environment, paving the way for regulations that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act. 

In October 2009, the EPA enacted rules requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from large sources and suppliers in the United
States. In November 2010, the EPA expanded these rules to include offshore oil and natural gas production and onshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities beginning in 2012 for emissions
occurring in 2011. The enactment of such hazardous waste legislation or future or more stringent regulation of greenhouse gases could dramatically increase operating costs for oil and natural gas companies and could reduce the market for our
services by making many wells and/or oilfields uneconomical to operate. 

The U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended,
imposes strict liability on responsible parties for removal costs and damages resulting from discharges of oil into U.S. waters. In addition, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act provides the federal government with broad discretion in regulating
the leasing of offshore oil and gas production sites. 

Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in
reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the demand for fracturing and other services 

Superior performs hydraulic fracturing, a process sometimes used in the completion of oil and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to
stimulate gas and, to a lesser extent, oil production. The EPA and certain other federal agencies have announced that they would study the potential adverse impact that fracturing may have on water quality and public health. On August 11, 2011,
the U.S. Department of Energy released its report on hydraulic fracturing, recommending the implementation of a variety of measures to reduce the environmental impacts from shale-gas production. These studies could spur initiatives to regulate
hydraulic fracturing under the Safe Drinking Water Act or under newly established legislation. Legislation has also been introduced in the U.S. Congress and adopted or introduced in some states that would require the disclosure of chemicals used in
the fracturing process. If enacted, the legislation could require fracturing activities to meet permitting and financial assurance requirements, adhere to certain construction specifications, fulfill monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping
requirements and meet plugging and abandonment requirements. Any new laws regulating fracturing activities could cause operational delays or increased costs in exploration and production, which could adversely affect the demand for fracturing
services. 

Future price declines may result in a writedown of our oil and gas asset carrying values 

Our wholly owned oil and gas investment portfolio and our unconsolidated ownership interest in Remora is reflected in assets held for
sale. Historically, our proved and unproved properties have been reviewed for impairment of the carrying value based on the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas properties; any impairment was expensed in that period. Our
unconsolidated oil and gas joint ventures, which we account for under the equity method of accounting, utilize the full-cost method of accounting for costs related to oil and natural gas properties. 

The estimated fair value of our proved reserves generally declines when there is a significant and sustained decline in oil and natural
gas prices. Any sustained further decline in oil and natural gas prices or reserve quantities could require further writedown of the value of our proved oil and gas properties or our ownership interests in unconsolidated affiliates if the estimated
fair value of these properties falls below their net book value, which could cause other future writedowns of capitalized costs and asset impairments that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Significant exercises of stock options could adversely affect the market price of our
common shares 

As of February 24, 2012, we had 800,000,000 authorized common shares, of which 318,092,267 shares were
outstanding. In addition, 39,129,225 common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to stock option and employee benefit plans. The sale, or availability for sale, of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public market, whether directly
by us or resulting from the exercise of options (and, where applicable, sales pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act), would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and
could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

Provisions in our
organizational documents and executive contracts may deter a change of control transaction and decrease the likelihood of a shareholder receiving a change of control premium 

The Board of Directors has the authority to issue a significant number of common shares and up to 25,000,000 preferred shares, as well as
to determine the price, rights (including voting rights), conversion ratios, preferences and privileges of the preferred shares, in each case without any vote or action by the holders of our common shares. In addition, our Board of Directors is
divided into three classes, with each class serving a staggered three-year term. Although we have announced plans to declassify the Board, its current structure, as well as its ability to issue preferred shares, may discourage, delay or prevent
changes in control of Nabors that are not supported by the Board, thereby preventing some of our shareholders from realizing a premium on their shares. 

We have an employment agreement with our Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony G. Petrello. The agreement has a change-in-control provision that could result in a significant
cash payment to Mr. Petrello. 

We may have additional tax liabilities 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly audited by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax
estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than what is reflected in income tax provisions and accruals. An audit or litigation could materially affect our financial
position, income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods challenged. It is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date.

On September 14, 2006, Nabors Drilling International Limited, one of our wholly owned Bermuda subsidiaries
(“NDIL”), received a Notice of Assessment from Mexico’s federal tax authorities in connection with the audit of NDIL’s Mexico branch for 2003. The notice proposes to deny depreciation expense deductions relating to drilling rigs
operating in Mexico in 2003. The notice also proposes to deny a deduction for payments made to an affiliated company for the procurement of labor services in Mexico. The amount assessed was approximately $19.8 million (including interest and
penalties). Nabors and its tax advisors previously concluded that the deductions were appropriate and more recently that the government’s position lacks merit. NDIL’s Mexico branch took similar deductions for depreciation and labor
expenses from 2004 to 2008. On June 30, 2009, the government proposed similar assessments against the Mexico branch of another wholly owned Bermuda subsidiary, Nabors Drilling International II Ltd. (“NDIL II”) for 2006. We anticipate
that a similar assessment will eventually be proposed against NDIL for 2005 through 2008 and against NDIL II for 2007 to 2010. We believe that the potential assessments will range from $6 million to $26 million per year for the period from 2005 to
2009, and in the aggregate, would be approximately $90 million to $95 million. Although we believe that any assessments related to the 2003 and 2005 to 2010 years lack merit, a reserve has been recorded in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The 

17 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

statute of limitations for NDIL’s 2004 tax year expired. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2010, we released $7.4 million from our tax reserves, which represented the reserve
recorded for that tax year. If these additional assessments were to be made and we ultimately did not prevail, we would be required to recognize additional tax for the amount in excess of the current reserve. 

Proposed tax legislation could mitigate or eliminate the benefits of our 2002 reorganization as a Bermuda company

Various bills have been introduced in the U.S. Congress that could reduce or eliminate the tax benefits associated
with our reorganization as a Bermuda company. Legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress in 2004 provides that a corporation that reorganized in a foreign jurisdiction on or after March 4, 2003 be treated as a domestic corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Nabors’ reorganization was completed on June 24, 2002. There have been and we expect that there may continue to be legislation proposed by the U.S. Congress from time to time which, if enacted, could limit or
eliminate the tax benefits associated with our reorganization. 

Because we cannot predict whether legislation will ultimately
be adopted, no assurance can be given that the tax benefits associated with our reorganization will ultimately accrue to the benefit of the Company and its shareholders. It is possible that future changes to the tax laws (including tax treaties)
could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date, as well as future tax savings, resulting from our reorganization. 

Legal proceedings could affect our financial condition and results of operations 

We are subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations from time to time that include employment, tort, intellectual property and other claims, and purported class action and shareholder
derivative actions. We are also subject to complaints and allegations from former, current or prospective employees from time to time, alleging violations of employment-related laws. Lawsuits or claims could result in decisions against us that could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

The profitability of our operations could
be adversely affected by turmoil in the global financial markets 

The changes in general financial and political
conditions, including the U.S. government budget, the downgrade by Standard & Poor’s of the credit rating of U.S. government securities and concerns over the European sovereign debt crisis and banking industry has created a great deal
of uncertainty in the recovery of the world economy. If global economic uncertainties continue over a prolonged period of time or develop adversely, there could be a material adverse impact on our credit ratings and liquidity and those of our
customers and other worldwide business partners. If global oil and gas prices were to decline rapidly, it could lead our customers to curtail their operations or expansion and cause difficulties for us and our customers to forecast future capital
expenditures, which in turn could negatively impact the worldwide rig count and our future financial results. 

We do not
currently intend to pay dividends on our common shares 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common shares since
1982 and have no current intention to do so. However, we can give no assurance that we will not reevaluate our position on dividends in the future.