.

        Unless
the context requires otherwise, references in this report to "we," "us," "our," "the Company," or "Nabors" mean Nabors Industries Ltd., together with our subsidiaries where
the context requires, including Nabors Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Nabors Delaware"), our wholly owned subsidiary. 

3

Table of Contents

 PART I 

 ITEM 1.    

BUSINESS 

 Introduction 

        Nabors has grown from a land drilling business centered in the United States and Canada to a global business aimed at optimizing the
entire well life cycle, with operations on land and offshore in most of the major oil and gas markets in the world. The majority of our business is conducted through two business lines: 

 Drilling & Rig Services 

This
business line is comprised of our global drilling rig operations and drilling-related services, consisting of equipment manufacturing, instrumentation optimization software and directional
drilling services. 

 Completion & Production Services 

        This business line is comprised of our operations involved in the completion, life-of-well maintenance and eventual plugging and
abandonment of a well. These services include stimulation, coiled-tubing, cementing, wireline, workover, well-servicing and fluids management. 

As
a global provider of services for land-based and offshore oil and natural gas wells, on land and offshore, Nabors' fleet of rigs and equipment includes: 

•

485 actively marketed land drilling rigs for oil and gas land drilling operations in the United States, Canada and over 20
other countries throughout the world. 

•

445 actively marketed rigs for land well-servicing and workover services in the United States and approximately 104 rigs
for land well-servicing and workover services in Canada. 

•

38 platform, 8 jackup and 4 barge rigs actively marketed in the United States and multiple international markets. 

•

Approximately 800,000 hydraulic horsepower for hydraulic fracturing, cementing, nitrogen and acid pressure pumping
services in key basins throughout the United States and Canada. 

In
addition:

•

We offer a wide range of ancillary well-site services, including engineering, transportation and disposal, construction,
maintenance, well logging, directional drilling, rig instrumentation, data collection and other support services in select U.S. and international markets. 

•

We manufacture and lease or sell top drives for a broad range of drilling applications, directional drilling systems, rig
instrumentation and data collection equipment, pipeline handling equipment and rig reporting software. 

•

We have a 51% ownership interest in a joint venture in Saudi Arabia, which owns and actively markets 5 rigs in addition to
the rigs we lease to the joint venture. 

        Nabors
was formed as a Bermuda exempted company on December 11, 2001. Through predecessors and acquired entities, Nabors has been continuously operating in the drilling sector
since the early 1900s. Our principal executive offices are located at Crown House, 4 Par-la-Ville Road, Second Floor, Hamilton, HM08, Bermuda, and our phone number there is (441) 292-1510. 

4

Table of Contents

 Our Rig Fleet 

•

Land Rigs.

  A land-based drilling rig generally consists of
engines, a drawworks, a mast (or derrick), pumps to circulate drilling fluid under various pressures, blowout preventers, drill string and related equipment. The engines power the different pieces of
equipment, including a rotary table or top drive that turns the drill string, causing the drill bit to bore through the subsurface rock layers. Rock cuttings are carried to the surface by the
circulating drilling fluid. The intended well depth, bore hole diameter and drilling site conditions are the principal factors that determine the size and type of rig most suitable for a particular
drilling job. 

Special-purpose
drilling rigs used to perform workover services consist of a mobile carrier, which includes an engine, drawworks and a mast, together with other standard drilling accessories and
specialized equipment for servicing wells. These rigs are specially designed for major repairs and modifications of oil and gas wells, including standard drilling functions. A well-servicing rig is
specially designed for periodic maintenance of oil and gas wells for which service is required to maximize the productive life of the wells. The primary function of a well-servicing rig is to act as a
hoist so that pipe, sucker rods and down-hole equipment can be run into and out of a well, although they also can
perform standard drilling functions. Because of size and cost considerations, these specially designed rigs are used for these workover services rather than larger drilling rigs typically used for
initial drilling. 

Land-based
drilling rigs are moved between well sites and among geographic areas using our fleet of cranes, loaders and transport vehicles or those of third-party service providers. Well-servicing
rigs are typically self-propelled, while heavier capacity workover rigs are either self-propelled or trailer-mounted and include auxiliary equipment, which is either transported on trailers or moved
with trucks. 

•

Platform Rigs.

  Platform rigs provide offshore workover,
drilling and re-entry services. Our platform rigs have drilling and/or well-servicing or workover equipment and machinery arranged in modular packages that are transported to, and assembled and
installed on, fixed offshore platforms owned by the customer. Fixed offshore platforms are steel tower-like structures that either stand on the ocean floor or are moored floating structures. The top
portion, or platform, sits above the water level and provides the foundation upon which the platform rig is placed. 

•

Jackup Rigs.

  Jackup rigs are mobile, self-elevating
drilling and workover platforms equipped with legs that can be lowered to the ocean floor until a foundation is established to support the hull, which contains the drilling and/or workover equipment,
jacking system, crew quarters, loading and unloading facilities, storage areas for bulk and liquid materials, helicopter landing deck and other related equipment. The rig legs may operate
independently or have a mat attached to the lower portion of the legs in order to provide a more stable foundation in soft bottom areas. Many of our jackup rigs are of cantilever design—a
feature that permits the drilling platform to be extended out from the hull, allowing it to perform drilling or workover operations over adjacent, fixed platforms. Our shallow workover jackup rigs are
typically limited to a maximum water depth of approximately 125 feet, and some may drill in water depths as shallow as 13 feet. We also have deeper water jackup rigs capable of drilling at depths
between eight feet and 150 to 250 feet. The water depth limit of a particular rig is determined by the length of its legs and by the operating environment. Moving a rig from one drill site to another
involves lowering the hull down into the water until it is afloat and then jacking up its legs. The rig is then towed to the new drilling site. 

•

Inland Barge Rigs.

  One of Nabors' barge rigs is a
full-size drilling unit. We also own two workover inland barge rigs. These barges are designed to perform plugging and abandonment, well-service or workover services in shallow inland, coastal or
offshore waters. Our barge rigs can operate at depths between three and 20 feet. 

5

Table of Contents

Additional
information regarding the geographic markets in which we operate and our business segments can be found in Note 23—Segment Information in Part II,
Item 8.—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 Types of Drilling Contracts 

        Our contracts for land-based drilling generally have terms with durations ranging from one to five years. Under these contracts, our
rigs are committed to one customer. Offshore workover projects are often contracted on a single-well basis. We generally receive drilling contracts through competitive bidding, although we
occasionally enter into contracts by direct negotiation. Most of our single-well contracts are subject to termination by the customer on short notice, but some can be firm for a number of wells or a
period of time, and may provide for early termination compensation in certain circumstances. Contract terms and rates differ depending on a variety of factors, including competitive conditions, the
geographical area, the geological formation to be drilled, the equipment and services to be supplied, the on-site drilling conditions and the anticipated duration of the work to be performed. 

        Our
drilling contracts are typically daywork contracts. A daywork contract generally provides for a basic rate per day when drilling (the dayrate for our providing a rig and crew) and
for lower rates when the rig is moving, or when drilling operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather conditions or other conditions beyond our control. In
addition, daywork contracts may provide for a lump-sum fee for the mobilization and demobilization of the rig, which in most cases approximates our incurred costs. A daywork contract differs from a
footage contract (in which the drilling contractor is paid on the basis of a rate per foot drilled) and a turnkey contract (in which the drilling contractor is paid for drilling a well to a specified
depth for a fixed price). 

 Completion Services 

        We provide a wide range of wellsite solutions to oil and natural gas companies, consisting primarily of technical pumping services,
including hydraulic fracturing, a process sometimes used in the completion of oil and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate
gas and oil production, and down-hole surveying
services. The completion process may involve selectively perforating the well casing at the depth of discrete producing zones, stimulating and testing these zones and installing down-hole equipment.
The completion process may take a few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a day. 

        Other
technical services include completion, production and rental tool services. Additionally, we provide fluid logistics services, including those related to the transportation,
storage and disposal of fluids that are used in the drilling, development and production of hydrocarbons. 

 Production Services 

        Although some wells in the United States flow oil to the surface without mechanical assistance, most are in mature production areas
that require pumping or some other form of artificial lift. Pumping wells characteristically require more maintenance than flowing wells because of the mechanical pumping equipment. 

•

Well-servicing/Maintenance Services.

  We provide
maintenance services on the mechanical apparatus used to pump or lift oil from producing wells. These services include, among other activities, repairing and replacing pumps, sucker rods and tubing.
They also occasionally include drilling services. We provide the rigs, equipment and crews for these tasks, which are performed on both oil and natural gas wells, but which are more commonly required
on oil wells. Maintenance services typically take less than 48 hours to complete. Rigs generally are provided to customers on a call-out 

6

Table of Contents

basis.
We are paid an hourly rate, and work typically is performed five days a week during daylight hours. 

•

Workover Services.

  Producing oil and natural gas wells
occasionally require major repairs or modifications, called "workovers." Workovers may be required to remedy failures, modify well depth and formation penetration to capture hydrocarbons from
alternative formations, clean out and recomplete a well when production has declined, repair leaks or convert a depleted well to an injection well for secondary or enhanced recovery projects.
Workovers normally are carried out with a rig that includes standard drilling accessories such as rotary drilling equipment, pumps and tanks for drilling fluids, blowout preventers and other
specialized equipment for servicing rigs. A workover may last anywhere from a few days to several weeks. We are paid a daily rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a
day. 

•

Production and Other Specialized Services.

  We also provide
other specialized services, including onsite temporary fluid storage; the supply, removal and disposal of specialized fluids used during certain completion and workover operations; and the removal and
disposal of salt water that often accompanies the production of oil and natural gas. We also provide plugging services for wells where the oil and natural gas has been depleted or further production
has become uneconomical. We are paid an hourly or a per-unit rate, as applicable, for these services. 

 Other Services 

        Through various subsidiaries, we manufacture top drives and catwalks, which are installed on both onshore and offshore drilling rigs.
We provide heavy equipment to move drilling rigs, water, other fluids and construction materials as well as the means to move such equipment. We offer specialized drilling technologies, including
patented steering systems and rig instrumentation software systems including:

•

ROCKITTM directional drilling system, which is used to provide data collection services to oil and gas
exploration and service companies, and 

•

RIGWATCHTM software, which is computerized software and equipment that monitors a rig's real-time
performance and daily reporting for drilling operations, making this data available through the internet. 

 Our Customers 

        Our customers include major, national and independent oil and gas companies. No customer accounted for more than 10% of our
consolidated revenues in 2013 or 2012. 

 Our Employees 

        As of December 31, 2013, we employed approximately 29,000 people, of whom approximately 3,150 were employed by unconsolidated
affiliates. We believe our relationship with our employees is generally good. 

        Some
rig employees in Alaska, Argentina and Australia are represented by collective bargaining units. 

 Seasonality 

        Our Canada and Alaska drilling and workover operations are subject to seasonal variations as a result of weather conditions and
generally experience reduced levels of activity and financial results during the second quarter of each year. In addition, our pressure pumping operations located in the Appalachian, Mid-Continent,
and Rocky Mountain regions of the United States can be adversely 

7

Table of Contents

affected
by seasonal weather conditions, primarily in the spring, as many municipalities impose weight restrictions on the paved roads leading to our jobsites due to the muddy conditions caused by
spring thaws. Global warming could lengthen these periods of reduced activity, but we cannot currently estimate to what degree. Our overall financial results reflect the seasonal variations
experienced in these operations, but seasonality does not materially impact the remaining portions of our business. 

 Research and Development 

        Research and development continues to be a growing part of our overall business. The effective use of technology is critical to
maintaining our competitive position within the drilling industry. We expect to continue developing technology internally and acquiring technology through strategic acquisitions. 

 Industry/Competitive Conditions 

        To a large degree, our businesses depend on the level of capital spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and
production activities. A sustained increase or decrease in the price of oil and natural gas could have a material impact on the exploration, development and production activities of our customers and
could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Part I, Item 1A.—Risk Factors—
Fluctuations in
oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash flows and profitability

. 

        Our
industry remains competitive. The number of available rigs exceeds demand in many of our markets, resulting in strong price competition. Many rigs can be readily moved from one
region to another in response to changes in levels of activity, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. Many of the total available contracts are currently awarded on a bid basis, which
further increases competition based on price. The land drilling, workover, pressure pumping and well-servicing market is generally more competitive than the offshore market due to the larger number of
rigs and market participants. 

        In
all of our geographic markets the ability to deliver rigs with new technology and features is the most significant factor in determining which drilling contractor is awarded a job. In
recent years, rigs equipped with moving systems and configured to accommodate the drilling of multiple wells on a single site have offered a competitive advantage. In international markets, experience
in operating in certain environments, as well as customer alliances, have been significant factors in the selection of Nabors. Other factors include the overall quality of service and safety record,
price and the availability and condition of equipment; and the availability of trained personnel possessing specialized skills; and the ability to offer ancillary services. 

        Certain
competitors are present in more than one of our operating regions, although no one competitor operates in all of these areas. In the United States we compete with Helmerich and
Payne, Inc. and Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc., and several hundred other competitors with national,
regional or local rig operations. In our U.S. Production Services operating segment, we compete with Basic Energy Services, Inc., Key Energy Services, Inc., Superior Energy
Services, Inc., Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and numerous other competitors having smaller regional or local rig operations. In Canada and the United States, we compete with many firms of
varying size, several of which have more significant operations in those areas than Nabors. Elsewhere, we compete directly with various contractors at each location where we operate. Our Completion
Services operating segment competes with large operators such as Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Weatherford International Ltd., Schlumberger Limited, and FTS International
Services LLC. as well as, smaller companies such as C&J Energy Services, Inc., RPC, Inc., and other small and mid-sized independent contractors, as well as major oilfield services
companies with operations outside of the United States. We believe that the market for 

8

Table of Contents

land
drilling, well-servicing and workover and pressure pumping contracts will continue to be competitive. 

        Our
other operating segments represent a relatively smaller part of our business, and we have numerous competitors in each area. 

 Our Business Strategy 

        Our strategy is to position Nabors to grow and prosper when market conditions are good and to mitigate adverse effects when market
conditions are bad. During 2012 and 2013, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet, which enhanced stability, reduced our borrowing costs and allowed us to better navigate challenges and
capitalize on market opportunities. The principal elements of our strategy to build shareholder value during 2013 were to:

•

Leverage our global infrastructure to enhance revenue and profitability growth; 

•

Achieve superior health, safety and environmental performance; 

•

Achieve superior operational performance; 

•

Focus on delivering value-added services to our customers; 

•

Enhance and leverage our technology position; and 

•

Achieve returns well above our cost of capital. 

        We
operate from two business lines to provide a solid foundation for sustained long-term growth, leveraging the benefits of our size and becoming a more customer-focused organization. We
believe the deployment of our newer and higher-margin rigs under long-term contracts will also enhance our competitive position. 

        Our
current focus is to continue improving flexibility in our balance sheet, optimize capital deployment and continue to incorporate value enhancing technology and innovation. In
addition, we continue to:

•

Emphasize execution and operational excellence in our core businesses; 

•

Impose more stringent investment criteria for new projects; 

•

Optimize intra-company synergies and technological advancements; and 

•

Monetize nonperforming and nonstrategic assets. 

 Acquisitions and Divestitures 

        We have grown from a land drilling business centered in the U.S. lower 48 states, Canada and Alaska to an international business with
operations on land and offshore in most of the major oil and gas markets in the world. At the beginning of 1990, our fleet consisted of 44 actively marketed land drilling rigs in Canada, Alaska and in
various international markets. Today, our worldwide fleet of actively marketed rigs consists of 490 land drilling rigs, 549 rigs for land well-servicing and workover work in the United States and
Canada, offshore platform rigs, jackup units, barge rigs and a large component of trucks and fluid hauling vehicles. This growth was fueled in part by strategic acquisitions. Although Nabors continues
to examine opportunities, there can be no assurance that attractive rigs or other acquisition opportunities will continue to be available, that the pricing will be economical or that we will be
successful in making such acquisitions in the future. 

        As
noted above, we may sell a subsidiary or group of assets outside of our core markets or business if it is strategically or economically advantageous for us to do so. 

9

Table of Contents

 Acquisitions 

        In September 2010, we acquired Superior Well Services, Inc. ("Superior") at a cash purchase price of $22.12 per share, or
approximately $681.3 million in the aggregate. The purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the
acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over such fair values was $335.0 million and was recorded as goodwill. The acquisition added a number of services to our portfolio, including
a wide range of wellsite solutions to oil and natural gas companies, primarily technical pumping services and down-hole surveying services. During 2012, we ceased using the Superior trade name. 

        In
December 2010, we purchased the business of Energy Contractors LLC ("Energy Contractors") for a total cash purchase price of $53.4 million. The assets were comprised of
vehicles and rig equipment and are included in our Production Services operating segment. The purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired based on their preliminary
fair value estimates as of December 31, 2010. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired was recorded as goodwill in the amount of $4.2 million. 

        In
July 2011, we paid $65 million in cash to acquire the remaining 50% equity interest of Peak Oilfield Service Company, making it a wholly owned subsidiary. Previously, we held a
50% equity interest with a carrying value of $38.1 million that we had accounted for as an equity method investment. As a result of the acquisition, we consolidated the assets and liabilities
of Peak during the third quarter of 2011 based on their respective fair values. The excess of the estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities over the net carrying value of our previously held
equity interest resulted in a gain of $13.1 million and was reflected in losses (gains) on sales and disposals of long-lived assets and other expense (income) for 2011. The excess of the
purchase price over the fair value was $8.0 million and was recorded as goodwill. In October 2013, we sold Peak (as described below). 

        In
January 2013, we purchased the business of Navigate Energy Services, Inc. ("NES") for a total cash price of approximately $37.5 million. This acquisition expands our
technology and development capability for drilling and measurement tools and services, and is included in our Rig Services operating segment. The purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and
intangible assets acquired based on fair value. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the assets acquired was recorded as goodwill in the amount of $15.8 million. 

        In
October 2013, we purchased KVS Transportation, Inc. and D&D Equipment Investments, LLC, (collectively, "KVS") for total consideration of $149.0 million,
$66.8 million of which is payable in three equal annual installments through 2016. KVS provided various logistics and support services operating in the oilfield and well-servicing industry.
Services are provided by tractor trucks, bobtail trucks, winch trucks, other truck types, trailers, container bins, eyewash stations, various types of tanks, shop equipment and other related support
equipment. This acquisition expands our truck fleet, vacuum truck services, and tank and related equipment services, and is included in our Production Services operating segment. 

 Divestitures 

        In 2011, we sold some of our wholly owned oil and gas assets in Colombia and our 25% working interest in the Cat Canyon and West Cat
Canyon fields in Santa Barbara County, California. Additionally in 2011, Remora Energy International LP ("Remora"), a former unconsolidated oil and gas joint venture of ours, completed sales of
its oil and gas assets in Colombia. During 2011, we received gross cash proceeds of $303.8 million from sales of oil and gas assets. 

        In
2012, we sold our remaining wholly owned oil and gas business in Colombia and sold additional wholly owned oil and gas assets in the United States. In December 2012, we sold our 49.7%
ownership interest in NFR Energy LLC, the U.S. unconsolidated oil and gas joint venture, to the remaining equity 

10

Table of Contents

owners.
Subsequent to this transaction, NFR Energy LLC changed its name to Sabine Oil & Gas LLC ("Sabine"). During 2012, we received cumulative gross cash proceeds of
$254.5 million from sales of oil and gas assets. 

        In
2013, we sold the assets of one of our former Canadian subsidiaries that provided logistics services for proceeds of $9.3 million. In addition, we sold Peak, one of our
businesses in Alaska, for gross cash proceeds of $135.5 million. The accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and notes to the consolidated financial statements have been updated
to retroactively reclassify the operating results of these divested assets as discontinued operations for all periods presented. We also sold some of our oil and gas assets and received proceeds of
approximately $90.0 million, which were reclassified to discontinued operations in the prior year. 

        See
Note 5—Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations for additional discussion in Part II, Item 8.—Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

 Environmental Compliance 

        We do not anticipate that compliance with currently applicable environmental regulations and controls will significantly change our
competitive position, capital spending or earnings during 2014. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations, and the cost of such compliance is not
material to our business or financial condition. For a more detailed description of the environmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations, see Part I,
—
Changes to or noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect
our results of operations.

11

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A.    

RISK FACTORS 

        In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this report, the following factors should be carefully considered when
evaluating Nabors. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

        Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

 Fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash flows and profitability 

        Our operations depend on the level of spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and production activities. Both
short-term and long-term trends in oil and natural gas prices affect these levels. Oil and natural gas prices, as well as the level of drilling, exploration and production activity, can be highly
volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, affect both the demand for, and the supply of, oil and natural
gas. Weather conditions, governmental regulation (both in the United States and elsewhere), levels of consumer demand, the availability of pipeline capacity, and other factors beyond our control may
also affect the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas. Lower oil and natural gas prices have caused some of our customers to terminate, seek to renegotiate or fail to honor our drilling
contracts and affected the fair market value of our rig fleet, which in turn has resulted in impairments of our assets. A sustained or further decline in oil and natural gas prices could adversely
impact our cash forecast models used to determine whether the carrying value of our long-lived assets exceed our future cash flows, which could result in future impairment to our long-lived assets. A
prolonged period of lower oil and natural gas prices could affect our ability to retain skilled rig personnel and affect our ability to access capital to finance and grow our business. There can be no
assurances as to the future level of demand for our services or future conditions in the oil and natural gas and oilfield services industries. 

 We operate in a highly competitive industry with excess drilling capacity, which may adversely affect our results of operations 

        The oilfield services industry is very competitive. Contract drilling companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and competition
may vary significantly from region to region at any particular time. Many drilling, workover and well-servicing rigs can be moved from one region to another in response to changes in levels of
activity and market conditions, which may result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. In many markets where we operate, the number of rigs available for use exceeds the demand for rigs, resulting in
price competition. In recent years the ability to deliver rigs with new technology and features can determine which drilling contractor is awarded a job, which requires continued technology
advancement. The land drilling market generally is more competitive than the offshore drilling market because there are a greater number of rigs and competitors. 

 The nature of our operations presents inherent risks of loss that could adversely affect our results of operations 

        Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling, workover and well-servicing and pressure pumping industries,
including blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, loss of well control, loss of or damage to the wellbore or underground reservoir, damaged or lost drilling equipment and damage or loss from inclement
weather or natural disasters. Any of these
hazards could result in personal injury or death, damage to or destruction of equipment and facilities, suspension of operations, environmental and natural resources damage and damage to the property
of others. Our 

12

Table of Contents

offshore
operations involve the additional hazards of marine operations including capsizing, grounding, collision, damage from hurricanes and heavy weather or sea conditions and unsound ocean bottom
conditions. Our operations are also subject to risks of war, civil disturbances or other political events. 

        Accidents
may occur, we may be unable to obtain desired contractual indemnities, and our insurance may prove inadequate in certain cases. The occurrence of an event not fully insured or
indemnified against, or the failure or inability of a customer or insurer to meet its indemnification or insurance obligations, could result in substantial losses. In addition, insurance may not be
available to cover any or all of these risks. Even if available, insurance may be inadequate or insurance premiums or other costs may rise significantly in the future making insurance prohibitively
expensive. We expect to continue facing upward pressure in our insurance renewals; our premiums and deductibles may be higher, and some insurance coverage may either be unavailable or more expensive
than it has been in the past. Moreover, our insurance coverage generally provides that we assume a portion of the risk in the form of a deductible or self-insured retention. We may choose to increase
the levels of deductibles (and thus assume a greater degree of risk) from time to time in order to minimize our overall costs. 

 The profitability of our operations could be adversely affected by war, civil disturbance, terrorist activity or other political or economic turmoil, fluctuation in currency
exchange rates and local import and export controls 

        We derive a significant portion of our business from global markets, including major operations in Canada, South America, Mexico, the
Middle East, the Far East, the South Pacific, Russia and Africa. These operations are subject to various risks, including war, civil disturbances, terrorist activity and governmental actions that may
limit or disrupt markets, restrict the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of property without fair compensation. In some countries, our operations may be
subject to the additional risk of fluctuating currency values and exchange controls. We are subject to various laws and regulations that govern the operation and taxation of our business and the
import and export of our equipment from country to country, the imposition, application and interpretation of which can prove to be uncertain. 

 As a holding company, we depend on our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations 

        We are a holding company with no significant assets other than the stock of our subsidiaries. In order to meet our financial needs, we
rely exclusively on repayments of interest and principal on intercompany loans that we have made to our operating subsidiaries and income from dividends and other cash flow from our subsidiaries.
There can be no assurance that our operating subsidiaries will generate sufficient net income to pay us dividends or sufficient cash flow to make payments of interest and principal to us. In addition,
from time to time, our operating subsidiaries may enter into financing arrangements that contractually restrict or prohibit these types of upstream payments. There can also be adverse tax consequences
associated with paying dividends. 

 Our financial and operating flexibility could be affected by our long-term debt and other financial commitments 

        As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $3.9 billion in outstanding long-term debt. We also have various
commitments for leases, firm transportation and processing, and purchase commitments. Our ability to service our debt and other obligations depends in large part upon the level of cash flows generated
by our subsidiaries' operations, possible dispositions of non-core assets, availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our ability to access the capital markets. 

13

Table of Contents

 A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital 

        Our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing is enhanced by our senior unsecured debt ratings as
provided by the major credit rating agencies in the United States and our historical ability to access those markets as needed. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned
asset purchases or sales, and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, and commodity pricing levels and others are also
considered by the rating agencies. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the cost of future debt, and potentially require us to post
letters of credit for certain obligations. 

 The loss of key executives or difficulty attracting and retaining experienced technical personnel could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success 

        The successful execution of the strategies central to our future success will depend, in part, on a few of our key executive officers.
We have employment agreements with some of our key personnel within the company. We do not carry significant amounts of key man insurance. Our operations depend, in part, on our ability to attract and
retain experienced technical professionals. Competition for such professionals is intense. The loss of key executive officers, or our inability to retain or attract experienced technical personnel,
could harm our ability to compete. 

 Noncompliance with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations 

        Drilling of oil and gas wells is subject to various laws, rules and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate. Our cost of
compliance with these laws may be substantial. For example, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has promulgated rules requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions applicable to
certain offshore oil and natural gas production and onshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities. In addition, U.S. federal law strictly
regulates the prevention of oil spills, release of hazardous substances, and imposes liability for removal costs and natural resource, real or personal property and certain economic damages arising
from any spills. Some of these laws may impose strict and/or joint and several liability for clean-up costs and damages without regard to the conduct of the parties. As an owner and operator of
onshore and offshore rigs and other equipment, we may be deemed to be a responsible party under federal law. In addition, our completion and production services operations routinely involve the
handling of significant amounts of materials, some of which are classified as solid or hazardous wastes or hazardous substances. We are subject to various laws governing the containment and disposal
of hazardous substances, oilfield waste and other waste materials, the use of underground storage tanks and the use of underground injection wells. We employ personnel responsible for monitoring
environmental compliance and arranging for remedial actions that may be required from time to time and also use consultants to advise on and assist with our environmental compliance efforts.
Liabilities are recorded when the need for environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts become known or probable and the cost can be reasonably estimated. 

        Changes
in environmental laws may also negatively impact the operations of oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, which in turn could have an adverse effect on us. For
example, legislation has been proposed from time to time in the U.S. Congress that would reclassify some oil and natural gas production wastes as hazardous wastes under the Resources Conservation and
Recovery Act, which would make the reclassified wastes subject to more stringent and costly handling, disposal and clean-up requirements. In addition, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act provides
the federal government with broad discretion in regulating the leasing of offshore oil and gas production sites. Legislators and regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions where we
operate also focus increasingly on restricting the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases that 

14

Table of Contents

may
contribute to warming of the Earth's atmosphere, and other climatic changes. The U.S. Congress has considered legislation designed to reduce emission of greenhouse gases, and some states in which
we operate have passed legislation or adopted initiatives, such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative in the northeastern United States and the Western Regional Climate Action Initiative, which
establish greenhouse gas inventories and/or cap-and-trade programs. Some international initiatives have also been adopted, which could result in increased costs of operations in covered jurisdictions.
In addition, the EPA has published findings that emissions of greenhouse gases present an endangerment to public health and the environment, paving the way for further regulations that could restrict
emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act. The EPA has already issued rules requiring monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from oil and gas systems.
Future or more stringent regulation could dramatically increase operating costs for oil and natural gas companies and could reduce the market for our services by making wells and/or oilfields
uneconomical to operate. 

 Changes in environmental laws related to hydraulic fracturing or other operations could result in increased costs of compliance and reductions or delays in drilling and
completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the demand for fracturing and other services or our results of operations 

        Operations in our Completion Services operating segment include hydraulic fracturing, a process sometimes used in the completion of oil
and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate gas and, to a lesser extent, oil production. Hydraulic fracturing activities are
currently exempt under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, except for those using diesel fuel, for which the EPA has asserted regulatory authority and is drafting guidance documents. The EPA is also
conducting a study of the potential environmental impacts from hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. In addition, the federal Bureau of Land Management has imposed new requirements on
hydraulic fracturing conducted on federal lands, including the disclosure of chemical additives used. In 2011, the U.S. Department of Energy released a report on hydraulic fracturing, recommending the
implementation of a variety of measures to reduce the environmental impacts from shale-gas production. In addition, there has been public opposition to hydraulic fracturing. As a result, there have
been legislative initiatives to regulate hydraulic fracturing under the Safe Drinking Water Act or under newly established legislation. Legislation has also been introduced in the U.S. Congress and
adopted or introduced in some states requiring disclosure of chemicals used in the fracturing process. If enacted, the legislation could require fracturing activities to meet permitting and financial
assurance requirements, adhere to certain construction specifications, fulfill monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and meet plugging and abandonment requirements. The EPA has
indicated an intent to regulate wastewater discharges under the Federal Clean Water Act from hydraulic fracturing and other natural gas production. In 2012, the EPA also promulgated new rules
establishing new air emission controls for oil and gas production and natural gas processing operations. These rules require, among other things, controlling emissions through flaring until 2015 and
thereafter through reduced emissions completions,
as well as imposing new requirements on emissions from tanks and other equipment. These rules and any other new laws regulating exploration, production and completion activities could cause
operational delays, increased costs of compliance or increased costs in exploration and production, which could adversely affect our business and the demand for fracturing services. 

 Significant exercises of stock options could adversely affect the market price of our common shares 

        As of February 24, 2014, we had 800,000,000 authorized common shares, of which 324,921,245 shares were outstanding. In addition,
29,004,477 common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to stock option and employee benefit plans. The sale, or availability for sale, of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public
market, whether directly by us or resulting from the exercise of options (and, where applicable, sales pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act), would be dilutive to 

15

Table of Contents

existing
security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

 Provisions in our organizational documents may be insufficient to thwart a coercive hostile takeover attempt; conversely, they may deter a change of control transaction and
decrease the likelihood of a shareholder receiving a change of control premium 

        Companies generally seek to prevent coercive takeovers by parties unwilling to pay fair value for the enterprise they acquire.
Historically, we have sought to avoid a coercive takeover by:

•

Classifying our Board of Directors so that all the directors could not be replaced at a single meeting. 

•

Authorizing the Board to issue a significant number of common shares and up to 25,000,000 preferred shares, as well as to
determine the price, rights (including voting rights), conversion ratios, preferences and privileges of the preferred shares, in each case without any vote or action by the holders of our common
shares. 

•

Adopting a shareholder rights plan that limits the number of shares of our common stock a potential acquiror can purchase
without either securing the approval of our Board of Directors or having their voting interest severely diluted. The plan is scheduled to expire in July 2016 unless it is extended. 

•

Limiting the ability of our shareholders to call or bring business before special meetings. 

•

Prohibiting our shareholders from taking action by written consent in lieu of a meeting unless the consent is signed by
all the shareholders then entitled to vote. 

•

Requiring advance notice of shareholder proposals for business to be conducted at general meetings and for nomination of
candidates for election to our Board of Directors; and 

•

Reserving to our Board of Directors the ability to determine the number of directors comprising the full Board and to fill
vacancies or newly created seats on the Board. 

        At
the request of shareholders, we declassified the Board, which makes it easier for another party to acquire control of the Company. The remaining provisions designed to avoid a
coercive takeover might not be fully effective so a party might still be able to acquire the Company without paying what the Board considers to be fair value, including a control premium. 

        On
the other hand, some shareholders view the foregoing provisions as too likely to discourage a would-be acquiror and thus to reduce the likelihood that shareholders would receive a
premium for their shares in a takeover. 

 We may have additional tax liabilities 

        We are subject to income taxes in numerous other jurisdictions, including the United States. Significant judgment is required in
determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are
regularly audited by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than what is
reflected in income tax provisions and accruals. An audit or litigation could materially affect our financial position, income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods
challenged. It is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date. 

16

Table of Contents

 Legal proceedings could affect our financial condition and results of operations 

        We are subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations from time to time that include employment, tort, intellectual
property and other claims, and purported class action and shareholder derivative actions. We are also subject to complaints and allegations from former, current or prospective employees from time to
time, alleging violations of employment-related laws. Lawsuits or claims could result in decisions against us that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 The profitability of our operations could be adversely affected by turmoil in the global financial markets 

        The changes in general financial and political conditions, including the U.S. government budget, the downgrade by Standard &
Poor's of the credit rating of U.S. government securities and concerns over the European sovereign debt crisis and banking industry has created a great deal of uncertainty in the recovery of the world
economy. If global economic uncertainties continue over a prolonged period of time or develop adversely, there could be a material adverse impact on our credit ratings and liquidity and those of our
customers and other worldwide business partners. If global oil and gas prices were to decline rapidly, it could lead our customers to curtail their operations or expansion and cause difficulties for
us and our customers to forecast future capital
expenditures, which in turn could negatively impact the worldwide rig count and our future financial results.