, please see Part I, Item 1A. — Risk Factors.

     Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,”
“our,” “Company,” or “Nabors” means Nabors Industries Ltd. and, where the context requires,
includes our subsidiaries.

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Introduction

     Nabors is the largest land drilling contractor in the world, with approximately 528 actively
marketed land drilling rigs. We conduct oil, gas and geothermal land drilling operations in the
U.S. Lower 48 states, Alaska, Canada, South America, Mexico, the Caribbean, the Middle East, the
Far East, Russia and Africa. We are also one of the largest land well-servicing and workover
contractors in the

3

Table of Contents

United States and Canada. We actively market approximately 592 land workover and
well-servicing rigs in the United States, primarily in the southwestern and western United States,
and actively market approximately 171 land workover and well-servicing rigs in Canada. Nabors is a
leading provider of offshore platform workover and drilling rigs, and actively markets 37 platform
rigs, 13 jack-up units and 3 barge rigs in the United States and multiple international markets.
These rigs provide well-servicing, workover and drilling services. We have a 51% ownership interest
in a joint venture in Saudi Arabia, which owns and actively markets 9 rigs in addition to the rigs
we lease to the joint venture. We also offer a wide range of ancillary well-site services,
including engineering, transportation, construction, maintenance, well logging, directional
drilling, rig instrumentation, data collection and other support services in selected domestic and
international markets. We provide logistics services for onshore drilling in Canada using
helicopters and fixed-winged aircraft. We manufacture and lease or sell top drives for a broad
range of drilling applications, directional drilling systems, rig instrumentation and data
collection equipment, pipeline handling equipment and rig reporting software. We also invest in oil
and gas exploration, development and production activities and have 49-50% ownership interests
 in the U.S., Canada and International areas.

     Nabors was formed as a Bermuda-exempt company on December 11, 2001. Through predecessors and
acquired entities, Nabors has been continuously operating in the drilling sector since the early
1900s. Our principal executive offices are located at Mintflower Place, 8 Par-La-Ville Road,
Hamilton, HM08, Bermuda. Our phone number at our principal executive offices is (441) 292-1510.

Our Fleet of Rigs

 •

Land Rigs. A land-based drilling rig generally consists of engines, a drawworks, a mast (or
derrick), pumps to circulate the drilling fluid (mud) under various pressures, blowout
preventers, drill string and related equipment. The engines power the different pieces of
equipment, including a rotary table or top drive that turns the drill string, causing the
drill bit to bore through the subsurface rock layers. Rock cuttings are carried to the surface
by the circulating drilling fluid. The intended well depth, bore hole diameter and drilling
site conditions are the principal factors that determine the size and type of rig most
suitable for a particular drilling job.

A land-based workover or well-servicing rig consists of a mobile carrier, engine, drawworks and a
mast. The mobile workover or well-servicing rig is specially designed for periodic maintenance as
well as major repairs and modifications of oil and gas wells for which service is required to
maximize the productive life of such wells. Workovers may be required to remedy failures, modify
well depth and formation penetration to capture hydrocarbons from alternative formations, clean
out and recomplete a well when production has declined, repair leaks or convert a depleted well
to an injection well for secondary or enhanced recovery projects. The primary function of a
workover or well-servicing rig is to act as a hoist so that pipe, sucker rods and down-hole
equipment can be run into and out of a well. Because of size and cost considerations,
well-servicing and workover rigs are used for these operations rather than the larger drilling
rigs. Land-based drilling rigs are moved between well sites and between geographic areas of
operations by using our fleet of cranes, loaders and transport vehicles or those from a
third-party service vendor. Well-servicing rigs are generally self-propelled units and heavier
capacity workover rigs are either self-propelled or trailer mounted and include auxiliary
equipment, which is either transported on trailers or moved with trucks.

 •

Platform Rigs. Platform rigs provide offshore workover, drilling and re-entry services. Our
platform rigs have drilling and/or well-servicing or workover equipment and machinery arranged
in modular packages that are transported to, and assembled and installed on, fixed offshore
platforms owned by the customer. Fixed offshore platforms are steel tower-like structures that
either stand on the ocean floor or are moored floating structures. The top portion, or
platform, sits above the water level and provides the foundation upon which the platform rig
is placed.

 •

Jack-up Rigs. Jack-up rigs are mobile, self-elevating drilling and workover platforms
equipped with legs that can be lowered to the ocean floor until a foundation is established to
support the hull, which contains the drilling and/or workover equipment, jacking system, crew
quarters, loading and unloading facilities, storage areas for bulk and liquid materials,
helicopter landing deck and other related equipment. The rig legs may operate independently or
have a mat attached to the lower portion of the legs in order to provide a more stable
foundation in soft bottom areas. Many of our jack-up rigs are of cantilever design — a feature
that permits the drilling platform to be extended out from the hull, allowing it to perform
drilling or workover operations over adjacent, fixed platforms. Nabors’ shallow workover
jack-up rigs generally are subject to a maximum water depth of approximately 125 feet, while
some of our jack-up rigs may drill in water depths as shallow as 13 feet. Nabors also has
deeper water depth capacity jack-up rigs that are capable of drilling at depths between eight
feet and 150 to 250 feet. The water depth limit of a particular rig is determined by the
length of the rig’s legs and the operating environment. Moving a rig from one drill site to
another involves lowering the hull down into the water until it is afloat and then jacking up
its legs with the hull floating. The rig is then towed to the new drilling site.

 •

Inland Barge Rigs. One of Nabors’ barge rigs is a full-size drilling unit. Nabors also owns
two workover inland barge rigs. These barges are designed to perform plugging and abandonment,
well service or workover services in shallow inland, coastal or offshore waters. Our barge
rigs can operate at depths between three and 20 feet.

4

Table of Contents

Additional information regarding the geographic markets in which we operate and our business
segments can be found in Note 20 in Part II, Item 8. — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Customers: Types of Drilling Contracts

     Our customers include major oil and gas companies, foreign national oil and gas companies and
independent oil and gas companies. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of consolidated
revenues in 2008 or in 2007.

     On land in the U.S. Lower 48 states and Canada, we have historically been contracted on a
single-well basis, with extensions subject to mutual agreement on pricing and other significant
terms. Beginning in late 2004, as a result of increasing demand for drilling services, our
customers started entering into longer term contracts with durations ranging from one to three
years. Under these contracts, our rigs are committed to one customer over that term. Increasingly,
these contracts are being signed for three-year terms for newly constructed rigs. Contracts
relating to offshore drilling and land drilling in Alaska and international markets generally
provide for longer terms, usually from one to five years. Offshore workover projects are often on a
single-well basis. We generally are awarded drilling contracts through competitive bidding,
although we occasionally enter into contracts by direct negotiation. Most of our single-well
contracts are subject to termination by the customer on short notice, but some can be firm for a
number of wells or a period of time, and may provide for early termination compensation in certain
circumstances. The contract terms and rates may differ depending on a variety of factors, including
competitive conditions, the geographical area, the geological formation to be drilled, the
equipment and services to be supplied, the on-site drilling conditions and the anticipated duration
of the work to be performed.

     In recent years, all of our drilling contracts have been daywork contracts. A daywork contract
generally provides for a basic rate per day when drilling (the dayrate for us providing a rig and
crew) and for lower rates when the rig is moving, or when drilling operations are interrupted or
restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather conditions or other conditions beyond our
control. In addition, daywork contracts may provide for a lump sum fee for the mobilization and
demobilization of the rig, which in most cases approximates our incurred costs. A daywork contract
differs from a footage contract (in which the drilling contractor is paid on the basis of a rate
per foot drilled) and a turnkey contract (in which the drilling contractor is paid for drilling a
well to a specified depth for a fixed price).

Well-Servicing and Workover Services

     Although some wells in the United States flow oil to the surface without mechanical
assistance, most are in mature production areas that require pumping or some other form of
artificial lift. Pumping oil wells characteristically require more maintenance than flowing wells
because of the operation of the mechanical pumping equipment installed.

 •

Well-Servicing/Maintenance Services. We provide maintenance services on the mechanical
apparatus used to pump or lift oil from producing wells. These services include, among other
things, repairing and replacing pumps, sucker rods and tubing. We provide the rigs, equipment
and crews for these tasks, which are performed on both oil and natural gas wells, but which
are more commonly required on oil wells. Maintenance services typically take less than 48
hours to complete. Well-servicing rigs generally are provided to customers on a call-out
basis. We are paid an hourly rate and work typically is performed five days a week during
daylight hours.

 •

Workover Services. Producing oil and natural gas wells occasionally require major repairs or
modifications, called “workovers.” Workovers normally are carried out with a well-servicing
rig that includes additional specialized accessory equipment, which may include rotary
drilling equipment, mud pumps, mud tanks and blowout preventers. A workover may last anywhere
from a few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly rate and work is generally performed
seven days a week, 24 hours a day.

 •

Completion Services. The kinds of activities necessary to carry out a workover operation are
essentially the same as those that are required to “complete” a well when it is first drilled.
The completion process may involve selectively perforating the well casing at the depth of
discrete producing zones, stimulating and testing these zones and installing down-hole
equipment. The completion process may take a few days to several weeks. We are paid an hourly
rate and work is generally performed seven days a week, 24 hours a day.

 •

Production and Other Specialized Services. We also can provide other specialized services,
including onsite temporary fluid-storage facilities, the provision, removal and disposal of
specialized fluids used during certain completion and workover operations, and the removal and
disposal of salt water that often is produced in conjunction with the production of oil and
natural gas. We also provide plugging services for wells from which the oil and natural gas
has been depleted or further production has become uneconomical. We are paid an hourly or a
per unit rate, as applicable, for these services.

5

Table of Contents

Oil and Gas Investments

     Through our wholly owned Ramshorn business unit, Nabors makes investments in oil and gas
exploration, development and production operations in the United States, Canada and
internationally. In addition in late 2006, we entered into an agreement with First Reserve
Corporation to form select joint ventures to invest in oil and gas exploration opportunities
worldwide. During 2007, three joint ventures were formed for operations in the United States,
Canada and international areas. We hold 49.7% ownership interests in the U.S. and international entities and a 50% ownership interest in the Canadian entity
and account for these investments using the equity method of accounting. Each joint venture
pursues development and exploration projects with both existing customers of ours and with other
operators in a variety of forms including operated and non-operated working interests, joint
ventures, farm-outs and acquisitions. The U.S. joint venture business is focused on the
exploration for and the acquisition, development and production of natural gas, oil and natural gas
liquids in Texas, Montana, Utah and North Dakota. Outside of the United States, our joint venture
entities own or have interests in the Alberta and British Columbia Provinces of Canada and
internationally in Colombia.

     Additional information about recent activities for this segment can be found in Part II, Item
7. — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Oil
and Gas.

Other Services

     Canrig Drilling Technology Ltd., our drilling technologies and well services subsidiary,
manufactures top drives, which are installed on both onshore and offshore drilling rigs. Our top
drives are marketed throughout the world. During the last three years, approximately 53% of our top
drive sales were made to other Nabors companies. We also rent top drives and provide top drive
installation, repair and maintenance services to our customers. We also offer rig instrumentation
equipment, including sensors, proprietary RIGWATCH® software and computerized equipment that
monitors the real-time performance of a rig. In addition, we specialize in daily reporting software
for drilling operations, making this data available through the internet on the website
www.mywells.com. We also provide mudlogging services. Canrig Drilling Technology Canada Ltd., one
of our Canadian subsidiaries, manufactures catwalks and wrenches which are installed on both
onshore and offshore drilling rigs. During the 31 months of operations since acquisition,
approximately 62% of the equipment sales were made to other Nabors companies. Ryan Energy
Technologies, Inc., another one of our subsidiaries, manufactures and sells directional drilling
and rig instrumentation and data collection services to oil and gas exploration and service
companies. Nabors has a 50% interest in Peak Oilfield Service Company, a general partnership with a
subsidiary of Cook Inlet Region, Inc., a leading Alaskan native corporation. Peak Oilfield Service
Company provides heavy equipment to move drilling rigs, water, other fluids and construction
materials, primarily on Alaska’s North Slope and in the Cook Inlet region. The partnership also
provides construction and maintenance for ice roads, pads, facilities, equipment, drill sites and
pipelines. Nabors also has a 50% membership interest in Alaska Interstate Construction, L.L.C., a
limited liability company whose other member is a subsidiary of Cook Inlet Region, Inc. Alaska
Interstate Construction is a general contractor involved in the construction of roads, bridges,
dams, drill sites and other facility sites, as well as providing mining support in Alaska. Revenues
are derived from services to companies engaged in mining and public works. Our subsidiary, Peak USA
Energy Services, Ltd., provides hauling and maintenance services for customers in the U.S. Lower 48
states. Nabors Blue Sky Ltd. leases aircraft used for logistics services for onshore drilling in
Canada using helicopters and fixed-winged aircraft.

Our Employees

     As of December 31, 2008, Nabors employed approximately 26,912 persons, of whom approximately
3,920 were employed by unconsolidated affiliates. We believe our relationship with our employees
generally is good.

     Certain rig employees in Argentina and Australia are represented by collective bargaining
units.

Seasonality

     Our Canadian and Alaskan drilling and workover operations are subject to seasonal variations
as a result of weather conditions and generally experience reduced levels of activity and financial
results during the second calendar quarter of each year. Seasonality does not have a material
impact on the remaining portions of our business. Our overall financial results reflect the
seasonal variations experienced in our Canadian and Alaskan operations.

Research and Development

     Research and development constitutes a growing part of our overall business. The effective use
of technology is critical to the maintenance of our competitive position within the drilling
industry. As a result of the importance of technology to our business, we expect to continue to
develop technology internally or to acquire technology through strategic acquisitions.

6

Table of Contents

Industry/Competitive Conditions

     To a large degree, Nabors’ businesses depend on the level of capital spending by oil and gas
companies for exploration, development and production activities. A sustained increase or decrease
in the price of natural gas or oil could have a material impact on exploration, development and
production activities by our customers and could also materially affect our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. See Part I, Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Fluctuations in oil and
natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our revenues, cash flows and
profitability.

     Our industry remains competitive. Historically, the number of rigs has exceeded demand in many
of our markets. From 2005 through most of 2008, as a result of improved demand for drilling
services driven by a sustained increase in the level of commodity prices, supply of and demand for
land drilling services have been in balance in the United States and international markets, with
demand actually exceeding supply in some of our markets. This economic reality resulted in an
increase in rates being charged for rigs across our North American, Offshore and International
markets. Furthermore, the dramatic increase in rates along with our domestic customers’ willingness
to enter into firm three-year commitments has resulted in our building of new rigs in significant
quantities for the first time in over 20 years. Internationally, we compete directly with various
contractors in areas where we operate. We believe that our international markets will continue to
be competitive for the foreseeable future. However, as many existing rigs can be readily moved
from one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity and many of the total
available contracts are currently awarded on a bid basis, competition based on price for both
existing and new rigs still exists across all of our markets.

     In all of our geographic market areas, we believe price and availability and condition of
equipment are the most significant factors in determining which drilling contractor is awarded a
job. Other factors include the availability of trained personnel possessing the required
specialized skills; the overall quality of service and safety record; and domestically, the ability
to offer ancillary services. Increasingly, the ability to deliver rigs within certain timeframes is
becoming a competitive factor. In international markets, experience in operating in certain
environments and customer alliances, also have been factors in the selection of Nabors.

     Certain competitors are present in more than one of Nabors’ operating regions, although no one
competitor operates in all of these areas. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, we compete with Helmerich
and Payne, Inc. and Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. and there are several hundred other competitors
with national, regional or local rig operations. In domestic land workover and well-servicing, we
compete with Basic Energy Services, Inc., Key Energy Services, Inc., Complete Energy Services and
with numerous other competitors having smaller regional or local rig operations. In Canada and
Offshore, Nabors competes with many firms of varying size, several of which have more significant
operations in those areas than Nabors. Internationally, Nabors competes directly with various
contractors at each location where it operates. Nabors believes that the market for land drilling,
workover and well-servicing contracts will continue to be competitive for the foreseeable future.

     Our other operating segments represent a relatively smaller part of our business, and we have
numerous competitors in each area. Our Canrig subsidiary is one of the four major manufacturers of
top drives. Its largest competitors in that market are National Oilwell Varco, Tesco and MH
Pyramid. Its largest competitors in the manufacture of rig instrumentation systems are Pason and
National Oilwell Varco’s Totco subsidiary. Mudlogging services are provided by a number of entities
that serve the oil and gas industry on a regional basis. In the U.S. Lower 48 states, there are
hundreds of rig transportation companies, and there are at least three or four that compete with
Peak USA in each of its operating regions. In Alaska, Peak Oilfield Service principally competes
with Alaska Petroleum Contractors for road, pad and pipeline maintenance, and is one of many drill
site and road construction companies, the largest of which is VECO Corporation, and Alaska
Interstate Construction principally competes with Wilder Construction Company and Pah River
Construction for the construction of roads, bridges, dams, drill sites and other facility sites.

Our Business Strategy

     Since 1987, with the installation of our current management team, Nabors has adhered to a
consistent strategy aimed at positioning our Company to grow and prosper in good times and to
mitigate adverse effects during periods of poor market conditions. We have maintained a financial
posture that allows us to capitalize on market weakness and strength by adding to our business
base, thereby enhancing our upside potential. The principal elements of our strategy have been to:

•

Maintain flexibility to respond to changing conditions.

•

Maintain a conservative and flexible balance sheet.

•

Build cost effectively a base of premium assets.

•

Build and maintain low operating costs through economies of scale.

•

Develop and maintain long-term, mutually attractive relationships with key customers and
vendors.

•

Build a diverse business in long-term, sustainable and worthwhile geographic markets.

7

Table of Contents

•

Recognize and seize opportunities as they arise.

•

Continually improve safety, quality and efficiency.

•

Implement leading-edge technology where cost effective to do so.

•

Build shareholder value by an expansion of our oil and gas reserves and production.

     Our business strategy is designed to allow us to grow and remain profitable in any market
environment. The major developments in our business in the past three years illustrate our
implementation of this strategy and its continuing success. Specifically during 2006, 2007 and the
first half of 2008, we took advantage of the robust rig market in the United States and
internationally to obtain a high volume of contracts for newly constructed rigs. A large proportion
of these rigs are subject to long-term contracts with creditworthy customers with the most
significant impact occurring in our International operations. This will not only expand our
operations with the latest state-of-the-art rigs, which should better weather downturns in market
activity, but eventually replace the oldest least capable rigs in our existing fleet. However,
this positive trend slowed in the fourth quarter of 2008, due to the continued steady decline in
natural gas and oil prices. As a result of lower commodity prices, many of our customers’ drilling
programs have been reduced and the demand for additional rigs has been substantially reduced.

Acquisitions and Divestitures

     We have grown from a land drilling business centered in the U.S. Lower 48 states, Canada and
Alaska to an international business with operations on land and offshore in many of the major oil,
gas and geothermal markets in the world. At the beginning of 1990, our fleet consisted of 44
actively marketed land drilling rigs in Canada, Alaska and in various international markets. Today,
our worldwide fleet of actively marketed rigs consists of approximately 528 land drilling rigs,
approximately 592 domestic and 171 international land workover and well-servicing rigs, 37 offshore
platform rigs, 13 jack-up units, 3 barge rigs and a large component of trucks and fluid hauling
vehicles. This growth was fueled in part by strategic acquisitions. Although Nabors continues to
examine opportunities, there can be no assurance that attractive rigs or other acquisition
opportunities will continue to be available, that the pricing will be economical or that we will be
successful in making such acquisitions in the future.

     On January 3, 2006, we completed an acquisition of 1183011 Alberta Ltd., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Airborne Energy Solutions Ltd., through the purchase of all common shares outstanding
for cash for a total purchase price of Cdn. $41.7 million (U.S. $35.8 million). In addition, we
assumed debt, net of working capital, totaling approximately Cdn. $10.0 million (U.S. $8.6
million). Nabors Blue Sky Ltd. (formerly 1183011 Alberta Ltd.) owns 42 helicopters and fixed-wing
aircraft and owns and operates a fleet of heliportable well-service equipment. The purchase price
has been allocated based on final valuations of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of the acquisition date and resulted in goodwill of approximately U.S. $18.8 million.
During the fourth quarter of 2008, the results of our year end impairment test of goodwill and
intangible assets indicated a permanent impairment to goodwill and to an intangible asset of Nabors
Blue Sky Ltd. As such, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge and writedown of intangible assets
of $4.6 million and $4.6 million, respectively. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies in Part II, Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

     On May 31, 2006, we completed an acquisition of Pragma Drilling Equipment Ltd.’s business,
which manufactures catwalks, iron roughnecks and other related oilfield equipment, through an asset
purchase consisting primarily of intellectual property for a total purchase price of Cdn. $46.1
million (U.S. $41.5 million). The purchase price has been allocated based on final valuations of
the fair market value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date and
resulted in goodwill of approximately U.S. $10.5 million.

     On August 8, 2007, we sold our Sea Mar business which had previously been included in Other
Operating Segments. The assets included 20 offshore supply vessels and certain related assets,
including a right under a vessel construction contract. The operating results of this business for
all periods presented are accounted for as a discontinued operation in the accompanying audited
consolidated statements of income.

     From time to time, we may sell a subsidiary or group of assets outside of our core markets or
business, if it is economically advantageous for us to do so.

Environmental Compliance

     Nabors does not presently anticipate that compliance with currently applicable environmental
regulations and controls will significantly change its competitive position, capital spending or
earnings during 2009. Nabors believes it is in material compliance with applicable environmental
rules and regulations, and the cost of such compliance is not material to the business or financial

8

Table of Contents

condition of Nabors. For a more detailed description of the environmental laws and regulations
applicable to Nabors’ operations, see Part I, Item 1A. — Risk Factors — Changes to or noncompliance
with governmental regulation or exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect
Nabors’ results of operations.



     In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following
factors should be carefully considered when evaluating Nabors. The risks described below are not
the only ones facing Nabors. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business operations.

     Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely
affected by any of these risks.

Uncertain or negative global economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations

     During recent months, there has been substantial volatility and a decline in oil and natural
gas prices due, at least in part, to the deteriorating global economic environment. In addition,
there has been substantial uncertainty in the capital markets and access to financing is uncertain.
These conditions could have an adverse effect on our industry and our business, including our
future operating results and the ability to recover our assets, including goodwill, at their stated
values. Many of our customers have curtailed their drilling programs, which, in many cases, has
resulted in a decrease in demand for drilling rigs and a reduction in dayrates and utilization.
Additionally, some customers have terminated drilling contracts prior to the expiration of their
terms. A prolonged period of lower oil and natural gas prices could result in a continued decline
in demand and/or dayrates. In addition, certain of our customers could experience an inability to
pay suppliers, including our Company, in the event they are unable to access the capital markets to
fund their business operations. Likewise, our suppliers may be unable to sustain their current
level of operations, fulfill their commitments and/or fund future operations and obligations. Each
of these could adversely affect our operations.

Fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices could adversely affect drilling activity and our
revenues, cash flows and profitability

     Our operations are materially dependent upon the level of activity in oil and gas exploration
and production. Both short-term and long-term trends in oil and natural gas prices affect the level
of such activity. Oil and natural gas prices and, therefore, the level of drilling, exploration and
production activity can be volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including
initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, may affect both the demand for,
and the supply of, oil and natural gas. Weather conditions, governmental regulation (both in the
United States and elsewhere), levels of consumer demand, the availability of pipeline capacity, and
other factors beyond our control may also affect the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas.
The recent volatility and the effects of the recent significant decline in natural gas and oil
prices is likely to continue in the near future, especially given the general contraction in the
world’s economy that began during 2008. We believe that any prolonged suppression of oil and
natural gas prices would continue to depress the level of exploration and production activity. This
would likely result in a corresponding decline in the demand for our services and could have an
adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability. Lower oil and natural gas prices
could also cause our customers to seek to terminate, renegotiate or fail to honor our drilling
contracts; affect the fair market value of our rig fleet which in turn could trigger a write-down
for accounting purposes; affect our ability to retain skilled rig personnel; and affect our ability
to obtain access to capital to finance and grow our business. There can be no assurances as to the
future level of demand for our services or future conditions in the oil and natural gas and
oilfield services industries.

We operate in a highly competitive industry with excess drilling capacity, which may adversely
affect our results of operations

     The oilfield services industry in which we operate is very competitive. Contract drilling
companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and competition may vary significantly from region
to region at any particular time. Many drilling, workover and well-servicing rigs can be moved from
one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity and market conditions, which may
result in an oversupply of rigs in an area. In many markets in which we operate, the number of rigs
available for use exceeds the demand for rigs, resulting in price competition. Most drilling and
workover contracts are awarded on the basis of competitive bids, which also results in price
competition. The land drilling market generally is more competitive than the offshore drilling
market because there are larger numbers of rigs and competitors.

The nature of our operations presents inherent risks of loss that, if not insured or indemnified
against, could adversely affect our results of operations

     Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling, workover and
well-servicing industries, including blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, loss of well control,
loss of hole, damaged or lost drilling equipment and damage or loss from inclement weather or
natural disasters. Any of these hazards could result in personal injury or death, damage to or
destruction of equipment and facilities, suspension of operations, environmental damage and damage
to the property of others. Our offshore operations are also

9

Table of Contents

subject to the hazards of marine operations including capsizing, grounding, collision, damage
from hurricanes and heavy weather or sea conditions and unsound ocean bottom conditions. In
addition, our international operations are subject to risks of war, civil disturbances or other
political events. Generally, drilling contracts provide for the division of responsibilities
between a drilling company and its customer, and we seek to obtain indemnification from our
customers by contract for certain of these risks. To the extent that we are unable to transfer such
risks to customers by contract or indemnification agreements, we seek protection through insurance.
However, there is no assurance that such insurance or indemnification agreements will adequately
protect us against liability from all of the consequences of the hazards described above. The
occurrence of an event not fully insured or indemnified against, or the failure or inability of a
customer or insurer to meet its indemnification or insurance obligations, could result in
substantial losses. In addition, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available to
cover any or all of these risks, or, even if available, that it will be adequate or that insurance
premiums or other costs will not rise significantly in the future, so as to make such insurance
prohibitive. It is possible that we will face continued upward pressure in our upcoming insurance
renewals, our premiums and deductibles will be higher, and certain insurance coverage either will
be unavailable or more expensive than it has been in the past. Moreover, our insurance coverage
generally provides that we assume a portion of the risk in the form of a deductible. We may choose
to increase the levels of deductibles (and thus assume a greater degree of risk) from time to time
in order to minimize the overall cost to the Company.

Future price declines may result in a write-down of our asset carrying values

     We follow the successful efforts method of accounting for our consolidated subsidiaries’ oil
and gas activities. Under the successful efforts method, lease acquisition costs and all
development costs are capitalized. Our provision for depletion is based on these capitalized costs
and is determined on a property-by-property basis using the units-of-production method, with costs
being amortized over proved developed reserves. Proved oil and gas properties are reviewed when
circumstances suggest the need for such a review and, if required, the proved properties are
written down to their estimated fair value. Unproved properties are reviewed periodically to
determine if there has been impairment of the carrying value, with any such impairment charged to
expense in that period. The estimated fair value of our proved reserves generally declines when
there is a significant and sustained decline in oil and natural gas prices. Because of the low
natural gas prices at December 31, 2008, we performed an impairment test on our oil and gas