Investments in National City common stock involve risk.

 The market price of National City common stock may fluctuate
 significantly in response to a number of factors, including:

 Weakness in
 the real estate market, including the secondary residential
 mortgage loan markets has adversely affected National City and
 may continue to do so.

 Significant ongoing disruptions in the secondary market for
 residential mortgage loans have limited the market for and
 liquidity of most mortgage loans other than conforming Fannie
 Mae and Freddie Mac loans. At December 31, 2007, National
 City held approximately $1.0 billion of loans available for
 sale that were not eligible for purchase by these agencies. The
 effects of ongoing mortgage market challenges, combined with the
 ongoing correction in residential real estate market prices and
 reduced levels of home sales, could result in further price
 reductions in single family home values, adversely affecting the
 value of collateral securing mortgage loans held, mortgage loan
 originations and gains on sale of mortgage loans. Declining real
 estate prices and higher interest rates have caused higher
 delinquencies and losses on certain mortgage loans, particularly
 second lien mortgages and home equity lines of credit and
 especially those that have been sourced from brokers that are
 outside National City’s banking footprint. These trends
 could continue. These conditions have resulted in losses, write
 downs and impairment charges in the mortgage business,
 especially in the fourth quarter of 2007, and we have curtailed
 various product offerings and limited our mortgage originations
 generally to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac eligible mortgages.
 Continued declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and
 financial stress on borrowers as a result of job losses,
 interest rate resets on adjustable rate mortgage loans or other
 factors could have further adverse effects on borrowers that
 result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future
 periods, which would adversely affect financial condition or
 results of operations. In the event the allowance for loan
 losses is insufficient to cover such losses, earnings, capital
 and parent company liquidity could be adversely affected.

 National
 City’s real estate portfolios are exposed to weakness in
 the U.S. housing markets and the overall state of the
 economy.

 The declines in home prices in many markets across the U.S.,
 along with the reduced availability of mortgage credit, have
 resulted in sharp increases in delinquencies and losses in
 National City’s portfolios of broker-originated,
 out-of-footprint home equity lines and loans, nonprime
 mortgages, and loans related to residential real estate
 construction and development. Further declines in home prices
 coupled with an economic recession and associated rises in
 unemployment levels could drive losses beyond that which is
 provided for in the allowance for loan losses. In that event,
 National City’s earnings and capital could be adversely
 affected.

 The
 residential mortgage loan market and business have adversely
 affected National City’s credit ratings.

 On November 6, 2007, Fitch Ratings reduced National
 City’s long-term issuer default rating to A+ (outlook
 negative) from AA-, and the short-term issuer default rating to
 F-1 from F-1+, due to exposure to mortgage, home equity and
 construction lending. On January 8, 2008, Moody’s
 Investors Service, Inc., while affirming National City
 Bank’s top short-term rating of
 P-1, placed
 virtually all of the long-term debt and financial strength
 ratings of National City Corporation and its subsidiaries on
 review for possible downgrade pending the rating agency’s
 assessment as to the ability to absorb potential losses in the
 residential and commercial mortgage sectors. The decrease, and
 potential decreases, in credit ratings could limit access to the
 capital markets, increase the cost of debt and adversely affect
 liquidity and financial condition. Further downgrades of credit
 ratings could adversely affect the market value of the

 5

 Depositary Shares and debt securities. Also, on
 November 12, 2007, Fitch Ratings reduced National
 City’s residential mortgage servicer rating one notch from
 RPS1- to RPS2+ with respect to prime and
 alt-a
 mortgages. This decrease in servicer rating is not expected to
 adversely affect the terms of future residential mortgage
 securitizations or National City’s continuing role as a
 mortgage servicer in existing transactions, but further
 decreases in the servicer rating could cause such an adverse
 effect on future securitizations and the loss of mortgage
 servicing rights.

 The allowance
 for loan losses may prove inadequate or be negatively affected
 by credit risk exposures.

 National City’s business depends on the creditworthiness of
 its customers. The Corporation periodically reviews the
 allowance for loan losses for adequacy considering economic
 conditions and trends, collateral values and credit quality
 indicators, including past charge-off experience and levels of
 past due loans and nonperforming assets. There is no certainty
 that the allowance for loan losses will be adequate over time to
 cover credit losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated
 adverse changes in the economy, market conditions or events
 adversely affecting specific customers, industries or markets.
 If the credit quality of the customer base materially decreases,
 if the risk profile of a market, industry or group of customers
 changes materially, or if the allowance for loan losses is not
 adequate, the business, financial condition, liquidity, capital,
 and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

 If Visa Inc.
 is unable to consummate its initial public offering on the terms
 currently contemplated, National City will not receive expected
 proceeds from such offering.

 Visa Inc. (“Visa”) filed a registration
 statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 November 9, 2007 to sell its common stock in an initial
 public offering. If Visa’s offering is successfully
 completed, management currently anticipate that National City,
 as a selling stockholder, will receive proceeds from the
 offering. However, there is no assurance that Visa will be able
 to complete an initial public offering on the terms currently
 contemplated by its registration statement or at all. If the
 number of shares or the price per share of Visa’s offering
 are less than Visa currently anticipates selling or if the Visa
 offering is not completed, National City may not realize
 proceeds sufficient to cover the indemnity liabilities accrued
 in 2007 in respect of Visa litigation matters.

 National City
 could experience difficulties in managing growth and effectively
 integrating acquisitions.

 National City regularly reviews potential acquisition
 opportunities. The Corporation acquired Harbor Florida
 Bancshares, Inc. and Fidelity Bankshares, Inc. in December 2006
 and January 2007, respectively, and acquired MAF Bancorp in
 Clarendon Hills, Illinois in September 2007. There is no
 certainty that National City will be able to manage growth
 adequately and profitably or to integrate the operations of
 Harbor, Fidelity, MAF Bancorp or any other acquisition
 effectively. Risks commonly associated with acquisitions
 include, without limitation, potential exposure to liabilities
 of the acquired entity, the difficulty and expense of
 integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired entity,
 potential disruption to the business of the acquired entity,
 potential diversion of management time and attention from other
 matters and impairment of relationships with, and the possible
 loss of, key employees and customers of the acquired entity.

 If National
 City does not adjust to rapid changes in the financial services
 industry, financial performance may suffer.

 National City’s ability to compete and its profitability
 depend in part on the ability to provide a range of financial
 services through a variety of distribution channels to
 customers. Many competitors, with whom National City competes
 with to attract and retain customers for traditional banking
 services, offer one-stop financial services shopping, which
 includes securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers,
 investment advisors and finance and insurance companies. The
 increasingly competitive environment primarily is a result of
 changes in regulation, changes in technology and product
 delivery systems and the accelerating pace of consolidation
 among financial service providers.

 Future
 governmental regulation and legislation could limit future
 growth.

 National City and subsidiaries are subject to extensive state
 and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern
 almost all aspects of operations of both the holding Company and
 subsidiaries. These laws may change from time to time and are,
 together with banking regulation and supervision, primarily
 intended for the protection of

 6

 consumers, depositors and the deposit insurance funds. The
 effects of any changes to these laws may negatively affect the
 cost and manner of providing services and related profitability.

 Changes in
 interest rates could reduce income and cash flows.

 National City’s income and cash flows depend to a great
 extent on the difference between the interest rates earned on
 interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities,
 and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such
 as deposits and other borrowings. These rates are highly
 sensitive to many factors outside of National City’s
 control, including general economic conditions and the fiscal
 and monetary policies of various governmental agencies, in
 particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy and
 changes in interest rates will affect loan origination values,
 the values of investments and other assets, the volume of
 deposits and other borrowings and the rates received on loans
 and investment securities and the rates paid on deposits and
 other borrowings and the resulting margin. Fluctuations in these
 areas may have an adverse effect.

 National
 City’s results of operations and ability to make
 distributions to securities holders depend upon the results of
 operations of subsidiaries.

 National City Corporation is a holding company that is a
 separate and distinct entity from its subsidiaries. With limited
 exceptions, substantially all operations are conducted through
 National City Bank, the Corporation’s principal subsidiary
 bank, and other subsidiaries. Federal banking laws limit the
 amount of dividends that may be paid by national banks to the
 earnings of the current year and the last two years without
 prior regulatory approval. National City Bank and other
 subsidiaries must also meet applicable capital requirements. At
 December 31, 2007, National City Bank could pay the holding
 company an aggregate of approximately $106 million in
 dividends without prior regulatory approval, compared to
 $954 million at December 31, 2006 and
 $1.9 billion at December 31, 2005.

 Additional
 risks and uncertainties could have a negative effect on
 financial performance.

 Additional factors could negatively affect the financial
 condition and results of operations, securities issued by
 National City and its common stock. Such factors include,
 without limitation, changes in general economic, financial and
 other market conditions, changes in securities analysts’
 estimates of financial performance, volatility of securities
 market prices and volumes, rumors or erroneous information,
 changes in market valuations of similar companies, changes in
 interest rates, new developments or exceptions regarding the
 financial services banking industry, changes in quarterly or
 annual operating results or outlook, changes in competitive
 conditions, continuing consolidation in the financial services
 industry, new litigation or changes in existing litigation,
 regulatory actions and changes in rules or policies, changes in
 accounting policies and procedures, losses and customer
 bankruptcies, claims and assessments.