Investments in National City common stock involve risk.

 The market price of National City common stock may fluctuate
 significantly in response to a number of factors, including:

 • 

 changes in securities analysts’ estimates of financial
 performance

 • 

 volatility of stock market prices and volumes

 • 

 rumors or erroneous information

 • 

 changes in market valuations of similar companies

 • 

 changes in interest rates

 • 

 new developments in the banking industry

 • 

 changes in quarterly or annual operating results or outlook

 • 

 new litigation or changes in existing litigation

 • 

 regulatory actions

 • 

 changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other regulatory
 agencies

 If National City does not adjust to changes in the market or
 financial services industry, its financial performance may
 suffer.

 National City’s ability to maintain its history of strong
 financial performance and return on investment to shareholders
 depends in part on its ability to expand its scope of available
 financial services to its customers. In addition to other banks,
 competitors include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage
 bankers, investment advisors, and finance and insurance
 companies. The increasingly competitive environment is, in part,
 a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology and
 product delivery systems, and the accelerating pace of
 consolidation among financial service providers.

 Future governmental regulation and legislation could
 limit growth.

 National City and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive
 state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that
 govern nearly every aspect of its operations. Changes to these
 laws could affect National City’s ability to deliver or
 expand its services and diminish the value of its business.

 Changes in interest rates could reduce income and cash flow.

 National City’s income and cash flow depends to a great
 extent on the difference between the interest earned on loans
 and investment securities, and the interest paid on deposits and
 other borrowings. Interest rates are beyond National City’s
 control, and they fluctuate in response to general economic
 conditions and the policies of various governmental and
 regulatory agencies, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board.
 Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates,
 will influence the origination of loans, the value of
 investments, the generation of deposits and the rates received
 on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits.

 Additional factors could have a negative effect on the financial
 performance of National City and National City common stock.
 Some of these factors are general economic and financial market
 conditions, competition, continuing consolidation in the
 financial services industry, new litigation or changes in
 existing litigation, regulatory actions, and losses.