This report and other documents that we file with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as well as other oral or written statements we may make from time to time, contain information based on management’s beliefs and include forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and there are a number of factors
including, but not limited to, those listed below, that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Economic Pressures 
Our business is affected
by the global economies in which we operate. The current economic climate, which includes decreased and more closely scrutinized capital spending by many industries, could impact our ability to meet our commitments to customers, the ability of
our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, or the ability of our customers to fulfill their obligations to us on a timely basis. The extent of this impact, if any, is dependent on a
number of factors, including the duration of the current economic climate, its effect on the markets and other general economic and business conditions. 

Competition 
Our ability to compete effectively within the technology industry is critical to our future success.
 We operate in the intensely competitive information technology industry. This industry is characterized by
rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions, price and cost reductions, and increasingly greater commoditization of products, making differentiation difficult. Our competitors include other large
companies in the technology industry, such as: IBM, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Oracle Corporation, Diebold, Inc., Wincor, Getronics NV, Fujitsu, and Unisys Corporation, some of which have widespread distribution and penetration of their
platforms and service offerings. In addition, we compete with companies in specific markets, such as entry-level ATMs, payment and imaging, and business consumables and media products. 

Our future competitive performance and market position depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: react to competitive product and pricing pressures (particularly in the ATM marketplace); penetrate and
meet the 

6 

Table of Contents

changing competitive requirements and deliverables in developing and emerging markets, such as India and China in the ATM business; rapidly and continually
design, develop and market, or otherwise maintain and introduce solutions and related products and services for our customers that are competitive in the marketplace; react on a timely basis to shifts in market demands; compete in reverse auctions
for new and continuing business; take advantage of data warehousing market demands; reduce costs without creating operating inefficiencies; maintain competitive operating margins; improve product and service delivery quality; and effectively market
and sell all of our diverse solutions. Our business and operating performance could be impacted by external competitive pressures, such as increasing price erosion and the addition of new competitors. 

Our customers sometimes finance our product sales through third-party financing companies. In case of customer default, these financing companies may be forced to resell
this equipment at discounted prices, thus impacting our ability to sell incremental units. The impact of these product and pricing pressures could include lower customer satisfaction, decreased demand for our solutions, loss of market share and
reduction of operating profits. 

Operating Results Fluctuations 
Our revenue and operating results could fluctuate for a number of reasons,
including: 

Seasonality Our sales are historically seasonal, with lower revenue in the first quarter and higher revenue in the fourth
quarter of each year. Such seasonality also causes our working capital cash flow requirements to vary from quarter to quarter depending on the variability in the volume, timing and mix of product sales. In addition, revenue in the third month of
each quarter is typically higher than in the first and second months. These factors, among other things, make forecasting more difficult and may adversely affect our ability to predict financial results accurately. 

Foreign Currency Our revenue and operating income are subject to variability due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. Dollar. We have
exposure to approximately 50 functional currencies, in which our primary exposures are from fluctuations in the Euro, British Pound and Japanese Yen. Due to our global operations, weaknesses in some of these currencies are sometimes offset by
strengths in others. Although the foreign currency environment is difficult to predict, the effects of currency fluctuations are partially mitigated by our hedging strategy. 

Cost/Expense Reductions We are actively working to reduce our costs and expenses to improve operating profitability without jeopardizing the quality of our products or the effectiveness of our operations. Our
success in achieving targeted cost and expense reductions depends on a number of factors, including our ability to achieve infrastructure rationalizations, drive lower component costs, improve supply chain efficiencies, and among other things
optimize the efficiency of our customer services resources. If we do not successfully complete our cost reduction initiatives, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Contractual Obligations of Consulting Services We maintain a professional services consulting workforce to fulfill contracts that we enter into with our customers
that may extend to multiple periods. Our profitability is largely a function of performing to customer contractual arrangements within the estimated costs to perform these obligations. If we exceed these estimated costs, our profitability related to
these contracts may be negatively impacted. In addition, if we are unable to maintain appropriate utilization rates for our consultants, we may not be able to sustain profitability on these contracts. 

Acquisitions and Divestitures As part of our strategy, we intend to selectively acquire and divest technologies, products and businesses. As these acquisitions
and divestitures take place and we begin to include, or exclude as the case may be, the financial results related to these transactions, it could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

7 

Table of Contents

Execution of the Strategic Separation Our focus on ensuring a successful spin-off of the Teradata Data Warehousing
business could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Pension Funds Consistent with local competitive practice and
regulations, we sponsor pension plans in many of the countries where we do business. A number of these pension plans are supported by pension fund investments that are subject to financial market risk. The liabilities, assets and costs of these
plans are reported in our financial statements in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87 (SFAS 87), 
Employer’s Accounting for Pensions, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 132 (revised
2003), 
Employers’ Disclosures about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits, and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 158 (SFAS 158), 
Employer’s Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
Plans. In conforming to the requirements of SFAS 87 and SFAS 158, we are required to make a number of actuarial assumptions for each plan, including expected long-term return on plan assets and discount rate. Our future financial results could
be materially impacted by volatility in financial market performance, changes in regulations regarding funding requirements, and changes in the actuarial assumptions, including those described in our “Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates.” Consistent with the requirements of paragraphs 44-45 of SFAS 87, we estimate our discount rate and long-term expected rate of return on asset assumptions on a country-by-country basis after consultation with independent actuarial
consultants. We examine interest rate levels and trends within each country, particularly yields on high-quality long-term corporate bonds, relative to our expected future benefit payments to determine our discount rate assumptions. Our long-term
expected rate of return on asset assumptions are developed by considering the asset allocation and implementation strategies employed by each pension fund relative to capital market expectations. Many countries around the world are in the process of
updating their laws and regulations regarding pension funding, including the United States. These initiatives could require the Company to make significantly larger contributions to its pension plans in future years and increase the volatility of
these contribution requirements. 

Stock-based Accounting Similar to other companies, we use stock awards as a form of compensation for certain
employees. The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R (SFAS 123R), 
Share-Based Payment, beginning January 1, 2006. SFAS 123R requires all stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee
stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. The amount recognized for stock compensation expense could vary depending on a number of assumptions or changes. For example, assumptions such as the risk-free
rate, expected holding period and expected volatility that drive our valuation model could change. Other examples that could have an impact include changes in the mix and type of awards, changes in our compensation plans or tax rate, changes in our
forfeiture rate, differences in actual results compared to management’s estimates for performance-based awards or an unusually high amount of expirations of stock options. 

Income Taxes We account for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (SFAS 109), 
Accounting for Income Taxes, which recognizes deferred tax assets and
liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance if it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, if there is a material change in the actual effective tax rates or the time period within which the
underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, or if the tax laws change unfavorably, then we could be required to increase our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, resulting in an increase in our effective tax rate.

Real Estate Our strategy over the past several years with respect to owned and leased real estate has been to reduce our holdings of excess real
estate. In line with this strategy, we anticipate the exit of facilities, which may affect net income. Adverse real estate markets could impede our ability to reduce the size of our real estate portfolio. 

8 

Table of Contents

Multinational Operations 
Generating substantial revenues from our multinational operations helps to balance our
risks and meet our strategic goals. In 2006, the percentage of revenues from outside of the United States was 58%. We believe that our geographic diversity may help to mitigate some risks associated with geographic concentrations of operations
(e.g., adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates and deteriorating economic environments or business disruptions due to economic or political uncertainties). However, our ability to sell our solutions domestically in the United States and
internationally is subject to the following risks, among others: general economic and political conditions in each country that could adversely affect demand for our solutions in these markets; currency exchange rate fluctuations that could result
in lower demand for our products as well as generate currency translation losses; changes to and compliance with a variety of local laws and regulations that may increase our cost of doing business in these markets or otherwise prevent us from
effectively competing in these markets; changing competitive requirements and deliverables in developing and emerging markets; and the impact of civil unrest relating to war and terrorist activity on the economy or markets in general, or on our
ability, or that of our suppliers, to meet commitments. 

Introduction of New Solutions 
The solutions we sell are very complex, and we need to
rapidly and successfully develop and introduce new solutions in a competitive, rapidly changing environment. The development process for our solutions, including our software application development programs and the migration of our Teradata
Data Warehousing solution to the latest software and hardware platforms, requires high levels of innovation from both our software developers and our suppliers of the components embedded in our solutions. In addition, the development process can be
lengthy and costly, and requires us to commit a significant amount of resources to bring our business solutions to market. 

If we are unable to anticipate
our customers’ needs and technological trends accurately, or are otherwise unable to complete development efficiently, we would be unable to introduce new solutions into the market on a timely basis, if at all, and our business and operating
results could be impacted. Likewise, we sometimes make assurances to customers regarding new technologies, and our results could be impacted if we are unable to deliver such technologies as planned. Also, if we cannot successfully market and sell
both existing and newly developed solutions, our business and operating results could be impacted. 

Our hardware and software-based solutions may contain
known, as well as undetected errors, which may be found after the products’ introduction and shipment. While we attempt to remedy errors that we believe would be considered critical by our customers prior to shipment, we may not be able to
detect or remedy all such errors, and this could result in lost revenues, delays in customer acceptance and incremental costs, each of which would impact our business and operating results. 

Reliance on Third Parties 
Third-party suppliers provide important elements to our solutions. In most cases, there are a number of vendors providing the
services and producing the parts and components that we utilize. However, there are some components that are purchased from single sources due to price, quality, technology or other reasons. For example, we depend on transaction processing services
from Accenture, computer chips and microprocessors from Intel Corporation, contract manufacturing from Solectron and operating systems from Microsoft Corporation. Certain parts and components used in the manufacturing of our ATMs and the delivery of
many of our Retail Store Automation solutions are also supplied by single sources. In addition, there are a number of key suppliers for our businesses who provide us with critical products for our solutions. If we were unable to purchase the
necessary services, including contract manufacturing, parts, components or products from a particular vendor and we had to find an alternative supplier, our new and existing product shipments and solution deliveries could be delayed, impacting our
business and operating results. 

We have, from time to time, formed alliances with third parties that have complementary products, software, services and
skills. Many different relationships are formed by these alliances, such as outsourcing arrangements to manufacture hardware and subcontract agreements with third parties to perform services and provide products and software to our customers in
connection with our solutions. For example, we rely on third parties for cash replenishment services for our ATM products. Also, some of these third parties have access to confidential NCR 

9 

Table of Contents

and customer data, the integrity and security of which we need to ensure. These alliances introduce risks that we cannot control, such as nonperformance by
third parties and difficulties with or delays in integrating elements provided by third parties into our solutions. 

Lack of information technology
infrastructure, shortages in business capitalization, manual processes and data integrity issues of smaller suppliers can also create product time delays, inventory and invoicing problems, and staging delays, as well as other operating issues. The
failure of third parties to provide high-quality products or services that conform to required specifications or contractual arrangements could impair the delivery of our solutions on a timely basis, create exposure for non-compliance with our
contractual commitments to our customers and impact our business and operating results. 

Intellectual Property 
As a technology company, our
intellectual property portfolio is key to our continuing ability to be a leading technology and services solutions provider. To that end, it is critical that we continue to develop leading technologies to protect and enhance our proprietary
rights in our intellectual property through patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws. These efforts include protection of the products and application, diagnostic and other software we develop. To the extent we are not successful, our
business could be adversely impacted. Also, many of our offerings rely on technologies developed by others, and if we are unable to continue to obtain licenses for such technologies, our business would be impacted. 

Over the last several years there has been an increase in the issuance of software and business method patents, and more companies are aggressively enforcing their
intellectual property rights. This trend could impact NCR because, from time to time, we receive notices from third parties regarding patent and other intellectual property claims. Whether such claims are with or without merit, they may require
significant resources to defend. If an infringement claim is successful, or in the event we are unable to license the infringed technology or to substitute similar non-infringing technology, our business could be adversely affected. 

Work Environment 

Restructuring and Re-engineering As part of
our ongoing efforts to optimize our cost structure, from time to time, we shift and realign our employee resources, which could temporarily result in reduced productivity levels. In addition to reducing costs and expenses, our plan includes
initiatives to grow revenue, such as improving sales training, addressing sales territory requirements, maintaining and monitoring customer satisfaction with our solutions, and focusing on our strong value propositions. We currently have many
initiatives underway. If we are not successful in managing these initiatives and minimizing any resulting loss in productivity, our business and operating results could be impacted. 

Employees Our employees are vital to our success. Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, sales, consulting and other key personnel is critical, as these key employees are difficult to
replace. If we are unable to attract or retain highly qualified employees by offering competitive compensation, secure work environments and leadership opportunities now and in the future, our business and operating results could be impacted.
Furthermore, our current re-engineering efforts may adversely impact our workforce productivity. 

Internal Controls / Accounting Policies and
Practices Our internal controls, accounting policies and practices, and internal information systems enable us to capture and process transactions in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, laws and regulations, taxation requirements and federal securities laws and regulations. Our internal controls and policies are being closely monitored by management as we implement a worldwide Enterprise Resource Planning
(ERP) system and complete the transition of our transaction support functions to Accenture. While we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to ensure data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees
or contractors (both domestic and international), temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in transition planning and oversight, or resource constraints could lead to improprieties and undetected errors that could impact our financial
condition or results of operations. Moreover, while management has concluded that 

10 

Table of Contents

the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2006 (as set forth in “Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting” included in Item 9A of this Report), due to their inherent limitations, such controls may not prevent or detect misstatements in our reported financial statements. Such limitations include, among
other things, the potential for human error or circumvention of controls. Further, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of a failure to remediate control
deficiencies, changes in conditions or a deterioration of the degree of compliance with established policies and procedures. 

Information Systems It
is periodically necessary to replace, upgrade or modify our internal information systems. If we are unable to replace, upgrade or modify such systems in a timely and cost-effective manner, especially in light of demands on our information technology
resources, our ability to capture and process financial transactions and therefore our financial condition or results of operations may be impacted. 

Acquisitions and Alliances 
Our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions or effectively manage alliance activities will help drive future growth.
 As part of our overall solutions strategy, we intend to make
investments in companies, products, services and technologies, either through acquisitions, equity investments, joint ventures or strategic alliances. Acquisitions and alliance activities inherently involve risks. The risks we may encounter include
those associated with assimilating and integrating different business operations, corporate cultures, personnel, infrastructures and technologies or products acquired or licensed, and the potential for unknown liabilities within the acquired or
combined business. The investment or alliance may also disrupt our ongoing business, or we may not be able to successfully incorporate acquired products, services or technologies into our solutions and maintain quality. Further, we may not achieve
the projected synergies once we have integrated the business into our operations. This may lead to additional costs not anticipated at the time of acquisition. 

Environmental 
Our historical and ongoing manufacturing activities subject us to environmental exposures. Our facilities and operations are subject to a wide range of environmental protection laws, and we have investigatory and
remedial activities underway at a number of facilities that we currently own or operate, or formerly owned or operated, to comply, or to determine compliance, with such laws. As a result of the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS)
and Directive 2002/96/EC on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “WEEE Directive”), our product distribution, logistics and waste management costs may increase and may adversely impact our financial condition. Given the
uncertainties inherent in such activities, there can be no assurances that the costs required to comply with applicable environmental laws will not impact future operating results. 

We have also been identified as a potentially responsible party in connection with certain environmental matters, including the Fox River matter, as further described in “Environmental Matters” under Note 11
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, “Commitments and Contingencies,” and in the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of the MD&A section of this Report, and we incorporate such disclosures by
reference and make them a part of this risk factor. As described in more detail in such disclosures, we maintain an accrual for our potential liability relating to the Fox River matter that represents certain critical estimates and judgments made by
us regarding our potential liability; however, both the ultimate costs associated with the Fox River matter and our share of those costs are subject to a wide range of potential outcomes. 

Contingencies 
Like other companies, we face uncertainties with regard to regulations, lawsuits and other related matters. In the normal course of business,
we are subject to proceedings, lawsuits, claims and other matters, including those that relate to the environment, health and safety, employee benefits, export compliance, intellectual property and other regulatory compliance and general matters.
Because such matters are subject to many uncertainties, their outcomes are not predictable. While we believe that amounts provided in our consolidated financial statements are currently adequate in light of the probable and estimable liabilities,
there can be no assurances that the amounts required to satisfy alleged liabilities from such matters will not impact future operating results. Additionally, we are subject to diverse and complex laws and regulations, including those relating to
corporate governance, public disclosure and reporting, which are rapidly changing and subject to 

11 

Table of Contents

many possible changes in the future. Although we do not believe that recent regulatory and legal initiatives will result in significant changes to our
internal practices or our operations, changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, and federal securities laws and regulations, among others, may substantially increase costs to our organization and could have an impact on our future
operating results.