.

You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could affect our business,
operating results and financial condition, as well as affect an investment in our shares.

 Relating to Our Business

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is
significantly affected by volatile oil and gas prices.

Demand for drilling services depends on a variety of economic and political factors and the
level of activity in offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production markets
worldwide. Commodity prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices, may
significantly affect this level of activity. However, higher prices do not necessarily translate
into increased drilling activity since our clients’ expectations of future commodity prices
typically drive demand for our rigs. Oil and gas prices are extremely volatile and are affected by
numerous factors beyond our control, including:

•

laws and regulations related to environmental or energy security matters, including
those addressing alternative energy sources and the risks of global climate change;

•

the political environment of oil-producing regions, including uncertainty or instability
resulting from civil disorder, an outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or acts of
war or terrorism;

•

worldwide demand for oil and gas, which is impacted by changes in the rate of economic
growth in the U.S. and other non-U.S. economies;

•

the ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing;

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

•

the laws and regulations of governments regarding exploration and development of their
oil and gas reserves or speculation regarding future laws or regulations;

•

the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and gas;

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves;

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves;

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity;

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital;

9

Table of Contents

•

adverse weather conditions (such as hurricanes and monsoons) and seas;

•

the development and exploitation of alternative fuels;

•

tax policy;

•

advances in exploration, development and production technology; and

•

availability of, and access to, suitable acreage bearing hydrocarbons for our customers.

Demand for our drilling services may decrease due to events beyond our control and some of our
customers could seek to cancel, terminate or renegotiate their contracts.

Our business could be impacted by events beyond our control including changes in our
customers’ drilling programs or budgets or their liquidity (including access to capital), changes
in, or prolonged reductions of, prices for oil and gas, or shifts in the relative strength of
various geographic drilling markets brought on by economic slowdown, or regional or worldwide
recession, any of which could result in deterioration in demand for our drilling services. In
addition, our customers may cancel drilling contracts or letter agreements or letters of intent for
drilling contracts, or exercise early termination rights found in some of our drilling contracts or
available under local law, for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control.
Depending upon market conditions, our customers may also seek renegotiation of firm drilling
contracts to reduce their obligations. If the future level of demand for our drilling services or
if future conditions in the offshore contract drilling industry decline, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts.

We have a number of contracts that will expire in 2011 and 2012. Our ability to renew these
contracts or obtain new contracts and the terms of any such contracts will depend on market
conditions and the condition of our customers. We may be unable to renew our expiring contracts or
obtain new contracts for the rigs under contracts that have expired or been terminated, and the
dayrates under any new contracts may be below, perhaps substantially below, the existing dayrates,
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

The U.S. governmental, regulatory, and industry response to the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig
accident and resulting oil spill has, and could continue to have, a prolonged and material adverse
impact on our U.S. Gulf of Mexico operations.

Subsequent to the April 20, 2010 fire and explosion on the Deepwater Horizon, a competitor’s
drilling rig in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, U.S. governmental authorities implemented a moratorium on
and suspension of specified types of drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. On October
12, 2010, the U.S. government lifted the moratorium following adoption of new regulations including
a drilling safety rule and a workplace safety rule, each of which imposed multiple obligations
relating to offshore drilling operations. These obligations relate to, among other things,
additional certifications and verifications relating to compliance with applicable regulations;
compatibility of blowout preventers with drilling rigs and well design; third-party inspections and
design review of blowout preventers; testing of casing installations; minimum requirements for
personnel operating blowout preventers; and training in deepwater well control. In January 2011,
the government agency charged with reviewing compliance with new regulations determined that it
could not yet issue drilling permits under the new regulations.

In addition, the U.S. government has indicated that before any new deepwater drilling resumes,
(i) operators must demonstrate that containment resources are available promptly in the event of a
deepwater blowout, (ii) the chief executive officer of each operator seeking to perform deepwater
drilling must certify that the operator has complied with all applicable regulations and (iii) the
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement will conduct inspections of each
deepwater drilling operation for compliance with the applicable regulations.

There have been and may continue to be judicial and other challenges made with respect to some
of the government imposed restrictions on U.S. Gulf of Mexico drilling operations. However, we
cannot predict (1) how those challenges will be resolved, (2) how the resolution of those
challenges may affect the scope or duration of the government-imposed restrictions or (3) the
actions the U.S. government may take, whether in response to those challenges or otherwise. We
also cannot predict when the applicable government agency will determine that any deepwater driller
is in compliance with the new regulations.

10

Table of Contents

Our existing U.S. Gulf of Mexico operations have been and will continue to be negatively
impacted by the events and governmental actions described above. U.S. governmental restrictions
and regulations have and may continue to result in a number of our rigs and those of others being
moved, or becoming available for moving, to locations outside of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, which
could potentially reduce global dayrates and negatively affect our ability to contract our rigs
that are currently uncontracted or coming off contract. In addition, U.S. or other governmental
authorities could implement additional regulations concerning licensing, taxation, equipment
specifications and training requirements that could increase the costs of our operations.
Additionally, increased costs for our customers’ operations, along with permitting delays, could
negatively affect the economics of currently planned or future exploration and development activity
and result in a reduction in demand for our services. Furthermore, due to the Deepwater Horizon
accident and resulting oil spill, insurance costs across the industry could increase, and certain
insurance may be less available or not available at all, which could negatively affect us over
time.

At this time, we cannot predict for how long or to what extent our operations will be
adversely impacted by the governmental, regulatory and industry response to the Deepwater Horizon
drilling rig accident and resulting oil spill nor can we predict:

•

the extent of additional or substitute regulations and restrictions that may be imposed
on drilling operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico;

•

the extent to which drilling operations subsequent to the moratorium period will be
impacted or the delay in issuing permits for new or continued drilling;

•

the extent to which customers may seek to terminate existing contracts or the demand by
customers for new or renewed drilling contracts;

•

the availability of, or delays in delivery of, equipment required to comply with any new
regulations;

•

the effect of the developments described above on demand for our services in the U.S.
Gulf of Mexico.

Depending on their duration and extent, these and related developments could continue to have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity relating to the
U.S. Gulf of Mexico.

The recent worldwide instability in the financial and credit sectors and economic recession
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

The recent worldwide financial and credit situation reduced the availability of liquidity and
credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business operations worldwide. The
shortage of liquidity and credit combined with substantial losses in worldwide equity markets led
to a recession in the United States, Europe and Japan. A slowdown in economic activity caused by a
worldwide recession, combined with lower prices for oil and gas, reduced worldwide demand for
energy and demand for drilling services. If demand for drilling services declines further, we
could experience a decline in dayrates for new contracts and a slowing in the pace of new contract
activity. Demand for our services depends on oil and natural gas industry activity and expenditure
levels that are directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices. Demand for our services
is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development, and production activity of, and
the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. Any prolonged reduction in
oil and natural gas prices or material impairment of our customers’ cash flow or liquidity,
including their access to capital, could result in lower levels of exploration, development and
production activity. Lower levels of exploration activity could result in a corresponding decline
in the demand for our drilling services, which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The financial situation may also
adversely affect the ability of shipyards to meet scheduled deliveries of our newbuilds and our
ability to renew our fleet through new vessel construction projects and conversion projects.

11

Table of Contents

We are substantially dependent on several of our customers including Shell, Petrobras and
Pemex, and the loss of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

We estimate Shell and Petrobras represents more than 62 percent and 26 percent, respectively,
of our backlog at December 31, 2010 and revenues from Pemex, Petrobras and Shell accounted for 20
percent, 19 percent and 12 percent of our total operating revenues for the year ended December 31,
2010. This concentration of customers increases the risks associated with any possible termination
or nonperformance of contracts by either customer in addition to our exposure to credit risk of
either customer. If either of these customers were to terminate or fail to perform their
obligations under their contracts and we were not able to find other customers for the affected
drilling units promptly, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.

Construction, conversion or upgrades of rigs are subject to risks, including delays and cost
overruns, which could have an adverse impact on our available cash resources and results of
operations.

We currently have significant new construction projects and conversion projects underway and
we may undertake additional such projects in the future. In addition, we make significant upgrade,
refurbishment and repair expenditures for our fleet from time to time, particularly as our rigs
become older. Some of these expenditures are unplanned. These projects and other efforts of this
type are subject to risks of cost overruns or delays inherent in any large construction project as
a result of numerous factors, including the following:

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

•

work stoppages and labor disputes;

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment;

•

local customs strikes or related work slowdowns that could delay importation of
equipment or materials;

•

weather interferences;

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or approvals or in meeting permit or
approval conditions;

•

design and engineering problems;

•

latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of
engineering estimates and assumptions;

•

unforeseen increases in the cost of equipment, labor and raw materials, particularly
steel;

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders;

•

client acceptance delays;

•

disputes with shipyards and suppliers;

•

delays in, or inability to obtain, access to funding;

•

shipyard failures and difficulties, including as a result of financial problems of
shipyards or their subcontractors; and

•

failure or delay of third-party equipment vendors or service providers.

Failure to complete a rig upgrade or new construction on time, or the inability to complete a
rig conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications, may, in some
circumstances, result in loss of revenues, penalties, or delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a
drilling contract or the recognition of an asset impairment. Additionally, capital expenditures
for rig upgrade, refurbishment and construction projects could materially exceed our planned
capital expenditures. Moreover, our rigs undergoing upgrade, refurbishment and repair may not earn
a dayrate during the period they are out of service.

We could be adversely affected by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws and our
failure to comply with the terms of our settlement agreements with the DOJ and SEC.

We operate in a number of countries throughout the world, including countries known to have a
reputation for corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable
anti-corruption laws and our code of business conduct and ethics. We are subject, however, to the
risk that we, our affiliated entities or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents
may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (“FCPA”) and similar laws in other countries. Any violation
of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could result in substantial fines, sanctions,
civil
and/or criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, actual or
alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Further, detecting,
investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant
time and attention of our senior management.

12

Table of Contents

In 2007, we began an internal investigation of the legality under the FCPA of certain
activities in Nigeria. In November 2010, we finalized settlements of this matter with each of the
SEC and the DOJ. Under the settlements with the DOJ and SEC, we agreed to, among other things, pay
certain fines and interest and disgorge certain profits, cooperate with the DOJ, comply with the
FCPA, comply with certain self-reporting and annual reporting obligations and comply with an
injunction restraining us from violating the anti-bribery, books and records and internal controls
provisions of the FCPA. Our ability to comply with the terms of the settlements is dependent on
the success of our ongoing compliance program, including our ability to continue to manage our
agents and supervise, train and retain competent employees, and the efforts of our employees to
comply with applicable law and our code of business conduct and ethics.

Also, in January 2011, the Nigerian Economic and Financial Crimes Commission and the Nigerian
Attorney General Office initiated an investigation into these same activities. A subsidiary of
Noble-Swiss resolved this matter through the execution of a non-prosecution agreement dated January
28, 2011. Pursuant to this agreement, the subsidiary paid $2.5 million to resolve all charges and
claims of the Nigerian government. Any additional sanctions we may incur as a result of any such
investigation could damage our reputation and result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or
criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, resolving any such
additional investigations could be expensive and consume significant time and attention of our
senior management.

Possible changes in tax laws could affect us and our shareholders.

We are a Swiss company and operate through various subsidiaries in numerous countries
throughout the world including the United States. Consequently, we are subject to changes in tax
laws, treaties or regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the U.S., Switzerland
or jurisdictions in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate or are resident.

Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Consequently, we
are subject to changing tax laws, treaties and regulations in and between countries in which we
operate, including treaties between the United States and other nations. Our income tax expense is
based upon our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in various countries at the time that the
expense was incurred. If these laws, treaties or regulations change or if the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service or other taxing authorities do not agree with our assessment of the effects of such laws,
treaties and regulations, this could have a material adverse effect on us, including the imposition
of a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings or a reclassification of the tax impact of
our significant corporate restructuring transactions.

In addition, the manner in which our shareholders are taxed on distributions on, and
dispositions of, our shares could be affected by changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations or
the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the U.S., Switzerland or other jurisdictions in which
our shareholders are resident. Any such changes could affect the trading price of our shares.

Our business involves numerous operating hazards.

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling business, including
blowouts, fires and collisions or groundings of offshore equipment, and damage or loss from adverse
weather and seas. These hazards could cause personal injury or loss of life, suspend drilling
operations or seriously damage or destroy the property and equipment involved, result in claims by
employees, customers or third parties and, in addition to causing environmental damage, could cause
substantial damage to oil and natural gas producing formations or facilities. Operations also may
be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, and failure of
subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services, or personnel shortages. Damage to the
environment could also result from our operations, particularly through oil spillage or extensive
uncontrolled fires. We may also be subject to damage claims by oil and gas companies.

13

Table of Contents

The contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business with intense
price competition. If we are not able to compete successfully, our profitability may be reduced.

The offshore contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business
characterized by high capital and maintenance costs. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded
on a competitive bid basis. Intense price competition, rig availability, location and suitability,
experience of the workforce, efficiency, safety performance record, technical capability and
condition of equipment, operating integrity, reputation, industry standing and client relations are
all factors in determining which contractor is awarded a job. Mergers among oil and natural gas
exploration and production companies from time to time may reduce the number of available clients,
resulting in increased price competition.

Our industry has historically been cyclical. There have been periods of high demand, short
rig supply and high dayrates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and low
dayrates. Periods of excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and may result in
some of our rigs being idle for long periods of time. Prolonged periods of low utilization and low
dayrates could result in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if
future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate
that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable.

The increase in supply created by the number of rigs being built, as well as changes in our
competitors’ drilling rig fleets, could intensify price competition and require higher capital
investment to keep our rigs competitive. In addition, the supply attributable to newbuild rigs,
especially those being built on speculation, could cause a reduction in future dayrates. In
certain markets, for example, we are experiencing competition from newbuild jackups that are
scheduled to enter the market in 2011 and beyond. The entry of these newbuild jackups into the
market may result in lower marketplace dayrates for jackups. Similarly, there are a number of
deepwater newbuilds that are scheduled to enter the market over the next several years, which could
also adversely affect the dayrates for these units.

We may have difficulty obtaining or maintaining insurance in the future and we cannot fully
insure against all of the risks and hazards we face.

No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain insurance against all risks or that
we will be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates and with
deductibles or retention amounts that we consider commercially reasonable.

The damage sustained to offshore oil and gas assets as a result of hurricanes in 2005 and 2008
caused the insurance market for U.S. named windstorm perils to deteriorate significantly.
Consequently, beginning in 2009, we elected to self insure U.S. named windstorm coverage.
Currently, our units deployed in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico include eight semisubmersibles, four
jackups, two submersibles and one FPSO. We have not yet concluded the March 2011 renewal of our
insurance program, but we expect to continue self insuring U.S. named windstorm perils. Our rigs
located in the Mexican portion of the Gulf of Mexico remain covered by commercial insurance for
windstorm damage up to the declared value of each unit. If one or more future significant
weather-related events occur in the Gulf of Mexico, or in any other geographic area in which we
operate, we may experience further increases in insurance costs, additional coverage restrictions
or unavailability of certain insurance products.

Although we maintain insurance in the geographic areas in which we operate, pollution,
reservoir damage and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Our insurance policies
and contractual rights to indemnity may not adequately cover our losses or may have exclusions of
coverage for some losses. We do not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks,
including loss of hire insurance on most of the rigs in our fleet. Uninsured exposures may include
expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations, radiation hazards, certain loss or
damage to property onboard our rigs and losses relating to shore-based terrorist acts or strikes.
If a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or
contractual indemnity, it could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. Additionally, there can be no assurance that those parties with contractual
obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be financially able to indemnify us against all these
risks.

14

Table of Contents

Governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, may add to
our costs or limit our drilling activity.

Our business is affected by public policy and laws and regulations relating to the energy
industry and the environment in the geographic areas where we operate.

The drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration and
production industry, and accordingly, we are directly affected by the adoption of laws and
regulations that for economic, environmental or other policy reasons curtail exploration and
development drilling for oil and gas. We may be required to make significant capital expenditures
to comply with governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible that these laws and
regulations may in the future add significantly to our operating costs or significantly limit
drilling activity. Governments in some foreign countries are increasingly active in regulating and
controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas, and other aspects of the
oil and gas industries. Additionally, there is increasing attention in the United States and
worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gases. For further
discussion, see “Part I, Item 1. Business — Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters.”
The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations that
result in the curtailment of exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas could materially
and adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities or imposing materially
increased costs.

Our operations are also subject to numerous laws and regulations controlling the discharge of
materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. As a
result, the application of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations by increasing our cost of doing business, discouraging our customers from drilling for
hydrocarbons or subjecting us to liability. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore
drilling units in navigable U.S. waters and certain offshore areas, including the U.S. Outer
Continental Shelf, are liable for damages and for the cost of removing oil spills for which we may
be held responsible, subject to certain limitations. Our operations may involve the use or
handling of materials that are classified as environmentally hazardous. Laws and regulations
protecting the environment have generally become more stringent and in certain circumstances impose
“strict liability”, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence
or fault. Environmental laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of or
conditions caused by others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the
time they were performed.

Our global operations involve additional risks.

We operate in various regions throughout the world that may expose us to political and other
uncertainties, including risks of:

•

terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances;

•

seizure, nationalization or expropriation of property or equipment;

•

monetary policies and foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations;

•

the inability to repatriate income or capital;

•

complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations;

•

piracy;

•

import-export quotas, wage and price controls, imposition of trade barriers and other
forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control;

•

regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions; and

•

changing taxation policies.

15

Table of Contents

Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate,
including laws and regulations relating to:

•

the importing, exporting, equipping and operation of drilling units;

•

repatriation of foreign earnings;

•

currency exchange controls;

•

oil and gas exploration and development;

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors.

Our ability to do business in a number of jurisdictions is subject to maintaining required
licenses and permits and complying with applicable laws and regulations. We have historically
operated our drilling units offshore Nigeria under temporary import permits. We have one jackup rig
in Nigeria which is operating under a temporary import permit which expired in November 2008 and we
have a pending application to renew this permit. We have received approval from the Nigerian Customs office
that we will be allowed to obtain a new temporary import permit for
this rig. We recently received a new temporary import permit for
another rig in Nigeria that had been waiting for a temporary import
permit based on a long-standing application. We continue to seek to avoid
material disruption to our Nigerian operations; however,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new permits or further extensions of
permits necessary to continue the operation of our rigs in Nigeria. If we cannot obtain a new
permit or an extension necessary to continue operations of any rig, we may need to cease operations
under the drilling contract for such rig and relocate such rig from Nigerian waters. We cannot
predict what impact these events may have on any such contract or our business in Nigeria, and we
could face additional fines and sanctions in Nigeria. Furthermore, we cannot predict what changes,
if any, relating to temporary import permit policies and procedures may be established or
implemented in Nigeria in the future, or how any such changes may impact our business there.

For additional information regarding our internal investigation of our Nigerian operations and
the status of our temporary import permits in Nigeria, see “Part II Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data, Note 14 — Commitments and Contingencies.” Changes in, compliance with, or
our failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate, including
Nigeria, may negatively impact our operations in those countries and could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations.

The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (“NIMASA”) is seeking to collect a two
percent surcharge on contract amounts under contracts performed by “vessels”, within the meaning of
Nigeria’s cabotage laws, engaged in the Nigerian coastal shipping trade. We do not believe that our
offshore drilling units are engaged in the Nigerian coastal shipping trade nor that our units are
“vessels” within the meaning of Nigeria’s cabotage laws. In January 2008 we filed a declaratory
judgment action in the Federal High Court of Nigeria seeking relief from NIMASA’s attempt to apply
the cabotage laws to our operations. In February 2009, NIMASA filed suit against us in the Federal
High Court of Nigeria seeking collection of this surcharge. In August 2009, the court ruled in our
favor in our declaratory judgment action. NIMASA has appealed the court’s ruling, but NIMASA’s
suit against us was subsequently dismissed. The outcome of any such legal action and the extent to
which we may ultimately be responsible for the surcharge is uncertain. We may be required to pay
the surcharge and comply with other aspects of the Nigerian cabotage laws, which could adversely
affect our operations in Nigerian waters and require us to incur additional costs of compliance.
For additional information regarding these actions relating to the application of the cabotage
laws, see “Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14 — Commitments and
Contingencies.”

NIMASA has also informed the Nigerian Content Division of its position that we are not in
compliance with the cabotage laws. The Nigerian Content Division makes determinations of
companies’ compliance with applicable local content regulations for purposes of government
contracting, including contracting for services in connection with oil and gas concessions where
the Nigerian national oil company is a partner. The Nigerian Content Division had barred us from
participating in tenders for new projects as a result of NIMASA’s allegations, but we are currently
able to participate based on the court’s ruling in our favor. However, no assurance can be given
with respect to our ability to bid for future work in Nigeria until our dispute with NIMASA is
resolved.

Governmental action, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil price
volatility. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the
amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In
addition, some governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local
contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or
purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our ability
to compete and our results of operations.

16

Table of Contents

Failure to attract and retain highly skilled personnel or an increase in personnel costs could
hurt our operations.

We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for
our drilling units. As the demand for drilling services and the size of the worldwide industry
fleet increases, shortages of qualified personnel have occurred from time to time. These shortages
could result in our loss of qualified personnel to competitors, impair our ability to attract and
retain qualified personnel for our new or existing drilling units, impair the timeliness and
quality of our work and create upward pressure on personnel costs, any of which could adversely
affect our operations.

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to
us.

We may experience currency exchange losses where revenues are received or expenses are paid in
nonconvertible currencies or where we do not hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also
incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible
currency available to the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over
the repatriation of income or capital.

We are subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on us.

We are, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include,
among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, asbestos and other toxic tort
claims, environmental claims or proceedings, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or
duties, and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. Although we
intend to defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect
of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome
of any litigation. Litigation may have an adverse effect on us because of potential negative
outcomes, costs of attorneys, the allocation of management’s time and attention, and other factors.

Forward-Looking Statements

This report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section
27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this
report regarding our financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for
future operations, industry conditions, and indebtedness covenant compliance are forward-looking
statements. When used in this report, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “should” and similar expressions are intended to be among the
statements that identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such
expectations will prove to have been correct. We have identified factors that could cause actual
plans or results to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements. These
factors include those described in “Risk Factors” above, or in our other SEC filings, among others.
Such risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot
predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from
those indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks when you are
evaluating us.