. 

You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to
the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as affect an investment in our shares. 

 Relating to Our Business 

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry. Adverse developments affecting the industry, including a
decline in oil or gas prices, reduced demand for oil and gas products and increased regulation of drilling and production, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Demand for drilling services depends on a variety of economic and political factors and the level of activity in offshore oil and gas
exploration and development and production markets worldwide. Commodity prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices, may significantly affect this level of activity, as well as dayrates for our services. However, higher
prices do not necessarily translate into increased drilling activity because our clients’ expectations of future commodity prices typically drive demand for our rigs. Oil and gas prices and the level of activity in offshore oil and gas
exploration and development are extremely volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including: 

•

the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

•

potential acceleration in the development, and the price and availability, of alternative fuels; 

•

increased supply of oil and gas resulting from growing onshore hydraulic fracturing activity and shale development; 

•

worldwide production and demand for oil and gas, which are impacted by changes in the rate of economic growth in the global economy; 

•

worldwide financial instability or recessions; 

•

regulatory restrictions or any moratorium on offshore drilling; 

•

expectations regarding future energy prices; 

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity; 

•

oil refining capacity; 

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

•

worldwide instability in the financial and credit sectors and a reduction in the availability of liquidity and credit; 

•

advances in exploration, development and production technology; 

•

technical advances affecting energy consumption; 

•

merger and divestiture activity among oil and gas producers; 

•

the availability of, and access to, suitable locations from which our customers can produce hydrocarbons; 

•

rough seas and adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and typhoons; 

•

tax laws, regulations and policies; 

•

laws and regulations related to environmental matters, including those addressing alternative energy sources and the risks of global climate change; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

the political environment of oil-producing regions, including uncertainty or instability resulting from civil disorder, an outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or acts of war or terrorism; 

•

the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries; and 

•

the laws and regulations of governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves or speculation regarding future laws or regulations. 

Adverse developments affecting the industry as a result of one or more of these factors, including a decline in oil or gas prices, a global
recession, reduced demand for oil and gas products and increased regulation of drilling and production, particularly if several developments were to occur in a short period of time as in 2008 and 2009, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical
business with intense price competition. If we are unable to compete successfully, our profitability may be reduced. 

The offshore
contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business characterized by high capital and operating costs and evolving capability of newer rigs. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Intense price
competition, rig availability, location and suitability, experience of the workforce, efficiency, safety performance record, technical capability and condition of equipment, operating integrity, reputation, industry standing and client relations are
all factors in determining which contractor is awarded a job. Our future success and profitability will partly depend upon our ability to keep pace with our customers’ demands with respect to these factors. If current competitors or new market
entrants implement new technical capabilities, services or standards that are more attractive to our customers, it could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

In addition to intense competition, our industry has historically been cyclical. There have been periods of high demand, short rig supply and
high dayrates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates. Periods of low demand or excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and may result in some of our rigs being idle or earning substantially lower
dayrates for long periods of time. 
An over-supply of jackup rigs may lead to a reduction in dayrates and demand for our rigs and
therefore may materially impact our profitability. 

During the recent period of high utilization and high dayrates, industry
participants have increased the supply of drilling rigs by building new drilling rigs, including some drilling rigs that have not yet entered service. Historically, this has often resulted in an oversupply of drilling rigs, which has contributed to
a decline in utilization and dayrates, sometimes for extended periods of time. 
The increase in supply created by the number and types of
rigs being built, as well as changes in our competitors’ drilling rig fleets, could intensify price competition and require higher capital investment to keep our rigs competitive. To the extent that the drilling rigs currently under
construction or on order have not been contracted for future work, there may be increased price competition as such vessels become operational, which could lead to a reduction in dayrates. We are experiencing competition from newbuild rigs that are
scheduled to enter the market in 2014 and beyond. The entry of these rigs into the market may result in lower dayrates for rigs than currently expected. Lower utilization and dayrates would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Prolonged
periods of low utilization or low dayrates could result in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying
value of these rigs may not be recoverable. 
Our business involves numerous operating hazards. 

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling business, including: 

•

well blowouts; 

•

fires; 

•

collisions or groundings of offshore equipment; 

•

punch-throughs; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

mechanical or technological failures; 

•

failure of our employees to comply with our internal environmental, health and safety guidelines; 

•

pipe or cement failures and casing collapses, which could release oil, gas or drilling fluids; 

•

geological formations with abnormal pressures; 

•

spillage handling and disposing of materials; and 

•

adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, typhoons, winter storms and rough seas. 

These hazards could cause personal injury or loss of life, suspend drilling operations, result in regulatory investigation or penalties,
seriously damage or destroy property and equipment, result in claims by employees, customers or third parties, cause environmental damage and cause substantial damage to oil and gas producing formations or facilities. Operations also may be
suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, and failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel shortages. The occurrence of any of the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
On Friday, February 28, 2014, the Noble Paul Wolff, a
dynamically positioned semisubmersible rig operating off the coast of Brazil, experienced a ballast control incident. While the event did not result in any reported pollution or injury, we will incur costs to resolve it and we have stopped
operations on the rig until we can resume them safely. Because the incident occurred so recently and is ongoing, we cannot at this time determine the final effects of the incident. 

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain contracts for our uncontracted newbuilds. 

We have a number of customer contracts that will expire in 2014 and 2015. Our ability to renew these contracts or obtain new contracts and the
terms of any such contracts will depend on market conditions and our customers. Also, of the units we currently have under construction as part of our newbuild program, two of the heavy-duty, harsh environment jackups are being constructed without
customer contracts. We will attempt to secure contracts for these units prior to their completion. We may be unable to renew our expiring contracts or obtain new contracts for our newbuilds or the rigs under contracts that have expired or been
terminated, and the dayrates under any new contracts may be below, perhaps substantially below, the existing dayrates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We may continue speculative building, even
in the absence of contracts for our units already under construction. 
Our customers may generally terminate our term drilling contracts
if a drilling rig is destroyed or lost or if we have to suspend drilling operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party. In the case
of nonperformance and under certain other conditions, our drilling contracts generally allow our customers to terminate without any payment to us. The terms of some of our drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate the contract after
specified notice periods by tendering contractually specified termination amounts. These termination payments may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. Our drilling contracts with Pemex allow early cancellation with 30 days or less
notice to us without any early termination payment. Petrobras has the right to terminate its contracts in the event of downtime that exceeds certain thresholds. The early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended
period of time and a reduction in our contract backlog and associated revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, during periods of depressed market conditions, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers seeking to repudiate their
contracts. Our customers’ ability to perform their obligations under drilling contracts with us may also be adversely affected by restricted credit markets and economic downturns. If our customers cancel or are unable to renew some of their
contracts and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, if contracts are disputed or suspended for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We are substantially dependent on several
of our customers, including Shell, Petrobras and Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold (“Freeport”), and the loss of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Any concentration of customers increases the risks associated with any possible termination or nonperformance of drilling contracts. We
estimate Shell, Petrobras and Freeport represented approximately 50 percent, 9 percent and 9 percent, respectively, of our backlog at December 31, 2013 and revenues from Shell and Petrobras accounted for approximately 41 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, of our total operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, no revenue was recognized related to Freeport. This concentration of customers increases the risks associated with any
possible termination or nonperformance of contracts in addition to our exposure to credit risk. Our floaters working for Petrobras are under contracts that expire in 2017. Petrobras has announced a program to construct 29 newbuild floaters, which
may reduce or eliminate its need for our rigs. These new drilling units, if built, would compete with, and could displace, our floaters completing contracts and could materially adversely affect our utilization rates, particularly in Brazil. If any
of these customers were to terminate or fail to perform their obligations under their contracts and we were not able to find other customers for the affected drilling units promptly, our financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. 

14 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks relating to operations in international locations. 

We operate in various regions throughout the world that may expose us to political and other uncertainties, including risks of: 

•

seizure, nationalization or expropriation of property or equipment; 

•

monetary policies, government credit rating downgrades and potential defaults, and foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations; 

•

limitations on the ability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations; 

•

repudiation, nullification, modification or renegotiation of contracts; 

•

limitations on insurance coverage, such as war risk coverage, in certain areas; 

•

import-export quotas, wage and price controls, imposition of trade barriers and other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control; 

•

delays in implementing private commercial arrangements as a result of government oversight; 

•

financial or operational difficulties in complying with foreign bureaucratic actions; 

•

changing taxation rules or policies; 

•

other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control and that create operational uncertainty; 

•

governmental corruption; 

•

piracy; and 

•

terrorist acts, war, revolution and civil disturbances. 

Further, we operate in certain
less-developed countries with legal systems that are not as mature or predictable as those in more developed countries, which can lead to greater uncertainty in legal matters and proceedings. Examples of challenges of operating in these countries
include: 

•

potential restrictions presented by local content regulations in Nigeria; 

•

ongoing changes in Brazilian laws related to the importation of rigs and equipment that may impose bonding, insurance or duty-payment requirements; 

•

procedural requirements for temporary import permits, which may be difficult to obtain; and 

•

the effect of certain temporary import permit regimes, such as in Nigeria, where the duration of the permit does not coincide with the general term of the drilling contract. 

Our ability to do business in a number of jurisdictions is subject to maintaining required licenses and permits and complying with applicable
laws and regulations. For example, in the past, we have experienced delays in Nigeria in receiving permits to operate as an oil industry service company, licenses to operate our rigs and temporary import permits for our rigs. For additional
information regarding our completed internal investigation of our Nigerian operations and the status of certain legal actions in Nigeria, see “Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 — Commitments and
Contingencies.” Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate may negatively impact our operations in those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 
In addition, other governmental actions, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil price
volatility. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In addition, some governments favor or effectively require the
awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our ability to compete
and our results of operations. 

15 

Table of Contents

Operating and maintenance costs of our rigs may be significant and may not correspond to
revenue earned. 

Our operating expenses and maintenance costs depend on a variety of factors including crew costs, costs of
provisions, equipment, insurance, maintenance and repairs, and shipyard costs, many of which are beyond our control. Our total operating costs are generally related to the number of drilling rigs in operation and the cost level in each country or
region where such drilling rigs are located. Equipment maintenance costs fluctuate depending upon the type of activity that the drilling rig is performing and the age and condition of the equipment. Operating and maintenance costs will not
necessarily fluctuate in proportion to changes in operating revenues. While operating revenues may fluctuate as a function of changes in dayrate, costs for operating a rig may not be proportional to the dayrate received and may vary based on a
variety of factors, including the scope and length of required rig preparations and the duration of the contractual period over which such expenditures are amortized. Any investments in our rigs may not result in an increased dayrate for or income
from such rigs. A disproportionate amount of operating and maintenance costs in comparison to dayrates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The proposed Separation of our standard specification business is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may
require significant time and attention of our management, may not achieve the intended results, and difficulties in connection with the Separation could have an adverse effect on us. 

As previously disclosed, our Board of Directors has approved a plan to reorganize our business by means of a separation and spin-off of a newly
formed subsidiary whose assets would consist of most of our standard specification drilling units. For more information, please read “Proposed Spin-Off Transaction” in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Separation,
including any related potential IPO of our subsidiary that would own and operate most of our standard specification business, is contingent upon the final approval of our Board of Directors, the approval of our shareholders, and other conditions,
some of which are beyond our control. We may also choose to abandon the Separation at any time. For these and other reasons, the Separation may not be completed in the expected timeframe or at all. Additionally, execution of the proposed Separation
will continue to require significant expense, time and attention of our management. The Separation could distract management from the operation of our business and the execution of our other strategic initiatives. Our employees may also be uncertain
about their future roles within the separate companies pending the completion of the Separation, which could lead to departures. Further, if the Separation is completed, we may not realize the benefits we expect to realize. Any such difficulties
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If completed, the Separation may also expose us to certain risks that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, may add to our costs or limit our drilling
activity. 

Our business is affected by public policy and laws and regulations relating to the energy industry and the environment
in the geographic areas where we operate. 
The drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration and
production industry, and accordingly, we are directly affected by the adoption of laws and regulations that for economic, environmental or other policy reasons curtail exploration and development drilling for oil and gas. We may be required to make
significant capital expenditures to comply with governmental laws and regulations. Governments in some foreign countries are increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas, and other
aspects of the oil and gas industries. There is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gases. 

Our operations are also subject to numerous laws and regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise
relating to the protection of the environment. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations that result in the curtailment of exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas could materially and
adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities or imposing materially increased costs. As a result, the application of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by increasing our cost of doing
business, discouraging our customers from drilling for hydrocarbons or subjecting us to liability. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore drilling units in navigable U.S. waters and certain offshore areas, including the U.S. Outer
Continental Shelf, are liable for damages and for the cost of removing oil spills for which we may be held responsible, subject to certain limitations. Our operations may involve the use or handling of materials that are classified as
environmentally hazardous. Laws and regulations protecting the environment have generally become more stringent and in certain circumstances impose “strict liability”, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to
negligence or fault. Environmental laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. 

16 

Table of Contents

In November 2012, the U.S. Coast Guard in Alaska conducted an inspection of our drillship, the
Noble Discoverer, and cited a number of deficiencies that needed to be remediated, including issues relating to the main propulsion and safety management system. We began an internal investigation in conjunction with the Coast Guard
inspection, and the Coast Guard began its own investigation. We reported certain potential violations of applicable law to the Coast Guard identified as a result of our internal investigation. These related to what we believe were certain
unauthorized disposals of collected deck and sea water from the 
Noble Discoverer, collected, treated deck water from the 
Kulluk and potential record-keeping issues with the oil record books for the 
Noble Discoverer, Kulluk and
other rigs, and with the garbage log for the 
Kulluk. The Coast Guard referred the 
Noble Discoverer and 
Kulluk matters to the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) for further investigation. For additional information
regarding these actions relating to the Alaska investigation, see “Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16— Commitments and Contingencies.” 

Construction, conversion or upgrades of rigs are subject to risks, including delays and cost overruns, which could have an adverse
impact on our available cash resources and results of operations. 

We currently have multiple new construction and conversion
projects underway and we may undertake additional projects in the future. In addition, we make significant upgrade, refurbishment and repair expenditures to our fleet from time to time, particularly as our rigs become older. Some of these
expenditures are unplanned. Our customers may also require certain shipyard reliability upgrade projects for our drillships. These projects and other efforts of this type are subject to risks of cost overruns or delays inherent in any large
construction project as a result of numerous factors, including the following: 

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; 

•

work stoppages and labor disputes; 

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; 

•

local customs strikes or related work slowdowns that could delay importation of equipment or materials; 

•

weather interferences; 

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or approvals or in meeting permit or approval conditions; 

•

design and engineering problems; 

•

inadequate regulatory support infrastructure in the local jurisdiction; 

•

latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of engineering estimates and assumptions; 

•

unforeseen increases in the cost of equipment, labor and raw materials, particularly steel; 

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders; 

•

client acceptance delays; 

•

disputes with shipyards and suppliers; 

•

delays in, or inability to obtain, access to funding; 

•

shipyard availability, failures and difficulties, including as a result of financial problems of shipyards or their subcontractors; and 

•

failure or delay of third-party equipment vendors or service providers. 

The failure to
complete a rig repair, upgrade, refurbishment or new construction on time, or at all, or the inability to complete a rig conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications, may result in loss of revenues, penalties, or
delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling contract or the recognition of an asset impairment. Additionally, capital expenditures for rig repair, upgrade, refurbishment and construction projects could materially exceed our planned capital
expenditures. Moreover, our rigs undergoing upgrade, refurbishment and repair may not earn a dayrate during the period they are out of service. If we experience substantial delays and cost overruns in our shipyard projects, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

We can provide no assurance that our current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be
ultimately realized.

Generally, contract backlog only includes future revenues under firm commitments; however, from time to time,
we may report anticipated commitments for which definitive agreements have not yet been, but are expected to be, executed. In addition, we may not receive some or all of the bonuses that we include in our backlog. We can provide no assurance that we
will be able to perform under these contracts due to events beyond our control or that we will be able to ultimately execute a definitive agreement in cases where one does not currently exist. Moreover, we can provide no assurance that our customers
will be able to or willing to fulfill their contractual commitments to us. Our inability to perform under our contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements or our customers’ inability or unwillingness to fulfill their contractual
commitments to us may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any violation
of anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, or similar laws and regulations could result in significant expenses, divert management attention, and otherwise have a negative
impact on us.

We operate in countries known to have a reputation for corruption. We are subject to the risk that we, our
affiliated entities or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or FCPA, the United Kingdom
Bribery Act 2010, or U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other countries. 
In 2007, we began, and voluntarily contacted the SEC and the
U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, to advise them of, an internal investigation of the legality under the FCPA and local laws of certain reimbursement payments made by our Nigerian affiliate to our customs agents in Nigeria. In 2010, we finalized
settlements of this matter and paid fines and penalties to the DOJ and the SEC. Any violation of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or other applicable anti-corruption laws could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties
and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Further,
detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our senior management. 

Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with the certain laws and regulations may negatively impact our operations and
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations in
countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to: 

•

the importing, exporting, equipping and operation of drilling rigs; 

•

repatriation of foreign earnings; 

•

currency exchange controls; 

•

oil and gas exploration and development; 

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and 

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors. 

Legal and
regulatory proceedings relating to the energy industry, and the complex government regulations to which our business is subject, have at times adversely affected our business and may do so in the future. Governmental actions and initiatives by OPEC
may continue to cause oil price volatility. In some areas of the world, this activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In addition, some governments favor or
effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely
affect our ability to compete and our results of operations. 
Public and regulatory scrutiny of the energy industry has resulted in
increased regulations being either proposed or implemented. In addition, existing regulations might be revised or reinterpreted, new laws, regulations and permitting requirements might be adopted or become applicable to us, our rigs, our customers,
our vendors or our service providers, and future changes in laws and regulations could significantly increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be
required to post additional surety bonds to secure performance, tax, customs and other obligations relating to our rigs in jurisdictions where bonding requirements are already in effect and in other jurisdictions where we may operate in the future.
These requirements would increase the cost of operating in these countries, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

Adverse effects may continue as a result of the uncertainty of ongoing inquiries, investigations
and court proceedings, or additional inquiries and proceedings by federal or state regulatory agencies or private plaintiffs. In addition, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these inquiries or whether these inquiries will lead to additional
legal proceedings against us, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other regulatory action, including legislation or increased permitting requirements. Legal proceedings or other matters against us, including environmental matters, suits,
regulatory appeals, challenges to our permits by citizen groups and similar matters, might result in adverse decisions against us. The result of such adverse decisions, either individually or in the aggregate, could be material and may not be
covered fully or at all by insurance. 
Possible changes in tax laws could affect us and our shareholders.

We operate through various subsidiaries in numerous countries throughout the world. Consequently, we are subject to changes in tax laws,
treaties or regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the United Kingdom, the U.S. or jurisdictions in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate or are incorporated. For example, recently proposed legislation in the U.K. could
restrict deductions on certain related party transactions and, if enacted, could result in a higher effective tax rate on our operations on the U.K. continental shelf. Changes in existing or new tax laws or regulations may increase our cost of
operating in certain countries. 
Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Consequently, we are subject
to changing tax laws, treaties and regulations in and between countries in which we operate. Our income tax expense is based upon our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in various countries at the time that the expense was incurred. If these
laws, treaties or regulations change or other taxing authorities do not agree with our assessment of the effects of such laws, treaties and regulations, this could have a material adverse effect on us, resulting in a higher effective tax rate on our
worldwide earnings or a reclassification of the tax impact of our significant corporate restructuring transactions. 
In addition, the
manner in which our shareholders are taxed on distributions on, and dispositions of, our shares could be affected by changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the United Kingdom, the U.S. or other
jurisdictions in which our shareholders are resident. Any such changes could result in increased taxes for our shareholders and affect the trading price of our shares. 

Operational interruptions or maintenance or repair work may cause our customers to suspend or reduce payment of dayrates until operation
of the respective drilling rig is resumed, which may lead to loss of revenue or termination or renegotiation of the drilling contract.

If our drilling rigs are idle for reasons that are not related to the ability of the rig to operate, our customers are entitled to pay a
waiting, or standby, rate lower than the full operational rate. In addition, if our drilling rigs are taken out of service for maintenance and repair for a period of time exceeding the scheduled maintenance periods set forth in our drilling
contracts, we will not be entitled to payment of dayrates until the rig is able to work. Several factors could cause operational interruptions, including: 

•

breakdowns of equipment and other unforeseen engineering problems; 

•

work stoppages, including labor strikes; 

•

shortages of material and skilled labor; 

•

delays in repairs by suppliers; 

•

surveys by government and maritime authorities; 

•

periodic classification surveys; 

•

inability to obtain permits; 

•

severe weather, strong ocean currents or harsh operating conditions; and 

•

force majeure events. 

19 

Table of Contents

If the interruption of operations were to exceed a determined period due to an event of force
majeure, our customers have the right to pay a rate that is significantly lower than the waiting rate for a period of time, and, thereafter, may terminate the drilling contracts related to the subject rig. Suspension of drilling contract payments,
prolonged payment of reduced rates or termination of any drilling contract as a result of an interruption of operations as described herein could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As a result of our significant cash flow needs, we may be required to incur additional indebtedness, and in the event of lost market
access, may have to delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures.

Our currently anticipated cash flow needs, both in the
short-term and long-term, may include the following: 

•

committed capital expenditures, including expenditures for newbuild projects currently underway; 

•

normal recurring operating expenses; 

•

discretionary capital expenditures, including various capital upgrades; 

•

payments of dividends; and 

•

repayment of maturing debt. 

In order to fund our capital expenditures, we may need funding
beyond the amount available to us from cash generated by our operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our existing bank credit facilities and commercial paper program. We may raise such additional capital in a number of ways, including
accessing capital markets, obtaining additional lines of credit or disposing of assets. However, we can provide no assurance that any of these options will be available to us on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Our debt instruments could limit our operations and our debt level may limit our flexibility to obtain financing and pursue business
opportunities. Our ability to obtain financing or to access the capital markets may be limited by our financial condition at the time of any such financing and the covenants in our existing debt agreements, as well as by adverse market conditions
resulting from, among other things, general economic conditions and uncertainties that are beyond our control. Even if we are successful in obtaining additional capital through debt financings, incurring additional indebtedness may significantly
increase our interest expense and may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund working capital needs, because we will require additional funds to service our outstanding indebtedness. 

We may delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures, which could have certain adverse consequences including delaying upgrades or
equipment purchases that could make the affected rigs less competitive, adversely affect customer relationships and negatively impact our ability to contract such rigs. 

We may have difficulty obtaining or maintaining insurance in the future and our insurance coverage and contractual indemnity rights may
not protect us against all of the risks and hazards we face.

We do not procure insurance coverage for all of the potential risks
and hazards we may face. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain insurance against all of the risks and hazards we face or that we will be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance at rates and with deductibles or
retention amounts that we consider commercially reasonable. 
Our insurance carriers may interpret our insurance policies such that they do
not cover losses for which we make claims. Our insurance policies may also have exclusions of coverage for some losses. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to
property onboard our rigs and losses relating to shore-based terrorist acts or strikes. Furthermore, the damage sustained to offshore oil and gas assets as a result of hurricanes in recent years has negatively impacted the energy insurance market,
resulting in more restrictive and expensive coverage for U.S. named windstorm perils. Accordingly, we have elected to significantly reduce the named windstorm insurance on our rigs operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Presently, we insure the
Noble Jim Thompson, 
Noble Amos Runner and 
Noble Driller for “total loss only” when caused by a named windstorm. For the 
Noble Bully I, our customer assumes the risk of loss due to a named windstorm event,
pursuant to the terms of the drilling contract, through the purchase of insurance coverage (provided that we are responsible for any deductible under such policy) or, at its option, the assumption of the risk of loss up to the insured value in lieu
of the purchase of such insurance. The remaining rigs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico are self-insured for named windstorm perils. Our remaining rigs, including those in the Mexico portion of the Gulf of Mexico, continue to be covered by commercial
insurance for windstorm damage. If one or more future significant weather-related events occur in the Gulf of Mexico, or in any other geographic area in which we operate, we may experience increases in insurance costs, additional coverage
restrictions or unavailability of certain insurance products. 

20 

Table of Contents

Under our drilling contracts, liability with respect to personnel and property is customarily
assigned on a “knock-for-knock” basis, which means that we and our customers assume liability for our respective personnel and property, irrespective of the fault or negligence of the party indemnified. Although our drilling contracts
generally provide for indemnification from our customers for certain liabilities, including liabilities resulting from pollution or contamination originating below the surface of the water, enforcement of these contractual rights to indemnity may be
limited by public policy and other considerations and, in any event, may not adequately cover our losses from such incidents. There can also be no assurance that those parties with contractual obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be in a
financial position to do so. 
Although we maintain insurance in the geographic areas in which we operate, pollution, reservoir damage and
environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Our insurance policies may not adequately cover our losses or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. We do not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks, including
loss of hire insurance on most of the rigs in our fleet. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to property onboard our rigs and losses relating to
shore-based terrorist acts or strikes. If a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A loss of a major tax dispute or a successful tax challenge to our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable
presence of our subsidiaries in certain countries could result in a higher tax rate on our worldwide earnings, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

Income tax returns that we file will be subject to review and examination. We will not recognize the benefit of income tax positions we believe
are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our subsidiaries in certain countries, if
the terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure, or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase substantially and result in a
material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
We may record losses or impairment charges related to sold or idle
rigs.

Prolonged periods of low utilization or low dayrates, the cold stacking of idle assets, the sale of assets below their then
carrying value or the decline in market value of our assets may cause us to experience losses. These events could result in the recognition of impairment charges on our fleet, as we have previously recorded on our submersibles, if future cash flow
estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable or if we sell assets at below their then carrying value. 

Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and of human health and
safety, and compliance with these laws and regulations could impose significant costs and liabilities that exceed our current expectations.

Substantial costs, liabilities, delays and other significant issues could arise from environmental, health and safety laws and regulations
covering our operations, and we may incur substantial costs and liabilities in maintaining compliance with such laws and regulations. Our operations are subject to extensive international conventions and treaties, and national or federal, state and
local laws and regulations, governing environmental protection, including with respect to the discharge of materials into the environment and the security of chemical and industrial facilities. These laws govern a wide range of environmental issues,
including: 

•

the release of oil, drilling fluids, natural gas or other materials into the environment; 

•

air emissions from our drilling rigs or our facilities; 

•

handling, cleanup and remediation of solid and hazardous wastes at our drilling rigs or our facilities or at locations to which we have sent wastes for disposal; 

•

restrictions on chemicals and other hazardous substances; and 

•

wildlife protection, including regulations that ensure our activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened animals, fish and plant species, nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species.

21 

Table of Contents

Various governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and
regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly actions. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits, or the release of oil or other materials into the environment, may result in the assessment
of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, the imposition of stricter conditions on or revocation of permits, the issuance of moratoria or injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our
operations, delays in granting permits and cancellation of leases, or could affect our relationship with certain consumers. 
There is an
inherent risk of the incurrence of environmental costs and liabilities in our business, some of which may be material, due to the handling of our customers’ hydrocarbon products as they are gathered, transported, processed and stored, air
emissions related to our operations, historical industry operations, and water and waste disposal practices. Joint, several or strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental laws and regulations for the
remediation of contaminated areas and in connection with past, present or future spills or releases of natural gas, oil and wastes on, under, or from past, present or future facilities. Private parties may have the right to pursue legal actions to
enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. In addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement
policies could materially increase our compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made
against us. 
Our business may be adversely affected by increased costs due to stricter pollution control equipment requirements or
liabilities resulting from non-compliance with required operating or other regulatory permits. Also, we might not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for our operations. If there is a delay
in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if we fail to obtain and comply with them, the operation or construction of our facilities could be prevented or become subject to additional costs. In addition, the steps we could be
required to take to bring certain facilities into regulatory compliance could be prohibitively expensive, and we might be required to shut down, divest or alter the operation of those facilities, which might cause us to incur losses. 

We make assumptions and develop expectations about possible expenditures related to environmental conditions based on current laws and
regulations and current interpretations of those laws and regulations. If the interpretation of laws or regulations, or the laws and regulations themselves, change, our assumptions may change, and new capital costs may be incurred to comply with
such changes. In addition, new environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our operations, as well as waste management and air emissions. For instance, governmental agencies could impose additional safety requirements, which could
affect our profitability. Further, new environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our customers, which in turn could affect our profitability. 

Finally, although some of our drilling rigs will be separately owned by our subsidiaries, under certain circumstances a parent company and all
of the unit-owning affiliates in a group under common control engaged in a joint venture could be held liable for damages or debts owed by one of the affiliates, including liabilities for oil spills under environmental laws. Therefore, it is
possible that we could be subject to liability upon a judgment against us or any one of our subsidiaries. 
Failure to attract and
retain skilled personnel or an increase in personnel costs could adversely affect our operations.

We require skilled personnel to
operate and provide technical services and support for our drilling units. As the demand for drilling services and the size of the worldwide industry fleet increases, shortages of qualified personnel have occurred from time to time. These shortages
could result in our loss of qualified personnel to competitors, impair our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel for our new or existing drilling units, impair the timeliness and quality of our work and create upward pressure on
personnel costs, any of which could adversely affect our operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

Any failure to comply with the complex laws and regulations governing international trade
could adversely affect our operations.

The shipment of goods, services and technology across international borders subjects our
business to extensive trade laws and regulations. Import activities are governed by unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries of operation. Moreover, many countries, including the United States, control the export and re-export of
certain goods, services and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments also may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and other entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions
involving such countries, persons and entities. U.S. sanctions, in particular, are targeted against certain countries that are heavily involved in the petroleum and petrochemical industries, which includes drilling activities. 

The laws and regulations concerning import activity, export recordkeeping and reporting, export control and economic sanctions are complex and
constantly changing. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner materially impacting our operations. Shipments can be delayed and denied export or entry for a variety of reasons, some of which are outside
our control and some of which may result from failure to comply with existing legal and regulatory regimes. Shipping delays or denials could cause unscheduled operational downtime. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory trading
obligations could also result in criminal and civil penalties and sanctions, such as fines, imprisonment, debarment from government contracts, seizure of shipments and loss of import and export privileges. 

Currently, we do not, nor do we intend to, operate in countries that are subject to significant sanctions and embargoes imposed by the U.S.
government or identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism, such as Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria. The U.S. sanctions and embargo laws and regulations vary in their application, as they do not all apply to the same covered persons
or proscribe the same activities, and such sanctions and embargo laws and regulations may be amended or strengthened over time. Although we believe that we will be in compliance with all applicable sanctions and embargo laws and regulations at the
closing of this offering, and intend to maintain such compliance, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance in the future, particularly as the scope of certain laws may be unclear and may be subject to changing interpretations. Any
such violation could result in fines or other penalties and could result in some investors deciding, or being required, to divest their interest, or not to invest, in us. In addition, certain institutional investors may have investment policies or
restrictions that prevent them from holding securities of companies that have contracts with countries identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism. In addition, our reputation and the market for our securities may be adversely
affected if we engage in certain other activities, such as entering into drilling contracts with individuals or entities in countries subject to significant U.S. sanctions and embargo laws that are not controlled by the governments of those
countries, or engaging in operations associated with those countries pursuant to contracts with third parties that are unrelated to those countries or entities controlled by their governments. 

Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, and we depend upon the security and
reliability of our technologies, systems and networks in numerous locations where we conduct business.

Our floaters and
high-specification units utilize certain technologies that make us vulnerable to cyber-attacks that we may not be able to adequately protect against. These cyber security risks could disrupt certain of our operations for an extended period of time
and result in the loss of critical data and in higher costs to correct and remedy the effects of such incidents. If our systems for protecting against information technology and cyber security risks prove to be insufficient, we could be materially
adversely affected by having our business and financial systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations and safety procedures disrupted. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to us.

We may experience currency exchange losses where revenues are received or expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies or where we do not
hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible currency available to the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over
the repatriation of income or capital. 
We are subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on us.

We are, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include, among other things, contract disputes, personal
injury claims, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, environmental claims or proceedings, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or duties, and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. Although we intend to
defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation. Litigation may have an adverse effect on us
because of potential negative outcomes, costs of attorneys, the allocation of management’s time and attention, and other factors. 

23 

Table of Contents

We are a holding company, and we are dependent upon cash flow from subsidiaries to meet our
obligations.

We currently conduct our operations through both U.S. and foreign subsidiaries, and our operating income and cash
flow are generated by our subsidiaries. As a result, cash we obtain from our subsidiaries is the principal source of funds necessary to meet our debt service obligations. Contractual provisions or laws, as well as our subsidiaries’ financial
condition and operating requirements, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries that we require to pay our debt service obligations. Applicable tax laws may also subject such payments to us by our subsidiaries to further taxation.

The inability of our subsidiaries to transfer cash to us may mean that, even though we may have sufficient resources on a consolidated
basis to meet our obligations, we may not be permitted to make the necessary transfers from subsidiaries to us in order to provide funds for the payment of our obligations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements
other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding contract backlog, fleet status, our financial position, business strategy, timing or results of acquisitions or dispositions, a potential Separation, including any related
potential IPO, of our standard specification business (including form, timing and fleet composition), repayment of debt, borrowings under our credit facilities or other instruments, completion, delivery dates and acceptance of our newbuild rigs,
future capital expenditures, contract commitments, dayrates, contract commencements, extension or renewals, contract tenders, the outcome of any dispute, litigation, audit or investigation, plans and objectives of management for future operations,
foreign currency requirements, results of joint ventures, indemnity and other contract claims, construction and upgrade of rigs, industry conditions, access to financing, impact of competition, governmental regulations and permitting, availability
of labor, worldwide economic conditions, taxes and tax rates, indebtedness covenant compliance, dividends and distributable reserves, and timing for compliance with any new regulations are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the
words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “should” and similar expressions are intended to be among the
statements that identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such expectations will prove to be correct. These factors include
those described in “Risk Factors” above, or in our other SEC filings, among others. Such risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks when you are evaluating us.