.

You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could affect our business,
operating results and financial condition, as well as affect an investment in our shares.

 Relating to Our Business

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is
significantly affected by volatile oil and gas prices.

Demand for drilling services depends on a variety of economic and political factors and the
level of activity in offshore oil and gas exploration and development and production markets
worldwide. Commodity prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices, may
significantly affect this level of activity. However, higher prices do not necessarily translate
into increased drilling activity since our clients’ expectations of future commodity prices
typically drive demand for our rigs. Oil and gas prices are extremely volatile and are affected by
numerous factors beyond our control, including:

•

laws and regulations related to environmental or energy security matters, including
those addressing alternative energy sources and the risks of global climate change;

9

Table of Contents

•

the political environment of oil-producing regions, including uncertainty or instability
resulting from civil disorder, an outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or acts of
war or terrorism;

•

worldwide demand for oil and gas, which is impacted by changes in the rate of economic
growth in the global economy;

•

the ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing;

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

•

the laws and regulations of governments regarding exploration and development of their
oil and gas reserves or speculation regarding future laws or regulations;

•

the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and gas;

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves;

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves;

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity;

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital;

•

adverse weather conditions (such as hurricanes and monsoons) and seas;

•

the development and exploitation of alternative fuels;

•

tax laws, regulations and policies;

•

advances in exploration, development and production technology; and

•

the availability of, and access to, suitable locations from which our customers can
produce hydrocarbons.

Demand for our drilling services may decrease due to events beyond our control and some of our
customers could seek to cancel, terminate or renegotiate their contracts.

Our business could be impacted by events beyond our control including changes in our
customers’ drilling programs or budgets or their liquidity (including access to capital), changes
in, or prolonged reductions of, prices for oil and gas, or shifts in the relative strength of
various geographic drilling markets brought on by economic slowdown, or regional or worldwide
recession, any of which could result in deterioration in demand for our drilling services. In
addition, our customers may cancel drilling contracts or letter agreements or letters of intent for
drilling contracts, or exercise early termination rights found in some of our drilling contracts or
available under local law, for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control.
Depending upon market conditions, our customers may also seek renegotiation of firm drilling
contracts to reduce their obligations. If the level of demand for our drilling services or
conditions in the offshore contract drilling industry decline, our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts.

We have a number of contracts that will expire in 2012 and 2013. Our ability to renew these
contracts or obtain new contracts and the terms of any such contracts will depend on market
conditions and our customers. We may be unable to renew our expiring contracts or obtain new
contracts for the rigs under contracts that have expired or been terminated, and the dayrates under
any new contracts may be below, perhaps substantially below, the existing dayrates, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

Our global operations involve additional risks.

We operate in various regions throughout the world that may expose us to political and other
uncertainties, including risks of:

•

terrorist acts, war, revolution and civil disturbances;

•

seizure, nationalization or expropriation of property or equipment;

•

monetary policies, government debt downgrades and potential defaults, and foreign
currency fluctuations and devaluations;

•

the inability to repatriate income or capital;

•

complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations;

•

piracy;

•

import-export quotas, wage and price controls, imposition of trade barriers and other
forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control;

•

regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions; and

•

changing taxation policies.

10

Table of Contents

Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate,
including laws and regulations relating to:

•

the importing, exporting, equipping and operation of drilling units;

•

repatriation of foreign earnings;

•

currency exchange controls;

•

oil and gas exploration and development;

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors.

Our ability to do business in a number of jurisdictions is subject to maintaining required
licenses and permits and complying with applicable laws and regulations. For example, as of
December 31, 2011, all three of our rigs operating in Nigeria were operating under temporary import
permits and the Department of Petroleum Resources had not yet issued our Nigerian subsidiary a
permit to operate as an oil industry service company or licenses to operate the three rigs for year
2012. It is customary in Nigeria that permits and licenses are issued well into the year to which
they pertain and, to date, we have been successful in obtaining new, or extending existing,
temporary import permits and other permits and licenses. However, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to obtain new permits or further extensions of permits necessary to continue the
operation of our rigs in Nigeria. If we cannot obtain a new permit or an extension necessary to
continue operations of any rig, we may need to cease operations under the drilling contract for
such rig and relocate such rig from Nigerian waters. We cannot predict what impact these events may
have on any such contract or our business in Nigeria, and we could face additional fines and
sanctions in Nigeria. Furthermore, we cannot predict what changes, if any, relating to temporary
import permit policies and procedures may be established or implemented in Nigeria in the future,
or how any such changes may impact our business there. For additional information regarding our
completed internal investigation of our Nigerian operations and the status of our temporary import
permits in Nigeria, see “Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 —
Commitments and Contingencies.” Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with the laws
and regulations of the countries where we operate, including Nigeria, may negatively impact our
operations in those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.

In April 2010, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Bill was signed into law.
The law is designed to create Nigerian content in operations and transactions within the Nigerian
oil and gas industry. The law sets forth certain requirements for asset ownership and the
utilization of Nigerian human resources and goods and services in oil and gas projects and creates
a Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board to implement and monitor the law and develop
regulations pursuant to the law. The Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board has
indicated that it will require all non-Nigerian offshore drilling companies to reorganize their
local operations to include Nigerian indigenous minority interests in the operating assets and to
obtain the approval of the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board for future work in
Nigeria. The law also establishes a Nigerian Content Development Fund to fund the implementation of
the law, and requires that one percent of the value of every contract awarded in the Nigerian oil
and gas industry be paid into the fund. We are monitoring closely the implementation of the law
and are reviewing our structural and strategic alternatives and the associated cost. We cannot
predict what impact the new law will have on the drilling industry and our existing or future
operations in Nigeria, but the effect on our operations and profitability in the region could be
material.

The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (“NIMASA”) is seeking to collect a
two percent surcharge on contract amounts under contracts performed by “vessels”, within the
meaning of Nigeria’s cabotage laws, engaged in the Nigerian coastal shipping trade. Although we do
not believe that these laws apply to our ownership of drilling units, NIMASA is seeking to apply a
provision of the Nigerian cabotage laws to our offshore drilling units by considering these units
to be “vessels”. Following a series of suits, the Federal High Court of Lagos, Nigeria has issued
a favorable ruling in response to our originating summons stating that our drilling operations do
not fall within the cabotage laws and that our drilling rigs are not “vessels” for purposes of
those laws. The court also issued an injunction against NIMASA prohibiting their interference with
our drilling rigs or drilling operations. NIMASA has appealed the court’s ruling. We intend to take
all further appropriate legal action to resist the application of Nigeria’s cabotage laws to our
drilling units. The outcome of any such legal action and the extent to which we may ultimately be
responsible for the surcharge is uncertain. If it is ultimately determined that offshore drilling
units constitute “vessels” within the meaning of the Nigerian cabotage laws, we may be required to
pay the surcharge and comply with other aspects of the Nigerian cabotage laws, which could
adversely affect our operations in Nigerian waters and require us to incur additional costs of
compliance. For additional information regarding these actions relating to the application of the
cabotage laws, see “Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16—
Commitments and Contingencies.”

11

Table of Contents

NIMASA had previously informed the Nigerian Content Division of its position that we were
not in compliance with the cabotage laws. The Nigerian Content Division makes determinations of
companies’ compliance with applicable local content regulations for purposes of government
contracting, including contracting for services in connection with oil and gas concessions where
the Nigerian national oil company is a partner. The Nigerian Content Division had previously
barred us from participating in tenders for new projects as a result of NIMASA’s allegations, but
we are currently able to participate based on the court’s ruling in our favor. However, no
assurance can be given with respect to our ability to bid for future work in Nigeria until our
dispute with NIMASA is resolved.

In addition, other governmental actions, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause
oil price volatility. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected
the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In
addition, some governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local
contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or
purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our ability
to compete and our results of operations.

The U.S. government’s regulations and permitting process could continue to have a prolonged
and material adverse impact on our U.S. Gulf of Mexico operations.

Subsequent to the April 2010 fire and explosion on the Deepwater Horizon, a competitor’s
drilling rig in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, U.S. governmental authorities implemented a moratorium on
and suspension of specified types of drilling activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. In October
2010, the U.S. government lifted the moratorium following adoption of new regulations including a
drilling safety rule and a workplace safety rule, each of which imposed multiple obligations
relating to offshore drilling operations. These obligations relate to, among other things;
additional certifications and verifications relating to compliance with applicable regulations,
compatibility of blowout preventers with drilling rigs and well design, third-party inspections and
design review of blowout preventers, testing of casing installations, minimum requirements for
personnel operating blowout preventers and training in deepwater well control. BSEE’s predecessor
agency also proposed to further strengthen these regulations in September 2011. Although the BOEM
and the BSEE (and their predecessor agency) began issuing new deepwater drilling well permits in
mid-2011, there has been a delay in receiving permits and the new regulatory requirements have
resulted in delays in the resumption of drilling-related activities, and we anticipate that there
will continue to be such delays as these various requirements are fully implemented. Such delays
could be exacerbated by potential third party environmental lawsuits targeting the permitting
process and the new drilling regulations.

The U.S. government has mandated that before beginning a well in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico an
operator must: (i) demonstrate that containment resources are available promptly in the event of a
deepwater blowout, (ii) have the chief executive officer of the operator seeking to perform
deepwater drilling certify that the operator has complied with all applicable regulations and (iii)
allow BSEE to conduct inspections of such deepwater drilling operation for compliance with the
applicable regulations. During the first half of 2011, our customers and other operators struggled
to implement these new regulations, which resulted in increased downtime and decreased rates for a
number of our contracted units. While it appears that operators have become accustomed to these
new regulations, we cannot predict whether the permitting will continue at the current rate in the
future.

Our existing U.S. Gulf of Mexico operations have been negatively impacted by the events,
governmental actions and the related industry response described above. U.S. governmental
restrictions and regulations have, and may continue to result in, increased expense and downtime of
our operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico as additional maintenance and redundancy measures are
required. Additionally, increased costs for our customers’ operations, along with permitting
delays, could negatively affect the economics of currently planned or future exploration and
development activity, and result in a reduction in demand for our services.

Governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, may add to
our costs or limit our drilling activity.

Our business is affected by public policy and laws and regulations relating to the energy
industry and the environment in the geographic areas where we operate.

The drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration and
production industry, and accordingly, we are directly affected by the adoption of laws and
regulations that for economic, environmental or other policy reasons curtail exploration and
development drilling for oil and gas. We may be required to make significant capital expenditures
to comply with governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible that these laws and
regulations may in the future add significantly to our operating costs or significantly limit
drilling activity. Governments in some foreign countries are increasingly active in regulating and
controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas, and other aspects of the
oil and gas industries.

Additionally, there is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the
issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gases. For further discussion, see “Part I,
Item 1. Business — Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters.” The modification of
existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations that result in the
curtailment of exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas could materially and adversely
affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities or imposing materially increased costs.

Our operations are also subject to numerous laws and regulations controlling the discharge of
materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. As a
result, the application of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations by increasing our cost of doing business, discouraging our customers from drilling for
hydrocarbons or subjecting us to liability. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore
drilling units in navigable U.S. waters and certain offshore areas, including the U.S. Outer
Continental Shelf, are liable for damages and for the cost of removing oil spills for which we may
be held responsible, subject to certain limitations. Our operations may involve the use or
handling of materials that are classified as environmentally hazardous. Laws and regulations
protecting the environment have generally become more stringent and in certain circumstances impose
“strict liability”, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence
or fault. Environmental laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of or
conditions caused by others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the
time they were performed.

Worldwide instability in the financial and credit sectors and economic recession could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Worldwide instability in the financial and credit sectors could reduce the availability of
liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business operations
worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with substantial losses in worldwide
equity markets could lead to another global economic recession. A slowdown in economic activity
caused by a worldwide recession, combined with lower prices for oil and gas, would reduce worldwide
demand for energy and demand for drilling services. If demand for drilling services declines
again, we could experience a decline in dayrates for new

12

Table of Contents

contracts
and a slowing in the pace of new contract activity. Demand for our services depends on oil and natural gas industry activity
and expenditure levels that are directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices. Demand
for our services is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development, and production
activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. Any
prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices or material impairment of our customers’ cash
flow or liquidity, including their access to capital, could result in lower levels of exploration,
development and production activity. Lower levels of exploration activity could result in a
corresponding decline in the demand for our drilling services, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The financial situation
may also adversely affect the ability of shipyards to meet scheduled deliveries of our newbuilds
and our ability to renew our fleet through new vessel construction projects and conversion
projects.

We are substantially dependent on several of our customers including Shell, Petrobras and
Pemex, and the loss of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

We estimate Shell, Petrobras and Pemex represented approximately 63 percent, 20 percent and 5
percent, respectively, of our backlog at December 31, 2011 and revenues from Shell, Petrobras and
Pemex accounted for approximately 24 percent, 18 percent and 15 percent of our total operating
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2011. This concentration of customers increases the risks
associated with any possible termination or nonperformance of contracts in addition to our exposure
to credit risk. If any of these customers were to terminate or fail to perform their obligations
under their contracts and we were not able to find other customers for the affected drilling units
promptly, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Construction, conversion or upgrades of rigs are subject to risks, including delays and cost
overruns, which could have an adverse impact on our available cash resources and results of
operations.

We currently have multiple new construction projects and conversion projects underway and we
may undertake additional projects in the future. In addition, we make significant upgrade,
refurbishment and repair expenditures to our fleet from time to time, particularly as our rigs
become older. Some of these expenditures are unplanned. These projects and other efforts of this
type are subject to risks of cost overruns or delays inherent in any large construction project as
a result of numerous factors, including the following:

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

•

work stoppages and labor disputes;

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment;

•

local customs strikes or related work slowdowns that could delay importation of
equipment or materials;

•

weather interferences;

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or approvals or in meeting permit or
approval conditions;

•

design and engineering problems;

•

latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of
engineering estimates and assumptions;

•

unforeseen increases in the cost of equipment, labor and raw materials, particularly
steel;

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders;

•

client acceptance delays;

•

disputes with shipyards and suppliers;

•

delays in, or inability to obtain, access to funding;

•

shipyard availability, failures and difficulties, including as a result of financial
problems of shipyards or their subcontractors; and

•

failure or delay of third-party equipment vendors or service providers.

The failure to complete a rig upgrade or new construction on time, or the inability to
complete a rig conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications, may, in
some circumstances, result in loss of revenues, penalties, or delay, renegotiation or cancellation
of a drilling contract or the recognition of an asset impairment. Additionally, capital
expenditures for rig upgrade, refurbishment and construction projects could materially exceed our
planned capital expenditures. Moreover, our rigs undergoing upgrade, refurbishment and repair may
not earn a dayrate during the period they are out of service.

13

Table of Contents

We could be adversely affected by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws and our
failure to comply with the terms of our settlement agreements with the DOJ and SEC.

We operate in a number of countries throughout the world, including countries known to have a
reputation for corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable
anti-corruption laws and our code of business conduct and ethics. We are subject, however, to the
risk that we, our affiliated entities or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents
may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (“FCPA”) and similar laws in other countries. Any violation
of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could result in substantial fines, sanctions,
civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, actual or
alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Further, detecting,
investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant
time and attention of our senior management.

In 2007, we began an internal investigation of the legality under the FCPA of certain
activities in Nigeria. In November 2010, we finalized settlements of this matter with each of the
SEC and the DOJ. Under the settlements with the DOJ and SEC, we agreed to, among other things, pay
certain fines and interest and disgorge certain profits, cooperate with the DOJ, comply with the
FCPA, comply with certain self-reporting and annual reporting obligations and comply with an
injunction restraining us from violating the anti-bribery, books and records and internal controls
provisions of the FCPA. Our ability to comply with the terms of the settlements is dependent on
the success of our ongoing compliance program, including our ability to continue to manage our
agents and supervise, train and retain competent employees, and the efforts of our employees to
comply with applicable law and our code of business conduct and ethics.

Also, in January 2011, the Nigerian Economic and Financial Crimes Commission and the Nigerian
Attorney General Office initiated an investigation into these same activities. A subsidiary of
Noble-Swiss resolved this matter through the execution of a non-prosecution agreement dated January
28, 2011. Pursuant to this agreement, the subsidiary paid $2.5 million to resolve all charges and
claims of the Nigerian government.

Any additional
investigation by these or other agencies could damage our reputation and result
in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties and
curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely affect
our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, resolving
any additional investigations could be expensive and consume significant time
and attention of our senior management. For instance, in February 2012,
the SEC charged one current and two former employees of ours with violating the
FCPA in connection with the events that were the subject of the internal
investigations we began in 2007, as described above. We do not believe that the
SEC pleadings against these individuals introduce material facts that were not
addressed in our internal investigation, which we resolved with the SEC and the
DOJ in November 2010. We are not a party to the SEC proceedings against
these individuals, and we do not believe the charges against the individuals
will result in fines, sanctions or civil or criminal penalties against us.
However, these actions may consume the attention of management and damage our
reputation. 

Possible changes in tax laws could affect us and our shareholders.

We are a Swiss company and operate through various subsidiaries in numerous countries
throughout the world. Consequently, we are subject to changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations
or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in Switzerland, the U.S. or jurisdictions in which we
or any of our subsidiaries operate or are incorporated.

Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Consequently, we
are subject to changing tax laws, treaties and regulations in and between countries in which we
operate. Our income tax expense is based upon our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in
various countries at the time that the expense was incurred. If these laws, treaties or regulations
change or other taxing authorities do not agree with our assessment of the effects of such laws,
treaties and regulations, this could have a material adverse effect on us, including the imposition
of a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings or a reclassification of the tax impact of
our significant corporate restructuring transactions.

In addition, the manner in which our shareholders are taxed on distributions on, and
dispositions of, our shares could be affected by changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations or
the interpretation or enforcement thereof in Switzerland, the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which
our shareholders are resident. Any such changes could result in increased taxes for our
shareholders and affect the trading price of our shares.

14

Table of Contents

Our business involves numerous operating hazards.

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling business, including
blowouts, fires and collisions or groundings of offshore equipment, and damage or loss from adverse
weather and seas. These hazards could cause personal injury or loss of life, suspend drilling
operations or seriously damage or destroy the property and equipment involved, result in claims by
employees, customers or third parties and, in addition to causing
 environmental damage, could cause substantial damage to oil and natural gas producing
formations or facilities. Operations also may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns,
abnormal drilling conditions, and failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services,
or personnel shortages. Damage to the environment could also result from our operations,
particularly through oil spillage or extensive uncontrolled fires. We may also be subject to
damage claims by oil and gas companies.

The contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business with intense
price competition. If we are not able to compete successfully, our profitability may be reduced.

The offshore contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business
characterized by high capital and maintenance costs. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded
on a competitive bid basis. Intense price competition, rig availability, location and suitability,
experience of the workforce, efficiency, safety performance record, technical capability and
condition of equipment, operating integrity, reputation, industry standing and client relations are
all factors in determining which contractor is awarded a job. Mergers among oil and natural gas
exploration and production companies from time to time may reduce the number of available clients,
resulting in increased price competition.

Our industry has historically been cyclical. There have been periods of high demand, short
rig supply and high dayrates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and low
dayrates. Periods of excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and may result in
some of our rigs being idle for long periods of time. Prolonged periods of low utilization and low
dayrates could result in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if
future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate
that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable.

The increase in supply created by the number of rigs being built, as well as changes in our
competitors’ drilling rig fleets, could intensify price competition and require higher capital
investment to keep our rigs competitive. In addition, the supply attributable to newbuild rigs,
especially those being built on speculation, could cause a reduction in future dayrates. We are
experiencing competition from newbuild jackups that are scheduled to enter the market in 2012 and
beyond. The entry of these newbuild jackups into the market may result in lower dayrates for
jackups than currently expected. Similarly, there are a number of deepwater newbuilds that are
scheduled to enter the market over the next several years, which could also adversely affect the
dayrates for these units.

As a result of our significant cash flow needs, we may be required to incur additional
indebtedness, or delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures.

Our currently anticipated cash flow needs may include the following:

•

committed capital expenditures, including expenditures for newbuild projects
currently underway;

•

normal recurring operating expenses;

•

discretionary capital expenditures, including various capital upgrades;

•

potential newbuild projects and acquisitions; and

•

payments of dividends.

In order to fund our capital expenditures, we may need funding beyond the amount available to
us from cash generated by our operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our existing bank
credit facilities. We may raise such additional capital in a number of ways, including accessing
capital markets, obtaining additional lines of credit or disposing of assets. However, we can
provide no assurance that any of these options will be available to us on terms acceptable to us or
at all.

Our ability to obtain financing or to access the capital markets may be limited by our
financial condition at the time of any such financing and the covenants in our existing debt
agreements, as well as by adverse market conditions resulting from, among other things, general
economic conditions and uncertainties that are beyond our control. Even if we are successful in
obtaining additional capital through debt financings, incurring additional indebtedness may
significantly increase our interest expense and may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing
business and economic conditions or to fund working capital needs, because we will require
additional funds to service our outstanding indebtedness.

15

Table of Contents

We may delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures, which could have certain adverse
consequences including delaying upgrades or equipment purchases that could make the affected rigs
less competitive, adversely affect customer relationships and negatively impact our ability to
contract such rigs.

We may have difficulty obtaining or maintaining insurance in the future and our insurance
coverage and contractual indemnity rights may not protect us against all of the risks and hazards
we face.

We generally identify the operational hazards for which we will procure insurance coverage
based on the likelihood of loss, the potential magnitude of loss, the cost of coverage, the
requirements of our customer contracts and applicable legal requirements. We do not procure
insurance coverage for all of the potential risks and hazards we may face. Furthermore, no
assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain insurance against all of the risks and
hazards we face or that we will be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance at rates and with
deductibles or retention amounts that we consider commercially reasonable.

Although we maintain what we believe to be an appropriate level of insurance covering hazards
and risks we currently encounter during our operations, we do not insure against all possible
hazards and risks. Furthermore, our insurance carriers may interpret our insurance policies such
that they do not cover losses for which we make claims. Our insurance policies may also have
exclusions of coverage for some losses. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities
prohibited by U.S. laws, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to property onboard our rigs and
losses relating to shore-based terrorist acts or strikes.

In addition, the damage sustained to offshore oil and gas assets as a result of hurricanes in
recent years caused the insurance market for U.S. named windstorm perils to deteriorate
significantly. Consequently, we currently self-insure U.S. named windstorm coverage for our units
deployed in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. If one or more future significant weather-related events occur
in the Gulf of Mexico, or in any other geographic area in which we operate, we may experience
increases in insurance costs, additional coverage restrictions or unavailability of certain
insurance products.

Under our drilling contracts, liability with respect to personnel and property is customarily
assigned on a “knock-for-knock” basis, which means that we and our customers assume liability for
our respective personnel and property, irrespective of the fault or negligence of the party
indemnified. Although our drilling contracts generally provide for indemnification from our
customers for certain liabilities, including liabilities resulting from pollution or contamination
originating below the surface of the water, enforcement of these contractual rights to indemnity
may be limited by public policy and other considerations and, in any event, may not adequately
cover our losses from such incidents. There can also be no assurance that those parties with
contractual obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be in a financial position to do so.

Although we maintain insurance in the geographic areas in which we operate, pollution,
reservoir damage and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Our insurance policies
may not adequately cover our losses or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. We do not
have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks, including loss of hire insurance on
most of the rigs in our fleet. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by
U.S. laws and regulations, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to property onboard our rigs
and losses relating to shore-based terrorist acts or strikes. If a significant accident or other
event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could adversely
affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

16

Table of Contents

Failure to attract and retain highly skilled personnel or an increase in personnel costs could
hurt our operations.

We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for
our drilling units. As the demand for drilling services and the size of the worldwide industry
fleet increases, shortages of qualified personnel have occurred from time to time. These shortages
could result in our loss of qualified personnel to competitors, impair our ability to attract and
retain qualified personnel for our new or existing drilling units, impair the timeliness and
quality of our work and create upward pressure on personnel costs, any of which could adversely
affect our operations.

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to
us.

We may experience currency exchange losses where revenues are received or expenses are paid in
nonconvertible currencies or where we do not hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also
incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible
currency available to the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over
the repatriation of income or capital.

We are subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on us.

We are, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include,
among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, asbestos and other toxic tort
claims, environmental claims or proceedings, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or
duties, and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. Although we
intend to defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect
of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome
of any litigation. Litigation may have an adverse effect on us because of potential negative
outcomes, costs of attorneys, the allocation of management’s time and attention, and other factors.

Forward-Looking Statements

This report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section
27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this
report regarding the Frontier transaction and integration, contract backlog, fleet status, our
financial position, business strategy, timing or results of acquisitions or dispositions, backlog,
completion and acceptance of our newbuild rigs, contract commitments, dayrates, contract
commencements, extension or renewals, contract tenders, the outcome of any dispute, litigation or
investigation, plans and objectives of management for future operations, foreign currency
requirements, results of

17

Table of Contents

joint
ventures, indemnity and other contract claims, construction of rigs, industry conditions including the
effect of disruptions of drilling in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, access to financing, impact of
competition, governmental regulations and permitting, availability of labor, worldwide economic
conditions, taxes and tax rates, indebtedness covenant compliance, and timing for compliance with
any new regulations are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words
“anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “should” and
similar expressions are intended to be among the statements that identify forward-looking
statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such expectations will prove to be correct. These factors
include those described in “Risk Factors” above, or in our other SEC filings, among others. Such
risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks when you are
evaluating us.