. 

You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to
the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as affect an investment in our shares. 

 Relating to Our Business 

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry. Adverse developments affecting the industry, including a
decline in oil or gas prices, reduced demand for oil and gas products and increased regulation of drilling and production, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Demand for drilling services depends on a variety of economic and political factors and the level of activity in offshore oil and gas
exploration and development and production markets worldwide. Commodity prices, including oil and gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices, may significantly affect this level of activity, as well as dayrates for our
services. However, higher prices do not necessarily translate into increased drilling activity because our clients’ expectations of future commodity prices typically drive demand for our rigs. Oil and gas prices and the level of activity in
offshore oil and gas exploration and development are extremely volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including: 

•

the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

•

potential acceleration in the development, and the price and availability, of alternative fuels; 

•

increased supply of oil and gas resulting from growing onshore hydraulic fracturing activity and shale development; 

•

worldwide production and demand for oil and gas, which are impacted by changes in the rate of economic growth in the global economy; 

•

the ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries; 

•

worldwide financial instability or recessions; 

•

regulatory restrictions or any moratorium on offshore drilling; 

•

expectations regarding future energy prices; 

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves either onshore or offshore; 

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity; 

•

oil refining capacity; 

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

•

worldwide instability in the financial and credit sectors and a reduction in the availability of liquidity and credit; 

•

the relative cost of offshore drilling versus onshore oil and gas production; 

•

advances in exploration, development and production technology either onshore or offshore; 

•

technical advances affecting energy consumption, including the displacement of hydrocarbons through increasing transportation fuel efficiencies; 

•

merger and divestiture activity among oil and gas producers; 

•

the availability of, and access to, suitable locations from which our customers can produce hydrocarbons; 

•

adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, typhoons, winter storms and rough seas; 

•

tax laws, regulations and policies; 

•

laws and regulations related to environmental matters, including those addressing alternative energy sources and the risks of global climate change; 

•

the political environment of oil-producing regions, including uncertainty or instability resulting from civil disorder, an outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or acts of war or terrorism; and 

•

the laws and regulations of governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves or speculation regarding future laws or regulations. 

Adverse developments affecting the industry as a result of one or more of these factors, including a decline in oil or gas prices (such as the
decline since June 2014, any further decline, or the failure of oil prices to recover from their current levels), a global recession, reduced demand for oil and gas products, increased supply due to the development of new onshore drilling and
production technologies, and increased regulation of drilling and production, particularly if several developments were to occur in a short period of time, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
The contract drilling industry is a highly competitive and cyclical business with intense price competition. If we are
unable to compete successfully, our profitability may be materially reduced. 

The offshore contract drilling industry is a highly
competitive and cyclical business characterized by high capital and operating costs and evolving capability of newer rigs. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Intense price competition, rig availability, location
and suitability, experience of the workforce, efficiency, safety performance record, technical capability and condition of equipment, operating integrity, reputation, industry standing and client relations are all factors in determining which
contractor is awarded a job. Our future success and profitability will partly depend upon our ability to keep pace with our customers’ demands with respect to these factors. If current competitors, or new market entrants, implement new
technical capabilities, services or standards that are more attractive to our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition to intense competition, our industry has historically been cyclical. The contract drilling industry is currently in a period
characterized by low demand for drilling services and excess rig supply. Periods of low demand or excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and may result in some of our rigs being idle or earning substantially lower dayrates
for long periods of times. We cannot provide you with any assurances as to when such period will end, or when there will be higher demand for contract drilling services or a reduction in the number of drilling rigs. 

12 

Table of Contents

An over-supply of rigs may lead to a reduction in dayrates and demand for our rigs and,
therefore, may adversely impact our revenues and profitability. 

Prior to the recent downturn, we experienced a period of high
utilization and high dayrates, and industry participants increased the supply of drilling rigs by building new drilling rigs, including some drilling rigs that have not yet entered service. This increase in supply, combined with the decrease in
demand for drilling rigs resulting from the substantial decline in the price of oil since June 2014, has resulted in an oversupply of drilling rigs, which has contributed to the recent decline in utilization and dayrates. 

We are currently experiencing competition from newbuild rigs that have either already entered the market or are scheduled to enter the market
in 2015 and beyond. The entry of these rigs into the market has resulted in lower dayrates for both newbuilds and experienced rigs rolling off their current contracts. Lower utilization and dayrates adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
In addition, our competitors may relocate rigs to markets in which we operate, which could exacerbate excess rig supply which may lower dayrates and utilization in those markets. To the extent that the drilling rigs currently under construction or
on order have not been contracted for future work, there may be increased price competition as such vessels become operational, which could lead to a further reduction in dayrates and in utilization, and we may be required to idle additional
drilling rigs. 
We may record additional losses or impairment charges related to sold or idle rigs. 

Prolonged periods of low utilization or low dayrates, the cold stacking of idle assets, the sale of assets below their then carrying value or
the decline in market value of our assets may cause us to experience losses. If future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of any of our rigs may not be recoverable or if
we sell assets for less than their then carrying value, we may recognize additional impairment charges on our fleet. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we decided that we would discontinue marketing the Noble Driller, 
Noble Paul
Wolff and 
Noble Jim Thompson. In connection with this decision, we recorded an impairment charge of $685 million on these three units. 

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain contracts for our uncontracted newbuilds, and our customers may
terminate or seek to renegotiate or repudiate our drilling contracts. 

We have a number of customer contracts that will expire in
2015 and 2016. Our ability to renew these contracts or obtain new contracts and the terms of any such contracts will depend on market conditions and our customers. During the fourth quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015, a number of oil and
gas companies, including some of our customers, have publicly announced significant reductions in their planned exploration and development spending during 2015 and beyond. These reductions in spending could further reduce the demand for contract
drilling services and as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
In
addition, the Noble Sam Hartley, a newbuild heavy-duty, harsh environment jackup that is currently undergoing post-delivery modifications in the shipyard, does not have a customer contract. We will attempt to secure a contract for this unit
prior to the completion of the modification project, but we may be unable to obtain a contract for this rig. In addition, for our rigs under contract that have expired or have been terminated by our customers, we may be unable to secure extensions
or new contracts, or in the alternative, may receive dayrates under new contracts which may be below, perhaps substantially below, the existing dayrates. This would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Our customers may generally terminate our term drilling contracts if a drilling rig is destroyed or lost or if we have to suspend drilling
operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party. In the case of nonperformance and under certain other conditions, our drilling
contracts generally allow our customers to terminate without any payment to us. The terms of some of our drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate the contract after a specified notice period by tendering contractually specified
termination amounts and, in some cases, without any payment. These termination payments may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. The early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended period of time and a
reduction in our contract backlog and associated revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, during periods of depressed market conditions, such as the one we are currently experiencing and which we expect to continue
during 2015, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers seeking to renegotiate or repudiate their contracts. Our customers’ ability to perform their obligations under drilling contracts with us may also be adversely affected by
restricted credit markets, economic downturns and industry downturns, such as the one we are currently experiencing. If our customers cancel or are unable to renew some of their contracts and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis
and on substantially similar terms, if contracts are disputed or suspended for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

We can provide no assurance that our current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be
ultimately realized. 

Generally, contract backlog only includes future revenues under firm commitments; however, from time to time,
we may report anticipated commitments under letters of intent or award for which definitive agreements have not yet been, but are expected to be, executed. In addition, we may not receive some or all of the bonuses that we include in our backlog. We
can provide no assurance that we will be able to perform under these contracts due to events beyond our control or that we will be able to ultimately execute a definitive agreement in cases where one does not currently exist. Moreover, we can
provide no assurance that our customers will be able to or willing to fulfill their contractual commitments to us or that they will not seek to renegotiate or repudiate their contracts, especially during the current industry downturn. Our inability
to perform under our contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements or our customers’ inability or unwillingness to fulfill their contractual commitments to us, including as a result of contract repudiations during currently
depressed market conditions, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We
are substantially dependent on several of our customers, including Shell and Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. (“Freeport”), and the loss of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Any concentration of customers increases the risks associated with any possible termination or nonperformance of drilling
contracts, failure to renew contracts or award new contracts or reduction of their drilling programs. We estimate Shell and Freeport represented approximately 60 percent and 12 percent, respectively, of our backlog at December 31, 2014.
Revenues from Shell and Freeport accounted for approximately 55 percent and 4 percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014. This concentration of customers increases the risks associated
with any possible termination or nonperformance of contracts, in addition to our exposure to credit risk. If any of these customers were to terminate or fail to perform their obligations under their contracts and we were not able to find other
customers for the affected drilling units promptly, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business involves numerous operating hazards. 

Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the drilling business, including: 

•

well blowouts; 

•

fires; 

•

collisions or groundings of offshore equipment; 

•

punch-throughs; 

•

mechanical or technological failures; 

•

failure of our employees to comply with our internal environmental, health and safety guidelines; 

•

pipe or cement failures and casing collapses, which could release oil, gas or drilling fluids; 

•

geological formations with abnormal pressures; 

•

spillage handling and disposing of materials; and 

•

adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, typhoons, winter storms and rough seas. 

These hazards could cause personal injury or loss of life, suspend drilling operations, result in regulatory investigation or penalties,
seriously damage or destroy property and equipment, result in claims by employees, customers or third parties, cause environmental damage and cause substantial damage to oil and gas producing formations or facilities. Operations also may be
suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, and failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel shortages. The occurrence of any of the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks relating to operations in international locations. 

We operate in various regions throughout the world that may expose us to political and other uncertainties, including risks of: 

•

seizure, nationalization or expropriation of property or equipment; 

•

monetary policies, government credit rating downgrades and potential defaults, and foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations; 

•

limitations on the ability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations; 

•

repudiation, nullification, modification or renegotiation of contracts; 

•

limitations on insurance coverage, such as war risk coverage, in certain areas; 

•

import-export quotas, wage and price controls, imposition of trade barriers and other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control; 

•

delays in implementing private commercial arrangements as a result of government oversight; 

•

financial or operational difficulties in complying with foreign bureaucratic actions; 

•

changing taxation rules or policies; 

•

other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control and that create operational uncertainty; 

•

governmental corruption; 

•

piracy; and 

•

terrorist acts, war, revolution and civil disturbances. 

Further, we operate in certain
less-developed countries with legal systems that are not as mature or predictable as those in more developed countries, which can lead to greater uncertainty in legal matters and proceedings. Examples of challenges of operating in these countries
include: 

•

ongoing changes in Brazilian laws related to the importation of rigs and equipment that may impose bonding, insurance or duty-payment requirements; 

•

procedural requirements for temporary import permits, which may be difficult to obtain; 

•

the effect of certain temporary import permit regimes, where the duration of the permit does not coincide with the general term of the drilling contract; and 

•

ongoing claims in Brazil related to withholding taxes payable on our service contracts. 

Our
ability to do business in a number of jurisdictions is subject to maintaining required licenses and permits and complying with applicable laws and regulations. Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with the laws and regulations of
the countries where we operate may negatively impact our operations in those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In addition, other governmental actions, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil price volatility. In some areas of the
world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In addition, some governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to
local contractors, require use of a local agent, require partial local ownership or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our ability to compete
and our results of operations. 
Operating and maintenance costs of our rigs may be significant and may not correspond to revenue
earned. 

Our operating expenses and maintenance costs depend on a variety of factors including: crew costs, costs of provisions,
equipment, insurance, maintenance and repairs, and shipyard costs, many of which are beyond our control. Our total operating costs are generally related to the number of drilling rigs in operation and the cost level in each country or region where
such drilling rigs are located. Equipment maintenance costs fluctuate depending upon the type of activity that the drilling rig is performing and the age and condition of the equipment. Operating and maintenance costs will not necessarily fluctuate
in proportion to changes in operating revenues. While operating revenues may fluctuate as a function of changes in dayrate, costs for operating a rig may not be proportional to the dayrate received and may vary based on a variety of factors,
including the scope and length of required rig preparations and the duration of the contractual period over which such expenditures are amortized. Any investments in our rigs may not result in an increased dayrate for or income from such rigs. A
disproportionate amount of operating and maintenance costs in comparison to dayrates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

15 

Table of Contents

In connection with the Spin-off, we agreed to indemnify Paragon Offshore for certain
liabilities, and Paragon Offshore agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. We have significant exposure to losses resulting from this obligation, and there can be no assurances that the Paragon Offshore indemnities will be sufficient to
insure us against the full amount of the related liabilities, or that Paragon Offshore’s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligations will not be impaired in the future. 

We entered into certain agreements with Paragon Offshore in connection with the Spin-off, including a master separation agreement, tax sharing
agreement, transition services agreement and transition services agreement relating to our operations offshore Brazil. Pursuant to the agreements, we agreed to indemnify Paragon Offshore for certain liabilities, and Paragon Offshore agreed to
indemnify us for certain liabilities. We have significant exposure to losses resulting from our obligations under these agreements. Third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Paragon Offshore has agreed to
retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Paragon Offshore will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Paragon Offshore will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations.
Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Paragon Offshore any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. If Paragon Offshore is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the
underlying liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Following the Spin-off, we continue to rely on Paragon Offshore to assist us in operations offshore Brazil. In addition, Paragon
Offshore has significant payables owed to us in connection with the Spin-off and agreements executed in connection with our separation. 

Pursuant to the transition services agreement relating to our operations offshore Brazil, Paragon Offshore has agreed to provide local
administrative and operational services for rigs operating in Brazil at the time of the Spin-off. We currently have one rig in Brazil operating under this arrangement. In addition, in connection with the Spin-off, we executed a number of agreements
with Paragon Offshore that govern our relationship after the Spin-off. If Paragon Offshore is unable to perform under its obligations under the transition services agreement relating to our operations offshore Brazil or is unable or unwilling to
repay its obligations under the agreements executed in connection with our separation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, may add to our costs, result in delays, or limit our
drilling activity. 

Our business is affected by public policy and laws and regulations relating to the energy industry and the
environment in the geographic areas where we operate. 
The drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas
exploration and production industry, and accordingly, we are directly affected by the adoption of laws and regulations that for economic, environmental or other policy reasons curtail exploration and development drilling for oil and gas. We may be
required to make significant capital expenditures to comply with governmental laws and regulations. Governments in some foreign countries are increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and
gas, and other aspects of the oil and gas industries. There is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of GHGs. 

Our operations are also subject to numerous laws and regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise
relating to the protection of the environment. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations that result in the curtailment of exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas could materially and
adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities or imposing materially increased costs. As a result, the application of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by increasing our cost of doing
business, discouraging our customers from drilling for hydrocarbons, disrupting revenue through permitting or similar delays, or subjecting us to liability. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore drilling units in navigable U.S. waters
and certain offshore areas, including the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf, are liable for damages and for the cost of removing oil spills for which we may be held responsible, subject to certain limitations. Our operations may involve the use or
handling of materials that are classified as environmentally hazardous. Laws and regulations protecting the environment have generally become more stringent and in certain circumstances impose “strict liability”, rendering a person liable
for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault. Environmental laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time
they were performed. 

16 

Table of Contents

As disclosed in “Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 18
— Commitments and Contingencies”, in November 2012, the U.S. Coast Guard in Alaska conducted an inspection and investigation of the Noble Discoverer and the
 Kulluk, and referred the matters to the U.S. Department of Justice
(“DOJ”) for further investigation. In December 2014, a subsidiary reached a settlement with the DOJ regarding its investigation of the 
Noble Discoverer and the 
Kulluk. Under the terms of the plea agreement, the subsidiary
pled guilty to violations relating to maintaining proper oil record books for the 
Noble Discoverer and 
Kulluk, maintaining proper ballast records for the 
Noble Discoverer and notification of hazardous conditions with respect to
the 
Noble Discoverer. The subsidiary paid $8.2 million in fines and $4 million in community service payments and implemented a comprehensive environmental compliance plan. Under the plea agreement, we were also placed on probation for four
years. If during the term of probation, the subsidiary fails to adhere to the terms of the plea agreement, the DOJ may withdraw from the plea agreement and would be free to prosecute the subsidiary on all charges arising out of its investigation,
including any charges dismissed pursuant to the terms of the plea agreement, as well as potentially other charges. 

Any violation of
anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, or similar laws and regulations could result in significant expenses, divert management attention, and otherwise have a negative
impact on us. 

We operate in countries known to have a reputation for corruption. We are subject to the risk that we, our
affiliated entities or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or FCPA, the United Kingdom
Bribery Act 2010, or U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other countries. 
In 2010, we finalized settlements with the SEC and the DOJ
relating to certain reimbursement payments made by our then Nigerian affiliate to our customs agents in Nigeria in the years 2003 to 2007 and paid fines and penalties to the DOJ and the SEC. Any violation of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or other
applicable anti-corruption laws could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Further, detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of
our senior management. 
Changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with the certain laws and regulations may negatively
impact our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our operations are subject to various
laws and regulations in countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to: 

•

the importing, exporting, equipping and operation of drilling rigs; 

•

repatriation of foreign earnings; 

•

currency exchange controls; 

•

oil and gas exploration and development; 

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and 

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors. 

Legal and
regulatory proceedings relating to the energy industry, and the complex government regulations to which our business is subject, have at times adversely affected our business and may do so in the future. Governmental actions and initiatives by OPEC
may continue to cause oil price volatility. In some areas of the world, this activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil companies, which may continue. In addition, some governments favor or
effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely
affect our ability to compete and our results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

Public and regulatory scrutiny of the energy industry has resulted in increased regulations being
either proposed or implemented. In addition, existing regulations might be revised or reinterpreted, new laws, regulations and permitting requirements might be adopted or become applicable to us, our rigs, our customers, our vendors or our service
providers, and future changes in laws and regulations could significantly increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to post additional
surety bonds to secure performance, tax, customs and other obligations relating to our rigs in jurisdictions where bonding requirements are already in effect and in other jurisdictions where we may operate in the future. These requirements would
increase the cost of operating in these countries, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse effects may continue as a result of the uncertainty of ongoing inquiries, investigations and court proceedings, or additional
inquiries and proceedings by federal or state regulatory agencies or private plaintiffs. In addition, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these inquiries or whether these inquiries will lead to additional legal proceedings against us, civil or
criminal fines or penalties, or other regulatory action, including legislation or increased permitting requirements. Legal proceedings or other matters against us, including environmental matters, suits, regulatory appeals, challenges to our permits
by citizen groups and similar matters, might result in adverse decisions against us. The result of such adverse decisions, either individually or in the aggregate, could be material and may not be covered fully or at all by insurance. 

Possible changes in tax laws could affect us and our shareholders. 

We operate through various subsidiaries in numerous countries throughout the world. Consequently, we are subject to changes in tax laws,
treaties or regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the United Kingdom, the U.S. or jurisdictions in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate or are incorporated. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and
Development (“OECD”) published a Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Action Plan (“BEPS”) in July 2013. BEPS seeks to reform the taxation of multinational companies. Although any recommendations made by the OECD are not
changes in tax law, this may result in unilateral country action which may be uncoordinated, may create double taxation and increase controversy, both of which would be adverse for the global economy and may result in a material adverse effect on
our financial statements. 
Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Our income tax expense is based upon
our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in various countries at the time that the expense was incurred. If these laws, treaties or regulations change or other taxing authorities do not agree with our assessment of the effects of such laws,
treaties and regulations, this could have a material adverse effect on us, resulting in a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings or a reclassification of the tax impact of our significant corporate restructuring transactions. 

In addition, the manner in which our shareholders are taxed on distributions on, and dispositions of, our shares could be affected by changes
in tax laws, treaties or regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in the United Kingdom, the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which our shareholders are resident. Any such changes could result in increased taxes for our shareholders
and affect the trading price of our shares. 
Operational interruptions or maintenance or repair work may cause our customers to
suspend or reduce payment of dayrates until operation of the respective drilling rig is resumed, which may lead to loss of revenue or termination or renegotiation of the drilling contract. 

If our drilling rigs are idle for reasons that are not related to the ability of the rig to operate, our customers are entitled to pay a
waiting, or standby, rate lower than the full operational rate. In addition, if our drilling rigs are taken out of service for maintenance and repair for a period of time exceeding the scheduled maintenance periods set forth in our drilling
contracts, we will not be entitled to payment of dayrates until the rig is able to work. Several factors could cause operational interruptions, including: 

•

breakdowns of equipment and other unforeseen engineering problems; 

•

work stoppages, including labor strikes; 

•

shortages of material and skilled labor; 

•

delays in repairs by suppliers; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

surveys by government and maritime authorities; 

•

periodic classification surveys; 

•

inability to obtain permits; 

•

severe weather, strong ocean currents or harsh operating conditions; and 

•

force majeure events. 

If the interruption of operations were to exceed a determined period
due to an event of force majeure, our customers have the right to pay a rate that is significantly lower than the waiting rate for a period of time, and, thereafter, may terminate the drilling contracts related to the subject rig. Suspension of
drilling contract payments, prolonged payment of reduced rates or termination of any drilling contract as a result of an interruption of operations as described herein could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

As a result of our significant cash flow needs, we may be required to incur additional
indebtedness, and in the event of lost market access, may have to delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures. 

Our
currently anticipated cash flow needs, both in the short-term and long-term, may include the following: 

•

normal recurring operating expenses; 

•

committed and discretionary capital expenditures; 

•

payments of dividends; 

•

repayment of maturing debt; and 

•

repurchase of shares. 

In the future, we may require funding for capital expenditures that is
beyond the amount available to us from cash generated by our operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our existing bank credit facilities and commercial paper program. We may raise such additional capital in a number of ways, including
accessing capital markets, obtaining additional lines of credit or disposing of assets. However, we can provide no assurance that any of these options will be available to us on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Our debt instruments could limit our operations and our debt level may limit our flexibility to obtain financing and pursue business
opportunities. Our ability to obtain financing or to access the capital markets may be limited by our financial condition and our credit ratings at the time of any such financing and the covenants in our existing debt agreements, as well as by
adverse market conditions resulting from, among other things, a depressed oil price, general economic conditions and uncertainties that are beyond our control. Even if we are successful in obtaining additional capital through debt financings,
incurring additional indebtedness may significantly increase our interest expense and may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund working capital needs, because we will require additional funds to
service our outstanding indebtedness. 
Access to our commercial paper program is dependent upon our credit ratings. A decline in our
credit ratings below investment grade would prohibit us from accessing the commercial paper market, and we would likely transfer our outstanding borrowings to our revolving credit facilities. Our revolving credit facilities have interest rates that
are generally higher than those found in the commercial paper market, which would result in increased interest expense in the future. 
In
addition, our revolving credit facilities have provisions which change the applicable interest rates based upon our credit ratings. If our credit ratings were to decline, the interest expense under our revolving credit facilities would increase.

We may delay or cancel discretionary capital expenditures, which could have certain adverse consequences including delaying upgrades or
equipment purchases that could make the affected rigs less competitive, adversely affect customer relationships and negatively impact our ability to contract such rigs. 

We may have difficulty obtaining or maintaining insurance in the future and our insurance coverage and contractual indemnity rights may
not protect us against all of the risks and hazards we face. 

We do not procure insurance coverage for all of the potential risks
and hazards we may face. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain insurance against all of the risks and hazards we face or that we will be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance at rates and with deductibles or
retention amounts that we consider commercially reasonable. 
Our insurance carriers may interpret our insurance policies such that they do
not cover losses for which we make claims. Our insurance policies may also have exclusions of coverage for some losses. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to
property onboard our rigs and losses relating to shorebased terrorist acts or strikes. Furthermore, the damage sustained to offshore oil and gas assets as a result of hurricanes in recent years has negatively impacted certain aspects of the energy
insurance market, resulting in more restrictive and expensive coverage for U.S. named windstorm perils. Accordingly, we have elected to significantly reduce the named windstorm insurance on our rigs operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Presently,
we insure the Noble Jim Thompson, 
Noble Amos Runner and 
Noble Driller for “total loss only” when caused by a named windstorm. For the 
Noble Bully I, our customer assumes the risk of loss due to a named
windstorm event, pursuant to the terms of the drilling contract, through the purchase of insurance coverage (provided that we are responsible for any deductible under such policy) or, at its option, the assumption of

20 

Table of Contents

the risk of loss up to the insured value in lieu of the purchase of such insurance. The remaining rigs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico are self-insured for named windstorm perils. Further, we may
decide to discontinue named windstorm insurance on all of our rigs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. If one or more future significant weather-related events occur in the Gulf of Mexico, or in any other geographic area in which we operate, we may
experience increases in insurance costs, additional coverage restrictions or unavailability of certain insurance products. 
Under our
drilling contracts, liability with respect to personnel and property is customarily assigned on a “knock-for-knock” basis, which means that we and our customers assume liability for our respective personnel and property, irrespective of
the fault or negligence of the party indemnified. Although our drilling contracts generally provide for indemnification from our customers for certain liabilities, including liabilities resulting from pollution or contamination originating below the
surface of the water, enforcement of these contractual rights to indemnity may be limited by public policy and other considerations and, in any event, may not adequately cover our losses from such incidents. There can also be no assurance that those
parties with contractual obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be in a financial position to do so. 
Although we maintain insurance
in the geographic areas in which we operate, pollution, reservoir damage and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Our insurance policies may not adequately cover our losses or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. We do
not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks, including loss of hire insurance on most of the rigs in our fleet. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations, radiation hazards,
certain loss or damage to property onboard our rigs and losses relating to shorebased terrorist acts or strikes. If a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A loss of a major tax dispute or a successful tax challenge to
our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our subsidiaries in certain countries could result in a higher tax rate on our worldwide earnings, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

Income tax returns that we file will be subject to review and examination. We will not recognize the benefit of income
tax positions we believe are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our subsidiaries
in certain countries, if the terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure, or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase
substantially and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
Construction, conversion or upgrades of rigs are
subject to risks, including delays and cost overruns, which could have an adverse impact on our available cash resources and results of operations. 

We currently have one remaining ongoing new construction project. In addition, we will continue to make significant upgrade, refurbishment and
repair expenditures to our fleet from time to time; some of which may be unplanned. Our customers may also require certain shipyard reliability upgrade projects for our rigs. These projects and other efforts of this type are subject to risks of cost
overruns or delays inherent in any large construction project as a result of numerous factors, including the following: 

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; 

•

work stoppages and labor disputes; 

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; 

•

local customs strikes or related work slowdowns that could delay importation of equipment or materials; 

•

weather interferences; 

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or approvals or in meeting permit or approval conditions; 

•

design and engineering problems; 

•

inadequate regulatory support infrastructure in the local jurisdiction; 

•

latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of engineering estimates and assumptions; 

•

unforeseen increases in the cost of equipment, labor and raw materials, particularly steel; 

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders; 

•

client acceptance delays; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

disputes with shipyards and suppliers; 

•

delays in, or inability to obtain, access to funding; 

•

shipyard availability, failures and difficulties, including as a result of financial problems of shipyards or their subcontractors; and 

•

failure or delay of third-party equipment vendors or service providers. 

The failure to
complete a rig repair, upgrade, refurbishment or new construction on time, or at all, or the inability to complete a rig conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications, may result in loss of revenues, penalties, or
delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling contract or the recognition of an asset impairment. Additionally, capital expenditures for rig repair, upgrade, refurbishment and construction projects could materially exceed our planned capital
expenditures. Moreover, when our rigs are undergoing upgrade, refurbishment and repair, they may not earn a dayrate during the period they are out of service. If we experience substantial delays and cost overruns in our shipyard projects, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations are subject to
numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and of human health and safety, and compliance with these laws and regulations could impose significant costs and liabilities that exceed our current expectations.

Substantial costs, liabilities, delays and other significant issues could arise from environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations covering our operations, and we may incur substantial costs and liabilities in maintaining compliance with such laws and regulations. Our operations are subject to extensive international conventions and treaties, and national or
federal, state and local laws and regulations, governing environmental protection, including with respect to the discharge of materials into the environment and the security of chemical and industrial facilities. These laws govern a wide range of
environmental issues, including: 

•

the release of oil, drilling fluids, natural gas or other materials into the environment; 

•

air emissions from our drilling rigs or our facilities; 

•

handling, cleanup and remediation of solid and hazardous wastes at our drilling rigs or our facilities or at locations to which we have sent wastes for disposal; 

•

restrictions on chemicals and other hazardous substances; and 

•

wildlife protection, including regulations that ensure our activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened animals, fish and plant species, nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species.

Various governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits
issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly actions. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits, or the release of oil or other materials into the environment, may result in the assessment of administrative, civil
and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, the imposition of stricter conditions on or revocation of permits, the issuance of moratoria or injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations, delays in granting
permits and cancellation of leases, or could affect our relationship with certain consumers. 
There is an inherent risk of the incurrence
of environmental costs and liabilities in our business, some of which may be material, due to the handling of our customers’ hydrocarbon products as they are gathered, transported, processed and stored, air emissions related to our operations,
historical industry operations, and water and waste disposal practices. Joint, several or strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental laws and regulations for the remediation of contaminated areas and in
connection with past, present or future spills or releases of natural gas, oil and wastes on, under, or from past, present or future facilities. Private parties may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek
damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. In addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies could materially increase our
compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against us. 

Our business may be adversely affected by increased costs due to stricter pollution control equipment requirements or liabilities resulting
from non-compliance with required operating or other regulatory permits. Also, we might not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for our operations. If there is a delay in obtaining any
required environmental regulatory approvals, or if we fail to obtain 

22 

Table of Contents

and comply with them, the operation or construction of our facilities could be prevented or become subject to additional costs. In addition, the steps we could be required to take to bring
certain facilities into regulatory compliance could be prohibitively expensive, and we might be required to shut down, divest or alter the operation of those facilities, which might cause us to incur losses. 

We make assumptions and develop expectations about possible expenditures related to environmental conditions based on current laws and
regulations and current interpretations of those laws and regulations. If the interpretation of laws or regulations, or the laws and regulations themselves, change, our assumptions may change, and new capital costs may be incurred to comply with
such changes. In addition, new environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our operations, as well as waste management and air emissions. For instance, governmental agencies could impose additional safety requirements, which could
affect our profitability. Further, new environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our customers, which in turn could affect our profitability. 

Finally, although some of our drilling rigs will be separately owned by our subsidiaries, under certain circumstances a parent company and all
of the unit-owning affiliates in a group under common control engaged in a joint venture could be held liable for damages or debts owed by one of the affiliates, including liabilities for oil spills under environmental laws. Therefore, it is
possible that we could be subject to liability upon a judgment against us or any one of our subsidiaries. 
Failure to attract and
retain skilled personnel or an increase in personnel costs could adversely affect our operations. 

We require skilled personnel to
operate and provide technical services and support for our drilling units. In the past, during periods of high demand for drilling services and increasing worldwide industry fleet size, shortages of qualified personnel have occurred. These shortages
could result in our loss of qualified personnel to competitors, impair our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel for our new or existing drilling units, impair the timeliness and quality of our work and create upward pressure on
personnel costs, any of which could adversely affect our operations. 
Any failure to comply with the complex laws and regulations
governing international trade could adversely affect our operations. 

The shipment of goods, services and technology across
international borders subjects our business to extensive trade laws and regulations. Import activities are governed by unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries of operation. Moreover, many countries, including the United States,
control the export and re-export of certain goods, services and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments also may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and other entities that
may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities. U.S. sanctions, in particular, are targeted against certain countries that are heavily involved in the petroleum and petrochemical industries, which includes
drilling activities. 
The laws and regulations concerning import activity, export recordkeeping and reporting, export control and economic
sanctions are complex and constantly changing. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner materially impacting our operations. Shipments can be delayed and denied export or entry for a variety of reasons,
some of which are outside our control and some of which may result from failure to comply with existing legal and regulatory regimes. Shipping delays or denials could cause unscheduled operational downtime. Any failure to comply with applicable
legal and regulatory trading obligations could also result in criminal and civil penalties and sanctions, such as fines, imprisonment, debarment from government contracts, seizure of shipments and loss of import and export privileges. 

Currently, we do not, nor do we intend to, operate in countries that are subject to significant sanctions and embargoes imposed by the U.S.
government or identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism, such as Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria. The U.S. sanctions and embargo laws and regulations vary in their application, as they do not all apply to the same covered persons
or proscribe the same activities, and such sanctions and embargo laws and regulations may be amended or strengthened over time. Although we believe that we will be in compliance with all applicable sanctions and embargo laws and regulations at the
filing date, and intend to maintain such compliance, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance in the future, particularly as the scope of certain laws may be unclear and may be subject to changing interpretations. Any such violation
could result in fines 

23 

Table of Contents

or other penalties and could result in some investors deciding, or being required, to divest their interest, or not to invest, in us. In addition, certain institutional investors may have
investment policies or restrictions that prevent them from holding securities of companies that have contracts with countries identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism. In addition, our reputation and the market for our
securities may be adversely affected if we engage in certain other activities, such as entering into drilling contracts with individuals or entities in countries subject to significant U.S. sanctions and embargo laws that are not controlled by the
governments of those countries, or engaging in operations associated with those countries pursuant to contracts with third parties that are unrelated to those countries or entities controlled by their governments. 

Pension expenses associated with our retirement benefit plans may fluctuate significantly depending upon changes in actuarial
assumptions, future investment performance of plan assets and legislative or other regulatory actions. 

A portion of our current
and retired employee population is covered by pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, the costs of which are dependent upon various assumptions, including estimates of rates of return on benefit plan assets, discount rates for future
payment obligations, mortality assumptions, rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. In addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans are subject to legislative and
other government regulatory actions. Recently, the Society of Actuaries released revised mortality tables, which update life expectancy assumptions. In consideration of these tables, we modified the mortality assumptions used in determining our
pension and post-retirement benefit obligations as of December 31, 2014, which increased our pension liability by $14 million as of December 31, 2014. This will have a related impact on our annual pension cost in future years. The new mortality
assumptions may result in additional funding requirements dependent upon the funded status of our plans. These expectations presume all other assumptions remain constant and there are no changes to applicable funding regulations. Future changes in
estimates and assumptions associated with our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial disclosures. 

Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, and we depend upon the security and
reliability of our technologies, systems and networks in numerous locations where we conduct business. 

Our floaters and
high-specification units utilize certain technologies that make us vulnerable to cyber-attacks that we may not be able to adequately protect against. These cyber security risks could disrupt certain of our operations for an extended period of time
and result in the loss of critical data and in higher costs to correct and remedy the effects of such incidents. If our systems for protecting against information technology and cyber security risks prove to be insufficient, we could be materially
adversely affected by having our business and financial systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations and safety procedures disrupted. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to us. 

We may experience currency exchange losses when revenues are received or expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies, when we do not hedge
an exposure to a foreign currency or when the result of a hedge is a loss. We may also incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues due to a shortage of convertible currency available to the country of operation, controls over
currency exchange or controls over the repatriation of income or capital. 
We are subject to litigation that could have an adverse
effect on us. 

We are, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include, among other things,
contract disputes, personal injury claims, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, environmental claims or proceedings, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or duties, and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our
business. Although we intend to defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation. Litigation
may have an adverse effect on us because of potential negative outcomes, costs of attorneys, the allocation of management’s time and attention, and other factors. 

24 

Table of Contents

We are a holding company, and we are dependent upon cash flow from subsidiaries to meet our
obligations. 

We currently conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, and our operating income and cash flow are generated by
our subsidiaries. As a result, cash we obtain from our subsidiaries is the principal source of funds necessary to meet our debt service obligations. Contractual provisions or laws, as well as our subsidiaries’ financial condition and operating
requirements, may limit our ability to obtain the cash that we require from our subsidiaries to pay our debt service obligations. Applicable tax laws may also subject such payments to us by our subsidiaries to further taxation. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements
other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding rig demand, the offshore drilling market, oil prices, contract backlog, fleet status, our financial position, business strategy, impairments, repayment of debt, timing or
number of share repurchases, borrowings under our credit facilities or other instruments, sources of funds, completion, delivery dates and acceptance of our newbuild rigs, future capital expenditures, contract commitments, dayrates, contract
commencements, extension or renewals, contract tenders, the outcome of any dispute, litigation, audit or investigation, plans and objectives of management for future operations, foreign currency requirements, results of joint ventures, indemnity and
other contract claims, construction and upgrade of rigs, industry conditions, access to financing, impact of competition, governmental regulations and permitting, availability of labor, worldwide economic conditions, taxes and tax rates,
indebtedness covenant compliance, dividends and distributable reserves, timing or results of acquisitions or dispositions, and timing for compliance with any new regulations are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words
“anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “should” and similar expressions are intended to be among the statements
that identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such expectations will prove to be correct. These factors include those
described in “Risk Factors” above, or in our other SEC filings, among others. Such risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks when you are evaluating us.