Risks
Relating to FPL Group's and FPL's Business

FPL
Group and FPL are subject to complex laws and regulations and to changes in laws
and regulations as well as changing governmental policies and regulatory
actions.  FPL holds franchise agreements with local municipalities and
counties, and must renegotiate expiring agreements.  These factors may
have a negative impact on the business and results of operations of FPL Group
and FPL.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL are subject to complex laws and regulations, and to changes
 in laws or regulations, with respect to, among other things, allowed rates
 of return, industry and rate structure, operation of nuclear power
 facilities, construction and operation of generation facilities,
 construction and operation of transmission and distribution facilities,
 acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of assets and
 facilities, recovery of fuel, purchased power and environmental costs,
 decommissioning costs, ROE and equity ratio limits, transmission
 reliability and present or prospective wholesale and retail
 competition.  This substantial and complex framework exposes FPL
 Group and FPL to increased compliance costs and potentially significant
 monetary penalties for non-compliance.  The FPSC has the
 authority to disallow recovery by FPL of any and all costs that it
 considers excessive or imprudently incurred.  The regulatory
 process generally restricts FPL's ability to grow earnings and does not
 provide any assurance as to achievement of earnings
 levels.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL also are subject to extensive federal, state and local
 environmental statutes, rules and regulations, as well as the effect of
 changes in or additions to applicable statutes, rules and regulations that
 relate to, or in the future may relate to, for example, air quality, water
 quality, climate change, GHG emissions, CO2
 emissions, radioactive emissions, waste management, marine and wildlife
 mortality, natural resources, health, safety and renewable portfolio
 standards that could, among other things, restrict or limit the output of
 certain facilities or the use of certain fuels required for the production
 of electricity and/or require additional pollution control equipment and
 otherwise increase costs.  There are significant capital,
 operating and other costs associated with compliance with these
 environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be
 even more significant in the future.  Violations of certain of
 these statutes, rules and regulations could expose FPL Group and FPL to
 third-party disputes and potentially significant monetary penalties for
 non-compliance.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL operate in a changing market environment influenced by
 various legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding regulation,
 deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, including, for
 example, deregulation or restructuring of the production and sale of
 electricity, as well as increased focus on renewable and clean energy
 sources and reduction of CO2
 emissions and other GHG emissions.  FPL Group and its
 subsidiaries will need to adapt to these changes and may face increasing
 costs and competitive pressure in doing
so.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group's and FPL's results of operations could be affected by FPL's ability
 to negotiate or renegotiate franchise agreements with municipalities and
 counties in Florida.

The
operation and maintenance of power generation, transmission and distribution
facilities involve significant risks that could adversely affect the results of
operations and financial condition of FPL Group and FPL.

 ·  

 The
 operation and maintenance of power generation, transmission and
 distribution facilities involve many risks, including, for example, start
 up risks, breakdown or failure of equipment, transmission and distribution
 lines or pipelines and the availability of replacement equipment, the
 inability to properly manage or mitigate known equipment defects
 throughout FPL Group's and FPL's generation fleets and transmission and
 distribution systems, use of new or unproven technology, the dependence on
 a specific fuel source, failures in the supply or transportation of fuel,
 the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions (including natural
 disasters such as hurricanes, floods and droughts), and performance below
 expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency.  This
 could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses, including, for
 example, lost revenues due to prolonged outages and increased expenses due
 to monetary penalties or fines, replacement equipment costs or an
 obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at potentially higher
 prices to meet contractual obligations.  Insurance, warranties
 or performance guarantees may not cover any or all of the lost revenues or
 increased expenses.  Breakdown or failure of an operating
 facility of NextEra Energy Resources may, for example, prevent the
 facility from performing under applicable power sales agreements which, in
 certain situations, could result in termination of the agreement or
 subject NextEra Energy Resources to incurring a liability for liquidated
 damages.

The
operation and maintenance of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks,
including environmental, health, regulatory, terrorism and financial risks, that
could result in fines or the closure of nuclear units owned by FPL or NextEra
Energy Resources, and which may present potential exposures in excess of
insurance coverage.

 20

 ·  

 FPL
 and NextEra Energy Resources own, or hold undivided interests in, nuclear
 generation facilities in four states.  These nuclear facilities
 are subject to environmental, health and financial risks such as on-site
 storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of spent nuclear
 fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning,
 potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities,
 and the threat of a possible terrorist attack.  Although FPL and
 NextEra Energy Resources maintain decommissioning funds and external
 insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks, it
 is possible that the cost of decommissioning the facilities could exceed
 the amount available in the decommissioning funds, and that liability and
 property damages could exceed the amount of insurance
 coverage.

 ·  

 The
 NRC has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related
 requirements for the construction and operation and maintenance of nuclear
 generation facilities.  In the event of non-compliance, the NRC
 has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending
 upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is
 achieved.  NRC orders or new regulations related to increased
 security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the
 NRC could require FPL and NextEra Energy Resources to incur substantial
 operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants.  In
 addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur at an FPL or NextEra
 Energy Resources plant, it could result in substantial costs.  A
 major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the
 NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic
 nuclear unit.

 ·  

 In
 addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of
 utilities could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs
 which are difficult or impossible to
predict.

The
construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation and transmission
facilities involve substantial risks.  Should construction or capital
improvement efforts be unsuccessful or delayed, the results of operations and
financial condition of FPL Group and FPL could be adversely
affected.

 ·  

 The
 ability of FPL Group and FPL to complete construction of, and capital
 improvement projects for, their power generation and transmission
 facilities on schedule and within budget are contingent upon many
 variables that could delay completion, increase costs or otherwise
 adversely affect operational and financial results, including, for
 example, limitations related to transmission interconnection issues,
 escalating costs for materials and labor and environmental compliance,
 delays with respect to permits and other approvals, and disputes involving
 third parties, and are subject to substantial risks.  Should any
 such efforts be unsuccessful or delayed, FPL Group and FPL could be
 subject to additional costs, termination payments under committed
 contracts, loss of tax credits and/or the write-off of their investment in
 the project or improvement.

The
use of derivative contracts by FPL Group and FPL in the normal course of
business could result in financial losses or the payment of margin cash
collateral that could adversely impact the results of operations or cash flows
of FPL Group and FPL.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures
 and forwards, some of which are traded in the over-the-counter markets or
 on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and
 for FPL Group to engage in trading and marketing
 activities.  FPL Group could recognize financial losses as a
 result of volatility in the market values of these derivative instruments,
 or if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments under these
 derivative instruments and could suffer a reduction in operating cash
 flows as a result of the requirement to post margin cash
 collateral.  In the absence of actively quoted market prices and
 pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these
 derivative instruments involves management's judgment or use of
 estimates.  As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions
 or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair
 value of these derivative instruments.  In addition, FPL's use
 of such instruments could be subject to prudence challenges and, if found
 imprudent, cost recovery could be disallowed by the
 FPSC.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group provides full energy and capacity requirement services, which
 include load-following services and various ancillary services, primarily
 to distribution utilities to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities'
 power supply obligations to their customers.  The supply costs
 for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including
 by events that may occur after FPL Group has committed to supply power,
 such as weather conditions, fluctuating prices for energy and ancillary
 services, and the ability of the distribution utilities’ customers to
 elect to receive service from competing suppliers.  If the
 supply costs are not favorable, FPL Group’s operating costs could increase
 and result in the possibility of reduced earnings or incurring
 losses.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL have hedging procedures and associated risk management tools
 that may not work as planned.  Risk management tools and metrics
 such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and
 liquidity guidelines are based on historical price
 movements.  If price movements significantly or persistently
 deviate from historical behavior, the risk management tools may not
 protect against significant losses.  As a result of these and
 other factors, FPL Group and FPL cannot predict with precision the impact
 that risk management decisions may have on financial
 results.

 21

FPL
Group's competitive energy business is subject to risks, many of which are
beyond the control of FPL Group, including, but not limited to, the efficient
development and operation of generating assets, the successful and timely
completion of project restructuring activities, the price and supply of fuel and
equipment, transmission constraints, competition from other generators,
including those using new sources of generation, excess generation capacity and
demand for power, that may reduce revenues, increase costs or otherwise
adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition of FPL
Group.

 ·  

 There
 are various risks associated with FPL Group's competitive energy
 business.  In addition to risks discussed elsewhere, risk
 factors specifically affecting NextEra Energy Resources' success in
 competitive wholesale markets include, for example, the ability to
 efficiently develop and operate generating assets, the successful and
 timely completion of project restructuring activities, maintenance of the
 qualifying facility status of certain projects, the price and supply of
 fuel (including transportation) and equipment, transmission constraints,
 the ability to utilize PTCs or qualify for convertible ITCs, competition
 from other and new sources of generation, excess generation capacity and
 shifting demand for power.  There can be significant volatility
 in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy
 commodities, and there are other financial, counterparty and market risks
 that are beyond the control of NextEra Energy
 Resources.  NextEra Energy Resources' inability or failure to
 effectively hedge its assets or positions against changes in commodity
 prices, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures
 could significantly impair FPL Group's future financial
 results.  A portion of NextEra Energy Resources' power
 generation facilities operate wholly or partially without long-term power
 purchase agreements.  As a result, power from these facilities
 is sold on the spot market or on a short-term contractual basis, which may
 increase the volatility of FPL Group's financial results.  In
 addition, NextEra Energy Resources' business depends upon power
 transmission and natural gas transportation facilities owned and operated
 by others; if transmission or transportation is disrupted or capacity is
 inadequate or unavailable, NextEra Energy Resources' ability to sell and
 deliver its wholesale power or natural gas may be
 limited.

FPL
Group's ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions is
subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the effect of
increased competition for acquisitions resulting from the consolidation of the
power industry.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition
 opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation
 of the power industry in general.  In addition, FPL Group may be
 unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities at favorable
 prices and to complete and integrate them successfully and in a timely
 manner.

FPL
Group and FPL participate in markets that are often subject to uncertain
economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth, future income
and expenditures.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL participate in markets that are susceptible to uncertain
 economic conditions, which complicate estimates of revenue
 growth.  Because components of budgeting and forecasting are
 dependent upon estimates of revenue growth in the markets FPL Group and
 FPL serve, the uncertainty makes estimates of future income and
 expenditures more difficult.  As a result, FPL Group and FPL may
 make significant investments and expenditures but never realize the
 anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect results of
 operations.  The future direction of the overall economy also
 may have a significant effect on the overall performance and financial
 condition of FPL Group and FPL.

Changes
in the number of customer accounts and customer usage in FPL's service area
affect FPL Group's and FPL's results of operations.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group's and FPL's results of operations are affected by the change in the
 number of customer accounts in FPL's service area and customer
 usage.  Changes in the number of customer accounts can be
 affected by growth or decline in population.  Changes in the
 number of customer accounts and customer usage can be affected by economic
 factors in Florida and elsewhere, including, for example, job and income
 growth or decline, housing starts and new home prices.  Changes
 in the number of customer accounts and customer usage directly influence
 the demand for electricity and the need, or lack of need, for additional
 power generation and power delivery facilities at
 FPL.

Weather
affects FPL Group's and FPL's results of operations, as can the impact of severe
weather.  Weather conditions directly influence the demand for
electricity and natural gas, affect the price of energy commodities, and can
affect the production of electricity at power generating
facilities.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group's and FPL's results of operations are affected by changes in the
 weather.  Weather conditions directly influence the demand for
 electricity and natural gas, affect the price of energy commodities, and
 can affect the production of electricity at power generating facilities,
 including, but not limited to, wind, solar and hydro-powered
 facilities.  FPL Group's and FPL's results of operations can be
 affected by the impact of severe weather which can be destructive, causing
 outages and/or property damage, may affect fuel supply, and could require
 additional costs to be incurred.  At FPL, recovery of these
 costs is subject to FPSC
approval.

 22

FPL
Group and FPL rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant
sources of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash
flows.  Adverse capital and credit market conditions may adversely
affect FPL Group's and FPL's ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and
operate and grow their businesses, and increase the cost of
capital.  Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the financial
markets can also adversely impact the results of operations and financial
condition of FPL Group and FPL, as well as exert downward pressure on the market
price of FPL Group's common stock.

 ·  

 Having
 access to the credit and capital markets, at a reasonable cost, is
 necessary for FPL Group and FPL to fund their operations, including their
 capital requirements. Those markets have provided FPL Group and FPL with
 the liquidity to operate and grow their businesses that is not otherwise
 provided from operating cash flows.  Disruptions, uncertainty or
 volatility in those markets can increase FPL Group's and FPL's cost of
 capital.  If FPL Group and FPL are unable to access the credit
 and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay
 raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable
 cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely impact their ability to
 grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial
 flexibility and/or limit FPL Group's ability to sustain its current common
 stock dividend level.

 ·  

 The
 market price and trading volume of FPL Group's common stock could be
 subject to significant fluctuations due to, among other things, general
 stock market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding FPL
 Group and its subsidiaries' operations, business, growth prospects and
 financing strategies.

FPL
Group's, FPL Group Capital's and FPL's inability to maintain their current
credit ratings may adversely affect FPL Group's and FPL's liquidity, limit the
ability of FPL Group and FPL to grow their businesses, and would likely increase
interest costs.  In addition, FPL Group's, FPL Group Capital's or
FPL's credit providers' inability to maintain their current credit ratings, or
to fund their credit commitments, may adversely affect FPL Group's and FPL's
liquidity.

 ·  

 The
 inability of FPL Group, FPL Group Capital and FPL to maintain their
 current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise capital or
 obtain credit on favorable terms, which, in turn, could impact FPL Group's
 and FPL's ability to grow their businesses, service indebtedness or repay
 borrowings, and would likely increase their interest
 costs.  Some of the factors that can affect credit ratings are
 cash flows, liquidity, the amount of debt as a component of total
 capitalization, and political, legislative and regulatory
 actions.  FPL Group, FPL Group Capital or FPL cannot assure that
 their current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of
 time or that one or more of its ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn
 entirely by a rating agency.

 ·  

 The
 inability of FPL Group's, FPL Group Capital's and FPL's credit providers
 to maintain credit ratings acceptable under various agreements, or to fund
 their credit commitments, could require FPL Group, FPL Group Capital or
 FPL to, among other things, renegotiate requirements in agreements, find
 an alternative credit provider with acceptable credit ratings to meet the
 requirement, or post cash
collateral.

FPL
Group may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to
pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream
dividends or repay funds to FPL Group.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its
 own.  Substantially all of FPL Group's consolidated assets are
 held by subsidiaries.  FPL Group’s ability to meet its financial
 obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily
 dependent on the subsidiaries’ net income and cash flows, which are
 subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to
 pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to FPL Group.  The
 subsidiaries have financial obligations, including payment of debt
 service, which they must satisfy before they can fund FPL
 Group.  FPL Group’s subsidiaries are separate legal entities and
 have no obligation to provide FPL Group with funds for its payment
 obligations.  In addition, the dividend-paying ability of some
 of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are
 contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in
 future financing agreements.

Changes
in tax laws, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of
tax-related asset and liability amounts, could adversely affect FPL Group's and
FPL's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group's and FPL's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related
 assets and liabilities requires significant judgments and the use of
 estimates.  Amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities
 involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of
 recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including estimates for
 potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken
 and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net
 operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  Actual income
 taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future
 impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, regulations and
 interpretations, financial condition and results of operations of FPL
 Group and its subsidiaries, including FPL, as well as the resolution of
 audit issues raised by taxing authorities.  Ultimate resolution
 of income tax matters may result in material adjustments to tax-related
 assets and liabilities which could impact, either positively or
 negatively, FPL Group's and FPL's results of operations, financial
 condition and liquidity.

 23

FPL
Group and FPL are subject to credit and performance risk from third parties
under supply and service contracts.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL rely on contracts with vendors for the supply of equipment,
 materials, fuel and other goods and services required for the construction
 and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities, as
 well as for business operations.  If vendors fail to fulfill their
 contractual obligations, FPL Group and FPL may need to make arrangements
 with other suppliers, which could result in higher costs, untimely
 completion of power generation facilities and other projects, and/or a
 disruption to their operations.

FPL
Group and FPL are subject to costs and other potentially adverse effects of
legal and regulatory proceedings as well as regulatory compliance and changes in
or additions to applicable tax laws, rates or policies, rates of inflation,
accounting standards, securities laws, corporate governance requirements and
labor and employment laws.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL are subject to costs and other potentially adverse effects
 of legal and regulatory proceedings, settlements, investigations and
 claims, as well as regulatory compliance and the effect of new, or changes
 in, tax laws, rates or policies, rates of inflation, accounting standards
 and interpretations, securities laws, corporate governance requirements
 and labor and employment laws.

 ·  

 FPL
 and NextEra Energy Resources, as owners and operators of transmission
 systems and/or critical assets within various regions throughout the
 United States, are subject to mandatory reliability standards established
 by the NERC.  Non-compliance with these mandatory reliability
 standards could result in sanctions, including substantial monetary
 penalties.

Threats
of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyber
attacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt FPL Group's and
FPL's business may impact the operations of FPL Group and FPL in unpredictable
ways and could adversely affect FPL Group’s and FPL’s results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL are subject to direct and indirect effects of terrorist
 threats and activities, as well as cyber attacks and disruptive activities
 of individuals and/or groups.  Infrastructure facilities and
 systems, such as generation, transmission and distribution facilities and
 information systems, have been identified as potential
 targets.  The effects of these threats and activities could
 affect FPL Group's and FPL's ability to generate, purchase or transmit
 power, could cause delays in FPL Group's and FPL's development and
 construction of new generating facilities, could result in a significant
 slowdown in growth or a decline in the U.S. economy, could delay an
 economic recovery in the United States, and could increase the cost and
 adequacy of security and insurance, which could adversely affect FPL
 Group’s and FPL’s results of operations, financial condition and
 liquidity.  In addition, these types of events could disrupt FPL
 Group’s or FPL’s operations, require significant management attention and
 resources, and could adversely affect FPL Group's and FPL's reputation
 among customers and the public.

The
ability of FPL Group and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available
insurance coverage could be adversely affected by international, national, state
or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition
of insurers.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group's and FPL's ability to obtain insurance, and the cost of and
 coverage provided by such insurance, could be adversely affected by
 international, national, state or local events as well as company-specific
 events, as well as the financial condition of
 insurers.

FPL
Group and FPL are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely
affect the businesses and financial condition of FPL Group and FPL.

 ·  

 FPL
 Group and FPL are subject to employee workforce factors, including, for
 example, loss or retirement of key executives, availability of qualified
 personnel, inflationary pressures on payroll and benefits costs and
 collective bargaining agreements with union employees and work stoppage
 that could adversely affect the businesses and financial condition of FPL
 Group and FPL.

The
risks described herein are not the only risks facing FPL Group and
FPL.  Additional risks and uncertainties also may materially adversely
affect FPL Group's or FPL's business, financial condition and/or future
operating results.