(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per
 pound amounts)

 Our business activities are subject to significant risks,
 including those described below. Every investor or potential
 investor in our securities should carefully consider these
 risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, our
 business, financial position and results of operations could be
 materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones
 we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently
 known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
 our business.

 A substantial
 or extended decline in gold or copper prices would have a
 material adverse effect on Newmont.

 Our business is dependent on the prices of gold and copper,
 which fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected by numerous
 factors beyond our control. Factors tending to influence prices
 include:

 • 

 gold sales or leasing by governments and central banks or
 changes in their monetary policy, including gold inventory
 management and reallocation of reserves;

 • 

 speculative short positions taken by significant investors or
 traders in gold or copper;

 • 

 the strength of the U.S. dollar;

 • 

 expectations of the future rate of inflation;

 • 

 interest rates;

 9

Table of Contents

 • 

 recession or reduced economic activity in the United States and
 other industrialized or developing countries;

 • 

 decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand;

 • 

 increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap;

 • 

 forward sales by producers in hedging or similar
 transactions; and

 • 

 availability of cheaper substitute materials.

 Any decline in our realized gold or copper price adversely
 impacts our revenues, net income and cash flows, particularly in
 light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions
 with respect to gold or copper. We have recorded asset
 write-downs in the past and may experience additional
 write-downs as a result of lower gold or copper prices in the
 future.

 In addition, sustained lower gold or copper prices can:

 • 

 reduce revenues further through production declines due to
 cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits,
 that have become uneconomic at prevailing gold or copper prices;

 • 

 reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore
 stockpiles and ore on leach pads;

 • 

 halt or delay the development of new projects;

 • 

 reduce funds available for exploration with the result that
 depleted reserves may not be replaced; and

 • 

 reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can
 no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices.

 Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper
 Price.

 We may be
 unable to replace gold and copper reserves as they become
 depleted.

 Gold and copper producers must continually replace reserves
 depleted by production to maintain production levels over the
 long term and provide a return on invested capital. Depleted
 reserves can be replaced in several ways, including by expanding
 known ore bodies, by locating new deposits, or by acquiring
 interests in reserves from third parties. Exploration is highly
 speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is
 unproductive. Our current or future exploration programs may not
 result in new mineral producing operations. Even if significant
 mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years
 from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of
 production, during which time the economic feasibility of
 production may change.

 We may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore
 reserves related to development properties and operating mines.
 Such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a
 variety of factors including historical operating results,
 estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore
 reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash
 and other operating costs. Other factors that affect our
 decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our
 assumptions for future gold or copper prices or other mineral
 prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of
 existing or potential liabilities associated with the property
 and its operations and projections of how these may change in
 the future. In addition, in connection with future acquisitions
 we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties and
 which may contain information or data that we are unable to
 independently verify or confirm. Other than historical operating
 results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an
 impact on our revenue, our cash and other operating issues, as
 well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process
 used to estimate ore reserves. In addition, there may be intense
 competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties.

 10

Table of Contents

 As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and
 any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the
 expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore
 reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and
 financial position.

 Estimates of
 proven and probable reserves and non reserve mineralization are
 uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may
 vary from our estimates.

 The reserves stated in this report represent the amount of gold
 and copper that we estimated, at December 31, 2010 and
 2009, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at
 the time of the reserve determination. Estimates of proven and
 probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such
 estimates are, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold
 and copper and interpretations of geologic data obtained from
 drill holes and other exploration techniques. Producers use
 feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital and operating
 costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be
 mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore
 body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs
 of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing
 equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs and economic
 returns on projects may differ significantly from original
 estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial
 phases of exploration until commencement of production, during
 which time, the economic feasibility of production may change.

 In addition, if the price of gold or copper declines from recent
 levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease,
 or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, we
 can offer no assurance that the indicated level of recovery will
 be realized or that mineral reserves as currently reported can
 be mined or processed profitably. If we determine that certain
 of our ore reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately
 lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves.
 Consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and resources are
 less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of
 operations and financial position may be materially impaired.

 Increased
 operating costs could affect our profitability.

 Costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation
 due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, changing
 metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the
 physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs
 are affected by the price of input commodities, such as fuel,
 electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel and
 concrete. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile
 price movements, including increases that could make production
 at certain operations less profitable and changes in laws and
 regulations affecting their price, use and transport. Reported
 costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A
 material increase in costs at any significant location could
 have a significant effect on our profitability and operating
 cash flow.

 We could have significant increases in capital and operating
 costs over the next several years in connection with the
 development of new projects in challenging jurisdictions and in
 sustaining existing operations. Costs associated with capital
 expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the
 last several years, as a result of factors beyond our control,
 including the prices of oil, steel and other commodities and
 labor. Increased costs for capital expenditures may have an
 adverse effect on the profitability of existing operations and
 economic returns anticipated from new projects.

 Estimates
 relating to new development projects are uncertain and we may
 incur higher costs and lower economic returns than
 estimated.

 Mine development projects typically require a number of years
 and significant expenditures during the development phase before
 production is possible. Such projects could experience
 unexpected problems and delays during development, construction
 and mine
 start-up.

 11

Table of Contents

 Our decision to develop a project is typically based on the
 results of feasibility studies, which estimate the anticipated
 economic returns of a project. The actual project profitability
 or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a
 result of any of the following factors, among others:

 • 

 changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of
 ore to be mined and processed;

 • 

 higher input commodity and labor costs;

 • 

 the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were
 made;

 • 

 adverse geotechnical conditions;

 • 

 availability of adequate labor force and supply and cost of
 water and power;

 • 

 fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates;

 • 

 availability and terms of financing;

 • 

 delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or
 changes in the laws and regulations related to those permits;

 • 

 weather or severe climate impacts; and

 • 

 potential delays relating to social and community issues.

 Our future development activities may not result in the
 expansion or replacement of current production with new
 production, or one or more of these new production sites or
 facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or
 may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 position.

 We may
 experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards
 and uncertainties associated with mining.

 The exploration for natural resources and the development and
 production of mining operations are activities that involve a
 high level of uncertainty. These can be difficult to predict and
 are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control.
 These factors include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, pollutants
 or hazardous chemicals;

 • 

 industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation
 of mining transportation equipment and accidents associated with
 the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations,
 milling equipment and conveyor systems;

 • 

 underground fires or floods;

 • 

 unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in
 mineral or gaseous form);

 • 

 ground and water conditions;

 • 

 fall-of-ground
 accidents in underground operations;

 • 

 failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls;

 • 

 seismic activity; and

 • 

 other natural phenomena, such as lightning, cyclonic or tropical
 storms, floods or other inclement weather conditions.

 The occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with
 our exploration activities and development and production of
 mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury
 to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of
 mining equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties
 or production facilities, monetary losses, deferral or
 unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage
 and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely
 affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of
 operations and financial position.

 12

Table of Contents

 Shortages of
 critical parts, equipment and skilled labor may adversely affect
 our operations and development projects.

 The mining industry has been impacted by increased demand for
 critical resources such as input commodities, drilling
 equipment, tires and skilled labor. These shortages have, at
 times, impacted the efficiency of our operations, and resulted
 in cost increases and delays in construction of projects;
 thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and
 production and construction schedules.

 Mining
 companies are increasingly required to consider and provide
 benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate,
 and are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety
 laws and regulations.

 As a result of public concern about the real or perceived
 detrimental effects of economic globalization and global climate
 impacts, businesses generally and large multinational
 corporations in natural resources industries, such as Newmont,
 in particular, face increasing public scrutiny of their
 activities. These businesses are under pressure to demonstrate
 that, as they seek to generate satisfactory returns on
 investment to shareholders, other stakeholders, including
 employees, governments, communities surrounding operations and
 the countries in which they operate, benefit and will continue
 to benefit from their commercial activities. Such pressures tend
 to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are
 perceived to have a high impact on their social and physical
 environment. The potential consequences of these pressures
 include reputational damage, legal suits and social investment
 obligations.

 In addition, our ability to successfully obtain key permits and
 approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to
 successfully operate in communities around the world will likely
 depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a
 manner that is consistent with the creation of social and
 economic benefits in the surrounding communities. Our ability to
 obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate in
 particular communities may be adversely impacted by real or
 perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or
 those of other mining companies affecting the environment, human
 health and safety of communities in which we operate. Delays in
 obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals
 may adversely affect our operations, including our ability to
 explore or develop properties, commence production or continue
 operations. Key permits and approvals may be revoked or
 suspended or may be varied in a manner that adversely affects
 our operations, including our ability to explore or develop