(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) 

Every investor or potential investor in Newmont should carefully consider the following risks, which have been separated into two groups: 

•

 Risks related to the mining industry generally; and 

•

 Risks related to Newmont. 

Risks Related to the Mining Industry Generally 

A Substantial or Extended Decline in Gold or Copper
Prices Would Have a Material Adverse Effect on Newmont 

Newmont’s business is dependent on the realized price of gold and
copper, which are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to put downward pressure on prices include: 

•

 Sales or leasing of gold by governments and central banks; 

•

 U.S. dollar strength; 

•

 Recession or reduced economic activity; 

•

 Speculative selling; 

•

 Decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand; 

•

 Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; 

•

 Sales by producers in forward and other hedging transactions; and 

•

 Devaluing local currencies (relative to gold and copper priced in U.S. dollars) leading to lower production costs and higher production in certain regions.

8 

Table of Contents

Any drop in the realized price of gold or copper adversely impacts our revenues, net income and cash
flows, particularly in light of our philosophy of generally avoiding gold hedging. We have recorded asset write-downs during periods of low gold prices in the past and may experience additional impairments as a result of low gold or copper prices in
the future. 

In addition, sustained low gold or copper prices can: 

•

 Reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at the
then-prevailing gold or copper price; 

•

 Reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from long-term ore stockpiles; 

•

 Halt or delay the development of new projects; 

•

 Reduce funds available for exploration, with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and 

•

 Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. 

Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper Price. 

Gold and Copper Producers Must Continually Replace Reserves Depleted By Production 

Gold and
copper producers must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Depleted reserves must be replaced by expanding known ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order for producers to maintain production levels over the long term.
Exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is unproductive. No assurances can be given that any of our new or ongoing exploration programs will result in new mineral producing operations. Once mineralization is
discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. 

Estimates of Proven and Probable Reserves Are Uncertain 

Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent, based on interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration
techniques. Producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of
metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may
take many years from the initial phase of exploration before production is possible and, during that time, the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may change. 

Increased Costs Could Affect Profitability 

Costs at any particular mining location frequently
are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of
commodities, such as fuel, electricity and labor. Commodity costs are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. Reported costs may also be affected by changes
in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on Newmont’s profitability and cash flow. 

The Company anticipates significant capital expenditures over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects and sustaining existing operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures
have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the last several years, as a result of major factors beyond the control of 

9 

Table of Contents

the Company, including the prices of oil, steel and other commodities. Increased costs for capital expenditures have an adverse effect on the profitability
of existing mining operations and returns anticipated from new mining projects. 

Shortages of Critical Parts, Equipment and Skilled
Labor May Adversely Affect Our Operations and Development Projects. 

The industry has been impacted by increased worldwide demand
for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, tires and skilled labor. These shortages have caused unanticipated cost increases and delays in delivery times, thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and
production schedules. 

Mining Accidents or Other Adverse Events or Conditions at a Mining Location Could Reduce Our Production Levels

At any of Newmont’s operations, production may fall below historic or estimated levels as a result of mining accidents such as
a pit wall failure in an open pit mine, or cave-ins or flooding at underground mines. In addition, production may be unexpectedly reduced at a location if, during the course of mining, unfavorable ground conditions or seismic activity are
encountered; ore grades are lower than expected; the physical or metallurgical characteristics of the ore are less amenable to mining or treatment than expected; or our equipment, processes or facilities fail to operate properly or as expected.

Mining Companies Are Subject to Extensive Environmental Laws and Regulations 

Newmont’s exploration, mining and processing operations are regulated in all countries in which we operate under various federal, state, provincial
and local laws relating to the protection of the environment, which generally include air and water quality, hazardous waste management and reclamation. Delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals may adversely impact
our operations. The regulatory environment in which Newmont operates could change in ways that would substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on Newmont’s operations or financial
position. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Risks Related to Newmont 

Our Operations Outside North America and Australia/New Zealand Are Subject to
Risks of Doing Business Abroad 

Exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and Australia/New
Zealand are potentially subject to political and economic risks, including: 

•

 Cancellation or renegotiation of contracts; 

•

 Disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

•

 Changes in foreign laws or regulations; 

•

 Royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including retroactive claims; 

•

 Expropriation or nationalization of property; 

•

 Currency fluctuations (particularly in countries with high inflation); 

•

 Foreign exchange controls; 

•

 Restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold U.S. dollars or other
foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 Import and export regulations, including restrictions on the export of gold; 

•

 Restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore; 

•

 Risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; 

•

 Risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health issues; and 

•

 Other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned
entities. 

Consequently, Newmont’s exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and
Australia/New Zealand may be substantially affected by factors beyond Newmont’s control, any of which could materially adversely affect Newmont’s financial position or results of operations. Furthermore, if a dispute arises from such
activities, Newmont may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts outside North America or Australia, which could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute. 

Newmont has substantial investments in Indonesia, a nation that since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence, changes in national leadership,
and the secession of East Timor, one of its former provinces. These factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts,
increased taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. During 2006, the government purported to designate the land surrounding Batu Hijau as a protected forest, which could make operating permits more difficult to
obtain. Newmont’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if any of these actions occur. 

In July 2004, a criminal complaint was filed against PT Newmont Minahasa Raya (“PTNMR”), the Newmont subsidiary that operated the Minahasa mine in Indonesia, alleging environmental pollution relating to submarine tailings
placement into nearby Buyat Bay. The Indonesian police detained five PTNMR employees during September and October of 2004. The police investigation and the detention of PTNMR’s employees was declared illegal by the South Jakarta District Court
in December 2004, but in March 2005, the Indonesian Supreme Court upheld the legality of the police investigation, and the police turned their evidence over to the local prosecutor. In July 2005, the prosecutor filed an indictment against PTNMR and
its President Director, alleging environmental pollution at Buyat Bay. After the court rejected motions to dismiss the proceeding, the trial proceeded and all evidence, including that of the defense, was presented in court as of September 2006. In
November 2006 the prosecution filed its charge, seeking a three-year jail sentence for PTNMR’s President Director plus a nominal fine. In addition, the prosecution has recommended a nominal fine against PTNMR. The defense filed responses in
January 2007 and after final briefing a verdict is expected in the second quarter of 2007. 

Independent sampling and testing of Buyat Bay
water and fish, as well as area residents, conducted by the World Health Organization and the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, confirm that PTNMR has not polluted the Buyat Bay environment, and, therefore, has
not adversely affected the fish in Buyat Bay or the health of nearby residents. PTNMR remains steadfast that it has not caused pollution or health problems and will continue to vigorously defend itself against these allegations. However, Newmont
cannot predict the outcome of the criminal proceeding or whether additional legal actions may occur. This matter could adversely affect our ability to operate in Indonesia. 

On March 9, 2005, the Indonesian Ministry of the Environment filed a civil lawsuit against PTNMR and its President Director in relation to these
allegations, seeking in excess of $100 in monetary damages. In October 2005, PTNMR filed an objection to the court’s jurisdiction, contending that the Government previously agreed to resolve any disputes through out-of-court conciliation or
arbitration. The Court upheld PTNMR’s objection and dismissed the case in November 2005. The Government filed a notice of appeal of this ruling. On February 16, 2006, PTNMR and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia signed an
agreement settling the civil lawsuit. Under the terms of the agreement, the Government and PTNMR will nominate members to an independent 

11 

Table of Contents

scientific panel that will develop and implement a ten-year environmental monitoring and assessment program to make a definitive, scientific conclusion
regarding the condition of Buyat Bay. PTNMR is required to fund specific remedial measures if, as a result of its mining operations, pollution has occurred. The agreement also provides for enhanced community development programs in North Sulawesi.
PTNMR will provide initial funding of $12 to cover the cost of the monitoring and community development programs. Over a ten year period, PTNMR will contribute an additional $18. The funds will be managed by an organization governed by interested
stakeholders. Accountability for the funds will be ensured through yearly reports that will be made available to the public. The transparency of the scientific panel’s activities will also be assured through annual reports to the public.
Pursuant to the agreement, the civil lawsuit against PTNMR was been terminated. The scientific panel held its first meeting in February 2007. 

During the last several years, Yanacocha, in which Newmont owns a 51.35% interest, has been the target of numerous local political protests, including ones that blocked the road between the Yanacocha mine complex and the City of Cajamarca
in Peru. In 2004, local opposition to the Cerro Quilish project became so pronounced that Yanacocha decided to relinquish its drilling permit for Cerro Quilish and the deposit was reclassified from proven and probable reserves to non-reserve
mineralization. In 2005, no material roadblocks or protests occurred involving Yanacocha. However, in 2006 a road blockade was carried out by members of the Combayo community. This blockade resulted in a brief cessation of mining activities. We
cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur in the future, and the recurrence of significant community opposition or protests could adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations. 

Presidential, congressional and regional elections took place in Peru in 2006, with the new national government taking office in July 2006. In December
2006, Yanacocha, along with other mining companies in Peru, entered into an agreement with the central government to contribute 3.75% of net profits to fund social development projects. Although the current government has generally taken positions
promoting private investment, we cannot predict future government positions on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure, environmental regulation or taxation. A change in government positions on these issues could adversely affect
Yanacocha’s assets and operations. 

During 2005, relations between the Republic of Uzbekistan and the U.S. deteriorated significantly,
and in July 2005 the government of Uzbekistan evicted the U.S. military from its base at Karshi-Khanabad, south of Tashkent. 

In June 2006,
an economic court in Uzbekistan ruled in favor of tax authorities and against the Zarafshan-Newmont Joint Venture (“ZNJV”), which is 50% owned by the Company, on two claims to collect approximately $48 in taxes other than income taxes. The
tax authorities argued that Decree 151, which protected ZNJV from changes in tax laws and provided other financial and operational benefits, became ineffective and that the taxes and penalties claimed were owed for the period 2002-2005. Decree 151
had been granted by the Republic of Uzbekistan in 1992 as an incentive for the Company’s investment in ZNJV. The benefits it provided, including the stability of the tax and legal regime in effect at that time, were guaranteed to remain in
effect for so long as ZNJV had ongoing operations. 

On July 26, 2006, the Republic of Uzbekistan caused the seizure of gold, silver
and unfinished product belonging to ZNJV. On August 14, 2006, the Company received notice that the economic court had accepted the petition of an agency of the Republic of Uzbekistan to institute bankruptcy proceedings against ZNJV. Neither
ZNJV nor the Company received advance notice that the petition was filed or that a hearing would be held. The court ordered “supervisory measures” restricting normal operations, including the export of gold or repayment of loans, without
the approval of a court-appointed temporary administrator, who has been overseeing all operations of ZNJV. 

At a September 19, 2006
meeting of the ZNJV creditor’s committee, which was principally composed of government representatives, the committee voted to liquidate ZNJV. On September 29, 2006, the economic court 

12 

Table of Contents

concluded that ZNJV was insolvent and ordered ZNJV to be liquidated by December 29, 2006. At this hearing, representatives of ZNJV and the Company were
denied an opportunity to present the case against liquidation. The remaining assets of ZNJV are anticipated to be liquidated to pay the tax liabilities that have been imposed on ZNJV by the Republic of Uzbekistan, resulting in the effective transfer
to the Republic of Uzbekistan of the Company’s interest in ZNJV. The liquidation sale has been postponed two times, and is now scheduled for early March 2007. Despite the Company’s demands for compensation for the losses it has suffered,
the Republic of Uzbekistan has refused to provide such compensation. On October 31, 2006, the Company filed demands for arbitration against the Republic of Uzbekistan in two separate international venues on the basis that the Republic of
Uzbekistan repudiated its obligations to the Company under Decree 151, Uzbek and international law, and various agreements. The Company and the defendants are in the process of appointing arbitrators. As of September 30, 2006, the Company had
written off the book value of its ownership interest in ZNJV, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $101. The ultimate outcome of this matter cannot be determined at this time. 

Recent violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and other countries, and the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, may increase the risk that operations owned by U.S. companies will be the target
of violence. If any of Newmont’s operations were so targeted it could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our Success May
Depend on Our Social and Environmental Performance 

Newmont’s ability to operate successfully in communities around the world
will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the health and safety of our employees, the protection of the environment, and the creation of long-term economic and social opportunities in
the communities in which we operate. Newmont has implemented a management system designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. However, our ability to operate could be adversely
impacted by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate. 

Remediation Costs for Environmental Liabilities May Exceed the Provisions We Have Made 

Newmont has conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive sites in the United States. At one of these sites, remediation requirements have not been
finally determined, and, therefore, the final cost cannot be determined. At a third site in the United States, an inactive uranium mine and mill formerly operated by a subsidiary of Newmont, remediation work at the mill is ongoing, but remediation
at the mine is subject to dispute and has not yet commenced. The environmental standards that may ultimately be imposed at this site remain uncertain and there is a risk that the costs of remediation may exceed the provision that has been made for
such remediation by a material amount. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that
liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce net income in that period. 

The Use of
Hedging Instruments May Prevent Gains Being Realized from Subsequent Price Increases 

Newmont does not intend to enter into material
new gold hedging positions and intends to continue to decrease gold hedge positions over time by opportunistically delivering gold into our outstanding hedge contracts, or by seeking to eliminate our hedge position when economically attractive.
Nonetheless, Newmont currently has gold hedging positions and may, from time-to-time, enter into hedge contracts for copper, other metals or commodities, interest rates or foreign currencies. If the gold or copper price rises above the price at
which future production has been committed under these hedge instruments, Newmont will have an opportunity loss. However, if the gold or copper price falls below that committed price, Newmont’s revenues will be protected to the extent of such
committed production. In addition, we may experience losses if a hedge counterparty defaults under a contract when the contract price exceeds the gold or copper price. 

13 

Table of Contents

For a more detailed description of the Newmont hedge positions, see the discussion in Hedging in
Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Currency Fluctuations May Affect Costs 

Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our operations.
Gold is sold throughout the world based principally on the U.S. dollar price, but a portion of Newmont’s operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies against the U.S. dollar can increase
the costs of gold production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the United States, making such mines less profitable. The foreign currencies that primarily impact Newmont’s Results of Operation are the Australian and Canadian
dollars. 

During 2006, the Australian dollar weakened by an average of 1% and the Canadian dollar strengthened by an average of 7% against
the U.S. dollar. This decreased the U.S. dollar Costs applicable to sales in Australia by approximately $7 and in Canada by $nil from 2005 to 2006. For additional information, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Consolidated Operations, Foreign Currency Exchange Rates, below. For a more detailed description of how currency exchange rates may affect costs, see discussion in Foreign
Currency in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Future Funding Requirements May Affect Our
Business 

The construction of the Boddington project in Australia, the 200 megawatt coal-fired power plant in Nevada, and the gold
mill at Yanacocha in Peru, as well as potential future investments in the Akyem project in Ghana and the Conga project in Peru, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. At current gold and copper prices, new sources of capital will
be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends. Our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold
and copper prices and our operational performance, among other factors. In the event of lower gold and copper prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, our ability to pursue new business opportunities,
invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. 

Our
Interest in the Batu Hijau Operation in Indonesia May Be Reduced Under the Contract of Work 

Under the Contract of Work with the
Indonesian government, beginning in 2005 and continuing through 2010, a portion of each foreign shareholder’s equity interest in the Batu Hijau operation must be offered for sale to the Indonesian government or to Indonesian nationals. The
government of Indonesia must approve any sale. The price at which such interest must be offered for sale is the highest of the then-current replacement cost, the price at which shares would be accepted for listing on the Jakarta Stock Exchange, or
the fair market value of such interest as a going concern. Pursuant to this provision of the Contract of Work, it is possible that the ownership interest of the Newmont/Sumitomo partnership in Batu Hijau could be reduced to 49% by the end of 2010. A
company owned by an Indonesian national currently owns a 20% interest in Batu Hijau, and the Newmont/Sumitomo partnership was required to offer a 3% interest for sale in 2006. An offer to sell a 3% interest was made to the government of Indonesia.
While the central government declined to participate, local governments in the area in which the mine is located have expressed interest in acquiring shares, as have various Indonesian nationals. The Newmont/Sumitomo partnership continues
discussions to meet its divestiture obligations. Under the terms of the Contract of Work, an additional 7% interest in Batu Hijau must be offered for sale in 2007. 

14 

Table of Contents

Costs Estimates and Timing of New Projects Are Uncertain 

The capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines or other projects are considerable and changes in costs or construction schedules can
affect project economics. There are a number of factors that can affect costs and construction schedules, including, among others: 

•

 Availability of labor, power, transportation, commodities and infrastructure; 

•

 Increases in input commodity prices and labor costs; 

•

 Fluctuations in exchange rates; 

•

 Availability of financing; 

•

 Difficulty of estimating construction costs over a period of years; and 

•

 Delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits. 

Our Operations May Be Adversely Affected By Power Shortages. 

We have experienced power
shortages in Ghana resulting from a nationwide drought and lack of hydroelectric generating capacity. Power shortages have caused curtailment of production at our Ahafo operations. Alternative sources of power will result in higher than anticipated
costs, which will affect operating costs. Continued power shortages and increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Occurrence of Events for Which We Are Not Insured May Affect Our Cash Flow and Overall Profitability 

We maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain risks related to our operations. This insurance is maintained in amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However,
Newmont may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. Some concern always exists
with respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crisis are possible. These countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption,
increased taxation and a unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. Newmont does not maintain insurance policies against political risk. Occurrence of events for which Newmont is not insured may affect our cash flow and overall
profitability. 

Our Business Depends on Good Relations with Our Employees 

Newmont could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect us. As of December 31, 2006,
unions represented approximately 38% of our worldwide work force. On that date, Newmont had 3,040 employees in Indonesia at its Batu Hijau operation, 1,364 employees at its Carlin, Nevada operations, 601 employees in Peru at its Yanacocha operation,
412 employees in Bolivia at its Kori Kollo operation, 150 employees at its Australia operations and 27 employees in New Zealand at its Martha operations working under collective bargaining agreements or similar labor agreements. Currently, there are
labor agreements in effect for all of these workers. The labor agreement for Peru expires February 28, 2007, and is currently being re-negotiated. There can be no assurance that future disputes will be resolved without disruptions to operations.

Title to Some of Our Properties May Be Defective or Challenged 

Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties, title review does not necessarily preclude third parties from challenging our title. While we
believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some risk exists that some titles may be defective or subject to challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties 

15 

Table of Contents

could be subject to native title or traditional landowner claims, but such claims would not deprive us of the properties. For information regarding native
title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand section of Item 2, Properties, below. 

We Compete With Other Mining Companies 

We compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key executives,
skilled labor and other employees with technical skills and experience in the mining industry. We also compete with other mining companies for rights to mine properties containing gold and other minerals. There can be no assurance that Newmont will
continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties. 

Certain
Factors Outside of Our Control May Affect Our Ability to Support the Carrying Value of Goodwill 

As of December 31, 2006, the
carrying value of goodwill was approximately $3,004 or 19% of our total assets. Goodwill has been assigned to our Merchant Banking ($1,661) and Exploration ($1,129) Segments, and to various mine site reporting units in the Australia/New Zealand
Segment ($214). This goodwill primarily arose in connection with our February 2002 acquisitions of Normandy and Franco-Nevada, and it represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets of
Normandy and Franco-Nevada. We evaluate, on at least an annual basis, the carrying amount of goodwill to determine whether current events and circumstances indicate that such carrying amount may no longer be recoverable. This evaluation involves a
comparison of the estimated fair value of our reporting units to their carrying values. 

Based on valuations of the Merchant Banking and
Exploration Segments, the Company concluded that the estimated fair values significantly exceeded the respective carrying values as of December 31, 2006. The fair values of the Merchant Banking and Exploration Segments are based, in part, on
certain factors that may be partially or completely outside of our control, such as the investing environment, the legal and regulatory and political environments in countries where we operate and explore, the successful discovery, development and
production of proven and probable reserves, commodity and labor prices, and other factors. In addition, certain of the assumptions underlying the December 31, 2006 Merchant Banking and Exploration Segments valuations may not be easily achieved
by the Company. 

The Exploration Segment’s valuation model attributes all cash flows expected to be derived from future exploration
discoveries, whether near-mine or greenfield, to the Exploration Segment. Therefore, the valuation model includes all expected value from future discoveries, including existing and future mine site reporting units. Existing proven and probable
reserves and value beyond proven and probable reserves, including mineralization other than proven and probable reserves and other material that is not part of the measured, indicated or inferred resource base, are included when determining the fair
value of mine site reporting units at acquisition and, subsequently, in determining whether the assets are impaired. The value beyond proven and probable reserves (which uses the same valuation concepts as required by EITF 04-03, Mining Assets:
Impairment and Business Combinations) relating to mine site reporting units is excluded when determining the fair value of the Exploration Segment, if any, at acquisition and, subsequently, in determining whether the assets are impaired. The
valuation model includes management’s best estimates of future reserve additions from exploration activities and all revenues and costs associated with their discovery, development and production. Historical proven and probable reserve
additions, excluding acquisitions, are used as an indicator of the Exploration Segment’s ability to discover additional reserves in the future. Actual reserve additions may vary significantly from year to year due to the time required to
advance a deposit from initial discovery to proven and probable reserves and based on the timing of when proven and probable reserves can be reported under the Securities and Exchange Commission Industry Guide 7. The valuation model assumes that the
Company will be able to perpetually develop and produce the assumed additions to proven and probable reserves from future discoveries at existing or new mine site reporting units. These estimates assume that the Company will continue to find
reserves of sufficient size and 

16 

Table of Contents

quality to meet the Company’s operational and return thresholds in increasing quantities in perpetuity. Future discoveries could become increasingly
difficult to locate, and even if the Company finds reserves in a sufficient quality and size, they may consist of a larger number of smaller deposits that could be more costly to develop and/or operate than historically experienced. The development
and production of reserves will eventually lead to the depletion of existing mine site reporting units and require the perpetual development of new mines in increasing quantities through successful greenfield exploration. A reduction in reserves or
a lower than expected increase in reserve additions, or a greater than expected increase in operating or capital costs, may negatively impact the value of the Exploration Segment and may result in the impairment of the Exploration Segment’s
goodwill. Based on the period required to advance projects from initial discovery to production, the valuation model has negative net cash flows for approximately the first 10 years and more than 100% of the fair value of the Exploration Segment is
attributable to its terminal value. 

Subsequent to the business combinations for which value beyond proven and probable reserves were
recorded, EITF 04-03, Mining Assets: Impairment and Business Combinations, was issued and requires that value beyond proven and probable reserves be allocated to mining assets. The Company defined value beyond proven and probable reserves as
the value of known mineralization other than proven and probable reserves and other material that is not part of the measured, indicated or inferred resource base that is measured based on extrapolation of known exploration information, to the
extent that it believes a market participant would include such value in determining the fair value of the assets. The Company’s interpretation of value beyond proven and probable reserves may differ from that of other mining industry companies
and may result in a different allocation of values at the time of acquisition and subsequent impairment analysis. If value beyond proven and probable reserves was interpreted to include value in excess of the Company’s determination, such
values would be considered tangible mineral interests and therefore reduce the implied fair value of goodwill. Under such an interpretation, if the carrying value of the Exploration Segment exceeds its estimated fair value (Step 1), the Company
would compare the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying amount and write-off any excess carrying amount over the implied fair value (Step 2) resulting in an impairment loss in the financial statements. The Company has not been required to
perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test for the Exploration Segment. Please see the Company’s Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional details. 

The Company’s approach to managing the exploration aspect of its business separate from the day to day operations of its mine site reporting units
may differ from the approach taken by other companies in the mining industry. Other mining companies may integrate the exploration function with their mine site reporting units, allocating residual goodwill to these units. Absent our Exploration
Segment’s success and reporting structure, we may have reached a similar conclusion regarding the goodwill allocation. As a result of these potential differences, the Company’s financial position and results of operations may not be
comparable to those of other entities in the mining industry. 

Based on valuations of various mine site reporting units in the
Australia/New Zealand Segment, the Company concluded that the estimated fair values exceeded the respective carrying values as of December 31, 2006. The Company concluded that the estimated fair value of the Nevada Segment did not support the
carrying value as of December 31, 2005 and recorded a $41 goodwill impairment charge. The impairment resulted from a reevaluation of life of mine plans that indicated higher future operating and capital costs. In 2004, the Company recorded
goodwill and long-lived assets impairment charges of $52 and $6, respectively, relating to the Pajingo reporting unit in the Australia/New Zealand Segment. The Company’s fair value estimates are based on numerous assumptions and it is possible
that actual fair value could be significantly different than these estimates, as future quantities of recoverable minerals, gold and other commodity prices, production levels, operating costs and capital costs are each subject to significant risks
and uncertainties. 

In the absence of any mitigating valuation factors, the Company’s failure to achieve one or more of the
December 31, 2006 valuation assumptions may over time result in an impairment charge. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that significant non-cash impairment charges will not be recorded in the future due to possible declines in the fair
values of our reporting units. For a more detailed description of the estimates and 

17 

Table of Contents

assumptions involved in assessing the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Critical Accounting Policies, below. 

Our Ability to Recognize the
Benefits of Deferred Tax Assets is Dependent on Future Cash Flows and Taxable Income 

The Company recognizes the expected future tax
benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized. Otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires
management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the
extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the ability of the Company to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit the Company’s ability to
obtain the future tax benefits represented by its deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2006, the Company’s current and long-term deferred tax assets were $156 and $799, respectively. 

Returns for Investments in Pension Plans Are Uncertain 

We maintain pension plans for employees, which provide for specified payments after retirement for certain employees. The ability of the pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our funding of the
plans and returns on investments made by the plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. A sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could require us to fund
the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated.