(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) 

Every
investor or potential investor in Newmont should carefully consider the following risks, which have been separated into two groups: 

•

 Risks related to the mining industry generally; and 

•

 Risks related to Newmont. 

Risks Related to the Mining Industry Generally 

A Substantial or Extended Decline in Gold or Copper
Prices Would Have a Material Adverse Effect on Newmont 

Our business is dependent on the realized price of gold and copper, which
are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to put downward pressure on prices include: 

•

 Sales or leasing of gold by governments and central banks; 

•

 U.S. dollar strength; 

•

 Recession or reduced economic activity; 

•

 Speculative selling; 

•

 Decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand; 

•

 Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; 

•

 Sales by producers in forward and other hedging transactions; and 

•

 Devaluing local currencies (relative to gold and copper priced in U.S. dollars) leading to lower production costs and higher production in certain regions.

Any drop in the realized price of gold or copper adversely impacts our revenues, net income and cash flows, particularly
in light of our philosophy of generally avoiding gold hedging. We have recorded asset write-downs in the past and may experience additional impairments as a result of low gold or copper prices in the future. 

In addition, sustained low gold or copper prices can: 

•

 Reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at the
then-prevailing gold or copper price; 

•

 Reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles; 

•

 Halt or delay the development of new projects; 

•

 Reduce funds available for exploration; and 

•

 Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. 

Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper Price. 

Gold and Copper Producers Must Continually Replace Reserves Depleted By Production 

Gold and
copper producers must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Depleted reserves must be replaced by expanding known ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order to maintain production levels over the long term. Exploration is highly
speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is unproductive. Our new or ongoing exploration programs may not result in new mineral producing operations. Once mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial
phases of exploration until production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. 

9 

Table of Contents

Estimates of Proven and Probable Reserves Are Uncertain 

Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent, based on the price of gold and
interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques. Producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and
processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs and economic
returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phase of exploration before production and, during that time, the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may change.

Increased Costs Could Affect Profitability 

Costs at any particular mining location frequently are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and
location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities, such as fuel, electricity and labor. Commodity costs are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain
operations less profitable. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flow. 

We anticipate significant capital expenditures over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects and sustaining existing
operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the last several years, as a result of major factors beyond our control, including the prices of oil, steel and other commodities and labor.
Increased costs for capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of existing mining operations and returns anticipated from new mining projects. 

Shortages of Critical Parts, Equipment and Skilled Labor May Adversely Affect Our Operations and Development Projects 

The industry has been impacted by increased demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, tires and skilled labor. These shortages have caused unanticipated cost increases and delays in
delivery times, thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and production schedules. 

Mining Accidents or Other Adverse
Events or Conditions at a Mining Location Could Reduce Our Production Levels 

At any of our operations, production may fall below
historic or estimated levels as a result of mining accidents such as a pit wall failure in an open pit mine, or cave-ins or flooding at underground mines. In addition, production may be unexpectedly reduced at a location if, during the course of
mining, unfavorable ground conditions or seismic activity, extreme or prolonged storm events, or prolonged adverse climate changes are encountered; ore grades are lower than expected; the physical or metallurgical characteristics of the ore are less
amenable to mining or treatment than expected; or our equipment, processes or facilities fail to operate properly or as expected. Our Midas operations in Nevada were suspended by order of the Mine Safety and Health Administration (“MSHA”)
after a fatal accident in June 2007. On October 11, 2007, MSHA lifted the restrictive order that had required Midas to halt mining activities. As a result, mining activities have resumed. MSHA’s investigation of the accident is continuing.

Mining Companies Are Subject to Extensive Environmental Laws and Regulations 

Our exploration, mining and processing operations are regulated in all countries in which we operate under various federal, state, provincial and local
laws relating to the protection of the environment, which generally 

10 

Table of Contents

include air and water quality, hazardous waste management and reclamation. Delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals may
adversely impact our operations. The regulatory environment in which we operate could change in ways that would substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial
position. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 32 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Risks Related to Newmont 

Our Operations Outside North America and Australia/New Zealand Are Subject to
Risks of Doing Business Abroad 

Exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and Australia/New
Zealand are potentially subject to political and economic risks, including: 

•

 Cancellation or renegotiation of contracts; 

•

 Disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

•

 Changes in foreign laws or regulations; 

•

 Royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including retroactive claims; 

•

 Expropriation or nationalization of property; 

•

 Currency fluctuations (particularly in countries with high inflation); 

•

 Foreign exchange controls; 

•

 Restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold U.S. dollars or other
foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts; 

•

 Import and export regulations, including restrictions on the export of gold; 

•

 Restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore; 

•

 Risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; 

•

 Risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health issues; and 

•

 Other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned
entities. 

Consequently, our exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and
Australia/New Zealand may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, some of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. Furthermore, if a dispute arises from such activities, we may be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts outside North America or Australia/New Zealand, which could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute. 

We have substantial investments in Indonesia, a nation that since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence, changes in national leadership, and
the secession of East Timor, one of its former provinces. These factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased
taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. Subsequent to the commencement of operations, the government purported to designate the land surrounding Batu Hijau as a protection forest, which could make operating permits
more difficult to obtain. The Company has been in discussions to renew its forest use permit (called a pinjam pakai) for over two years. This permit is a key 

11 

Table of Contents

requirement to continue to efficiently operate the Batu Hijau mine. The permit renewal has not been received and in the event it is not received by May 2008,
it could have an adverse impact on operating and financial results. 

Recent violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and other
countries, and the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, may increase the risk that operations owned by U.S. companies will be the target of violence. If any of our operations were so targeted it could have an adverse effect on our
business. 

During the last several years, Yanacocha, in which we own a 51.35% interest, has been the target of numerous local political
protests, including ones that blocked the road between the Yanacocha mine complex and the City of Cajamarca in Peru. In 2004, local opposition to the Cerro Quilish project became so pronounced that Yanacocha decided to relinquish its drilling permit
for Cerro Quilish and the deposit was reclassified from proven and probable reserves to non-reserve mineralization. In 2006 a road blockade was carried out by members of the Combayo community. This blockade resulted in a brief cessation of mining
activities. We cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur in the future, and the recurrence of significant community opposition or protests could adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations. In 2007 no
material roadblocks or protests occurred involving Yanacocha. 

Presidential, congressional and regional elections took place in Peru in
2006, with the new national government taking office in July 2006. In December 2006, Yanacocha, along with other mining companies in Peru, entered into an agreement with the central government to contribute 3.75% of net profits to fund social
development projects. Although the current government has generally taken positions promoting private investment, we cannot predict future government positions on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure, environmental regulation or
taxation. A change in government positions on these issues could adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations. 

Our
Interest in the Batu Hijau Operation in Indonesia May Be Reduced Under the Contract of Work 

Under the Contract of Work, beginning
in 2005 and continuing through 2010, a portion of the shares of P.T. Newmont Nusa Tenggara, the subsidiary that owns Batu Hijau (“PTNNT”) must be offered for sale, first, to the Indonesian government or, second, to Indonesian nationals,
equal to the difference between the following percentages and the percentage of shares already owned by the Indonesian government or Indonesian nationals (if such number is positive): 23% by March 31 2006; 30% by March 31, 2007; 37% by
March 31, 2008, 44% by March 31, 2009; and 51% by March 31, 2010. The price at which such interest must be offered for sale to the Indonesian parties is the highest of the then-current replacement cost, the price at which shares would be
accepted for listing on the Jakarta Stock Exchange, or the fair market value of such interest as a going concern, as agreed with the Indonesian government. Pursuant to this provision, it is possible that the ownership interest of the
Newmont/Sumitomo partnership in PTNNT, owner of Batu Hijau, could be reduced to 49%. 

P.T. Pukuafa Indah (“PTPI”), an unrelated
Indonesian company, has owned and continues to own a 20% interest in PTNNT, and therefore the Newmont/Sumitomo partnership was required to offer a 3% interest for sale in 2006 and an additional 7% interest in 2007. A further 7% interest will be
offered for sale in March 2008. In accordance with the Contract of Work, an offer to sell a 3% interest was made to the government of Indonesia in 2006 and an offer for an additional 7% interest was made in 2007. While the central government
declined to participate in the offer, local governments in the area in which the Batu Hijau mine is located have expressed interest in acquiring shares, as have various Indonesian nationals. In January 2008, the Newmont/Sumitomo partnership agreed
to sell, under a carried interest arrangement, 2% of PTNNT’s shares to Kabupaten Sumbawa, one of the local governments, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions. On February 11, 2008, PTNNT received notification from the Department of
Energy and Mineral Resources (DEMR) alleging that PTNNT is in breach of its divestiture requirements under the Contract of Work and threatening to issue a notice to terminate the Contract of Work if PTNNT does not agree to divest the 2006 and 2007
shares, in accordance with the direction of the DEMR, by February 22, 2008. Newmont and Sumitomo believe there is no basis under the 

12 

Table of Contents

Contract of Work for this notification and no grounds for terminating the Contract of Work, and are currently evaluating possible responses to the
February 11, 2008 default notice, including filing for international arbitration as provided for under the Contract of Work. Newmont and Sumitomo are in discussions with officials of the Government of Indonesia to attempt to clarify or
resolve this issue. 

Our Success May Depend on Our Social and Environmental Performance 

Our ability to operate successfully in communities around the world will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that
is consistent with the health and safety of our employees, the protection of the environment, and the creation of long-term economic and social opportunities in the communities in which we operate. We have implemented a management system designed to
promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. However, our ability to operate could be adversely impacted by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and
safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate. 

Remediation Costs for Environmental Liabilities May
Exceed the Provisions We Have Made 

We have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive sites in the United States. At one
of these sites, remediation requirements have not been finally determined, and, therefore, the final cost cannot be determined. At a third site in the United States, an inactive uranium mine and mill formerly operated by a subsidiary of Newmont,
remediation work at the mill is ongoing, but remediation at the mine is subject to dispute and has not yet commenced. The environmental standards that may ultimately be imposed at this site remain uncertain and there is a risk that the costs of
remediation may exceed the provision that has been made for such remediation by a material amount. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 32 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost
is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce net income in that period. 

Currency Fluctuations May Affect Costs 

Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our operations.
Gold is sold throughout the world based principally on the U.S. dollar price, but a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies against the U.S. dollar increases the costs of
gold production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the United States. 

The foreign currency that primarily impacts our results
of operations is the Australian dollar. We estimate that every $0.01 increase in U.S. dollar / Australian dollar exchange rate increases the U.S. dollar Costs applicable to sales by approximately $4 or $5 for each ounce of gold produced in
Australia. During 2007, the Australian dollar appreciated by approximately $0.09 per U.S. dollar, or approximately 10.8%. In mid-2007, we implemented derivative programs to hedge up to 75% of our future forecasted Australian dollar denominated
operating and capital expenditures to reduce the variability in our Australian dollar denominated expenditures. As of December 31, 2007, we have hedged 23%, 18% and 11% of our forecasted Australian denominated operating costs in 2008, 2009 and
2010, respectively. We have also hedged 32% of our forecasted Australian denominated capital expenditures for 2008. Our Australian dollar derivative programs will limit the benefit to the Company of future decreases if any, in the US
dollar/Australian dollar exchange rates. For additional information, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Consolidated Operations, Foreign Currency
Exchange Rates, below. For a more detailed description of how currency exchange rates may affect costs, see discussion in Foreign Currency in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Discussions About Market Risk. 

13 

Table of Contents

Future Funding Requirements May Affect Our Business 

The construction of the Boddington project in Australia, the 200 megawatt coal-fired power plant in Nevada, and the gold mill at Yanacocha in Peru, as
well as potential future investments in the Akyem project in Ghana, the Conga project in Peru and the Hope Bay project in Nunavat, Canada, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. At current gold and copper prices, our operating cash
flow is insufficient to meet all of these expenditures. As a result, new sources of capital will be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends. Our ability to raise and
service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold and copper prices and our operational performance, among other factors; in order to retain our investment grade rating, it may be necessary to
issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects or sell assets. In the event of lower gold and copper prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, our ability to pursue new business opportunities,
invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. 

Costs Estimates and Timing of New Projects Are Uncertain 

The capital expenditures and time required to develop new
mines or other projects are considerable and changes in costs or construction schedules can affect project economics. There are a number of factors that can affect costs and construction schedules, including, among others: 

•

 Availability of labor, power, transportation, commodities and infrastructure; 

•

 Increases in input commodity prices and labor costs; 

•

 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 Availability and terms of financing; 

•

 Difficulty of estimating construction costs over a period of years; 

•

 Delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits; and 

•

 Potential delays related to social and community issues. 

Our Operations May Be Adversely Affected By Power Shortages 

We have experienced power
shortages in Ghana resulting from a nationwide drought and insufficient hydroelectric or other generating capacity. Power shortages have caused curtailment of production at our Ahafo operations. As a result of the mining industry’s initiative
to construct and install a 80 mega-watt power plant during 2007, the Ghanaian government has agreed, if required to curtail power consumption as a result of power shortages, to distribute power proportionately between participating mines and other
industrial and commercial users. Alternative sources of power will result in higher than anticipated costs, which will affect operating costs. Continued power shortages and increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Occurrence of Events for Which We Are Not Insured May Affect Our Cash Flow and Overall Profitability 

We maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain risks related to our operations. This insurance is maintained in amounts that we believe
are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, we may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons; in other
cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. Some concern always exists with respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crises are possible. These countries
may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. We do not maintain insurance policies against political risk. Occurrence of events for
which we are not insured may affect our cash flow and overall profitability. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our Business Depends on Good Relations with Our Employees 

Due to union activities or other employee actions, we could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could
adversely affect us. As of December 31, 2007, unions represented approximately 45% of our worldwide work force. Currently, there are labor agreements in effect for all of these workers. We may be unable to resolve any future disputes without
disruption to operations. 

Title to Some of Our Properties May Be Defective or Challenged 

Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties, title review does not necessarily preclude third parties from challenging our title. While we
believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some risk exists that some titles may be defective or subject to challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties could be subject to native title or traditional landowner
claims, but such claims would not deprive us of the properties. For information regarding native title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand section of Item 2, Properties, below. 

We Compete With Other Mining Companies 

We compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key executives, skilled labor and other employees with technical skills and experience in the mining industry. We also compete with other mining companies for rights to mine