(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per
 pound amounts)

 Our business activities are subject to significant risks,
 including those described below. Every investor or potential
 investor in our securities should carefully consider these
 risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones
 we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently
 known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
 our business.

 A substantial
 or extended decline in gold or copper prices would have a
 material adverse effect on Newmont.

 Our business is dependent on the price of gold and copper, which
 are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors
 tending to influence prices include:

 • 

 gold sales or leasing by governments and central banks or
 changes in their monetary policy, including gold inventory
 management and reallocation of reserves;

 • 

 speculative short positions taken by significant investors or
 traders in gold or copper;

 • 

 the strength of the U.S. dollar;

 • 

 recession or reduced economic activity in the United States and
 other industrialized or developing countries;

 • 

 decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand;

 • 

 increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap;

 • 

 forward sales by producers in hedging or similar
 transactions; and

 • 

 availability of cheaper substitute materials.

 Any decline in our realized gold or copper price adversely
 impacts our revenues, net income and cash flows, particularly in
 light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions
 with respect to

 10

Table of Contents

 gold or copper. We have recorded asset write-downs in the past
 and may experience additional write-downs as a result of low
 gold or copper prices in the future.

 In addition, sustained lower gold or copper prices can:

 • 

 reduce revenues further through production declines due to
 cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits,
 that have become uneconomic at the then-prevailing gold or
 copper price;

 • 

 reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore
 stockpiles and ore on leach pads;

 • 

 halt or delay the development of new projects;

 • 

 reduce funds available for exploration with the result that
 depleted reserves may not be replaced; and

 • 

 reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can
 no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices.

 Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper
 Price.

 We may be
 unable to replace gold and copper reserves as they become
 depleted.

 Gold and copper producers must continually replace reserves
 depleted by production to maintain production levels over the
 long term and provide a return on invested capital. Depleted
 reserves can be replaced in several ways, including by expanding
 known ore bodies, by locating new deposits, or by acquiring
 interests in reserves from third parties. Exploration is highly
 speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is
 unproductive. Our current or future exploration programs may not
 result in new mineral producing operations. In addition, for the
 year 2009, the global exploration budget was reduced
 significantly as compared to prior years, which may adversely
 affect the timing and extent of new mineral discoveries and the
 future replacement of reserves. Even if significant
 mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years
 from the initial phases of exploration until production, during
 which time the economic feasibility of production may change.

 We may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore
 reserves related to development properties and operating mines.
 Such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a
 variety of factors including historical operating results,
 estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore
 reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash
 and other operating costs. Other factors that affect our
 decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our
 assumptions for future gold prices or other mineral prices and
 the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or
 potential liabilities associated with the property and its
 operations and projections of how these may change in the
 future. In addition, in connection with future acquisitions we
 may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties and which
 may contain information or data that we are unable to
 independently verify or confirm. Other than historical operating
 results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an
 impact on our revenue, our cash and other operating issues, as
 well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process
 used to estimate ore reserves. In addition, there may be intense
 competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties.

 As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and
 any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the
 expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore
 reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and
 financial condition.

 11

Table of Contents

 Estimates of
 proven and probable reserves are uncertain and the volume and
 grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our
 estimates.

 Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to
 considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent,
 based on the price of gold and interpretations of geologic data
 obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques.
 Producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital
 and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of
 ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of
 the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore,
 the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and
 processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs
 and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from
 original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the
 initial phase of exploration before production and, during that
 time, the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may
 change.

 In addition, if the price of gold or copper declines from recent
 levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease,
 or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, we
 can offer no assurance that the indicated level of recovery will
 be realized or that mineral reserves as currently reported can
 be mined or processed profitably. If we determine that certain
 of our ore reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately
 lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves.
 Consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and resources are
 less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of
 operations and financial condition may be materially impaired.

 Increased
 operating costs could affect our profitability.

 Costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation
 due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, changing
 metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the
 physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs
 are affected by the price of input commodities, such as fuel,
 electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel and
 concrete. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile
 price movements, including increases that could make production
 at certain operations less profitable, and to changes in laws
 and regulations affecting their price, use and transport.
 Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting
 standards. A material increase in costs at any significant
 location could have a significant effect on our profitability
 and operating cash flow.

 We could have significant increases in capital and operating
 costs over the next several years in connection with the
 development of new projects in challenging jurisdictions and in
 sustaining existing operations. Costs associated with capital
 expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the
 last several years, as a result of major factors beyond our
 control, including the prices of oil, steel and other
 commodities and labor. Increased costs for capital expenditures
 may have an adverse effect on the profitability of existing
 mining operations and economic returns anticipated from new
 mining projects.

 Estimates
 relating to new development projects are uncertain and we may
 incur higher costs and lower economic returns than
 estimated.

 Mine development projects typically require a number of years
 and significant expenditures during the development phase before
 production is possible. Our decision to develop a project is
 typically based on the feasibility studies results which
 estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. The
 actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ
 from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors,
 among others:

 • 

 unanticipated changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical
 characteristics of ore to be mined and processed;

 • 

 higher than anticipated input commodity and labor costs;

 • 

 the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were
 made;

 • 

 unanticipated adverse geotechnical conditions;

 • 

 availability of adequate labor force and supply and cost of
 water and power;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates;

 • 

 availability and terms of financing;

 • 

 delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or
 changes in the laws and regulations related to those permits;

 • 

 unanticipated weather or severe climate impacts; and

 • 

 potential delays relating to social and community issues.

 Our future development activities may not result in the
 expansion or replacement of current production with new
 production, or one or more of these new production sites or
 facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or
 may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 We may
 experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards
 and uncertainties associated with mining.

 The exploration for natural resources and the development and
 production of mining operations are activities that involve a
 high level of uncertainty. These can be difficult to predict and
 are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control.
 These factors include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, pollutants
 or hazardous chemicals;

 • 

 industrial accidents including in connection with the operation
 of mining transportation equipment and accidents associated with
 the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations;

 • 

 underground fires or floods;

 • 

 encountering unexpected geological formations;

 • 

 unanticipated ground and water conditions;

 • 

 fall-of-ground
 accidents in underground operations;

 • 

 failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls;

 • 

 seismic activity; and

 • 

 other natural phenomena, such as floods or inclement weather
 conditions.

 The occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with
 our mining operations may result in the death of, or personal
 injury to, our employees or other personnel, the loss of mining
 equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or
 production facilities, monetary losses, deferral or
 unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage
 and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely
 affect our business, prospects, results of operations and
 financial condition.

 Shortages of
 critical parts, equipment and skilled labor may adversely affect
 our operations and development projects.

 The industry has been impacted by increased demand for critical
 resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, tires
 and skilled labor. These shortages have, at times, caused
 unanticipated cost increases and delays in delivery times,
 thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and
 production schedules.

 13

Table of Contents

 Compliance
 with the extensive and constantly changing environmental laws
 and regulations affecting mining operations requires ongoing
 expenditures from us, and actual or alleged non-compliance may
 subject us to significant penalties or to the revocation of
 existing or future exploration or mining rights.

 Our exploration, mining and processing operations are regulated
 in all countries in which we operate under various federal,
 state, provincial and local laws relating to the protection of
 the environment, which generally include air and water quality,
 protection of protected species, hazardous waste management and
 reclamation. Compliance with these laws and regulations imposes
 substantial costs and burdens, and can cause delays in
 obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and
 approvals which may adversely impact our operations. The
 regulatory environment in which we operate is constantly
 changing and may change in ways that would substantially
 increase costs to achieve compliance, or otherwise could have a
 material adverse effect on our operations or financial position.
 Additionally, our operations result in emissions of certain
 greenhouse gases that may be subject to regulation under
 legislative and regulatory measures recently enacted or in
 discussion. Such measures, if implemented, could result in
 increased costs to us and could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition or results of operations. For a more
 detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see
 the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 33 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Mine closure
 and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed
 the provisions we have made.

 Natural resource companies are required to close their
 operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in
 accordance with a variety of environmental laws and regulations.
 Estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs
 for gold and copper mining operations are significant and based
 principally on current legal and regulatory requirements and
 mine closure plans that may change materially. Any
 underestimated or unanticipated rehabilitation costs could
 materially affect our asset values, earnings and cash flows.
 Environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known,
 probable and can be reasonably estimated. Whenever a previously
 unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a
 previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount
 of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that
 time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income in
 the related period. In addition, regulators are increasingly
 requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, or
 trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of
 environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on
 our financial condition.

 We have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive
 sites in the United States. We are conducting mill remediation
 activities at a third site in the United States, an inactive
 uranium mine and mill formerly operated by a subsidiary of
 Newmont, but remediation at the mine is subject to dispute. In
 late 2008, the EPA issued an order regarding water management at
 the mine. The environmental standards that may ultimately be
 imposed at this site remain uncertain and a risk exists that the
 costs of remediation may exceed the financial accruals that have
 been made for such remediation by a material amount. For a more
 detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see
 the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 33 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Regulations
 and pending legislation governing issues involving climate
 change could result in increased operating costs which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business.

 A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced
 or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the
 potential impacts of climate change. The December 1997 Kyoto
 Protocol, which ends in 2012, established a set of greenhouse
 gas emission targets for developed countries that have ratified
 the Protocol, which include Ghana, Australia and Peru. The
 Conference of Parties 15 (“COP15”) of the United
 Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change held in
 Copenhagen, Denmark in December 2009 was to determine the path
 forward after the Kyoto Protocol ends. COP15 resulted in the
 Copenhagen Accord (the “Accord”), a non-binding
 document calling for economy-wide

 14

Table of Contents

 emissions targets for 2020. Prior to the January 31, 2010
 deadline, the United States, Australia, New Zealand and
 Indonesia, Ghana and Peru re-affirmed their commitment to the
 Accord. The U.S. Congress and several U.S. states have
 initiated legislation regarding climate change that will affect
 energy prices and demand for carbon intensive products. In
 December 2009, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
 issued an endangerment finding under the U.S. Clean Air Act
 that current and projected concentrations of certain mixed
 greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, in the atmosphere
 threaten the public health and welfare. It is possible that
 proposed regulation may be promulgated in the U.S. to
 address the concerns raised by such endangerment finding.
 Additionally, the Australian Government may potentially
 reintroduce a national emissions trading scheme and mandatory
 renewable energy targets. Legislation and increased regulation
 regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us,
 our venture partners and our suppliers, including increased
 energy, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and
 reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any
 adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively
 impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas
 not subject to such limitations. Until the timing, scope and
 extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict
 the effect on our financial condition, operating performance and
 ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation,
 increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global
 marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or
 other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. The
 potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations
 are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic
 circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include
 changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water
 shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These
 impacts may adversely impact the cost, production and financial
 performance of our operations.

 Our
 operations, particularly those outside North America and
 Australia/New Zealand, are subject to risks of doing
 business.

 Exploration, development, production and mine closure
 activities, particularly those outside of North America and
 Australia/New Zealand, potentially are subject to political and
 economic risks, including:

 • 

 disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that
 are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

 • 

 changes in laws or regulations;

 • 

 royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities,
 including retroactive increases and claims and requests to
 renegotiate terms of existing royalties and taxes;

 • 

 delays in obtaining or the inability to obtain or maintain
 necessary governmental permits;

 • 

 expropriation or nationalization of property;

 • 

 currency fluctuations, particularly in countries with high
 inflation;

 • 

 foreign exchange controls;

 • 

 restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell
 gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such
 companies to hold U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies
 in offshore bank accounts;

 • 

 import and export regulations, including restrictions on the
 export of gold;

 • 

 restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore or to
 otherwise repatriate funds;

 • 

 risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla
 activities, insurrection and terrorism;

 • 

 risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health
 issues; and

 • 

 other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in
 which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in
 contracts with government owned entities such as unilateral
 cancellation or renegotiation of contracts, licenses or other
 mining rights.

 15

Table of Contents

 Consequently, our exploration, development and production
 activities, particularly those outside of North America and
 Australia/New Zealand, may be affected by these and other
 factors, many of which are beyond our control, some of which
 could materially adversely affect our financial position or
 results of operations. Furthermore, if a dispute arises from
 such activities, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
 of courts outside North America or Australia/New Zealand, which
 could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute.

 Our Batu Hijau
 operation in Indonesia is subject to political and economic
 risks.

 We have a substantial investment in Indonesia, a nation that
 since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its
 currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence and acts
 of terrorism, changes in national leadership, and the secession
 of East Timor, one of its former provinces. These factors
 heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy
 toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in
 unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased
 taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation
 of assets. Subsequent to the commencement of operations, the
 government designated the land surrounding Batu Hijau as a
 protection forest, which could make operating permits more
 difficult to obtain. We have been in discussions with the
 Indonesian government to obtain an additional forest use permit
 necessary to make certain amendments to the Batu Hijau
 environmental management plan and environmental monitoring plan,
 including modifications with respect to the mine’s pit
 slope stability. This permit is a key requirement to continue to
 operate Batu Hijau efficiently and to the ultimate life of the
 mine and recoverability of reserves. However, the permit has not
 been received as of the date of this Annual Report. No
 assurances can be made regarding when or whether the permit and
 any related plan amendments will be approved. The resulting
 delay may adversely impact the Batu Hijau mine plan, and may
 adversely impact future operating and financial results,
 including deferment or cancellation of future development and
 operations.

 Presidential and parliamentary elections recently took place,
 and although the president was re-elected, new ministers or
 members of parliament may have different (and potentially more
 negative) views relating to mining in general, a preference for
 national mining companies to own such countries mineral assets,
 or relative to our assets and operations.

 Violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and other
 countries, and the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq and
 Afghanistan, may increase the risk that operations owned by
 U.S. companies will be the target of violence. If our Batu
 Hijau operation were so targeted it could have an adverse effect
 on our business.

 Our ownership
 interest in PT Newmont Nusa Tenggara (“PTNNT”) in
 Indonesia has been reduced in accordance with the Contract of
 Work issued by the Indonesian Government. The Contract of Work
 has been and may continue to be the subject of dispute, and
 future reductions in our interest in PTNNT may result in our
 loss of control over the Batu Hijau operations. Moreover the
 Contract of Work is subject to termination if we do not comply
 with our obligations, and loss of the Contract of Work would
 result in loss of all or much of the value of Batu
 Hijau.

 We operate Batu Hijau and currently have a 35.44% ownership
 interest, held through the Nusa Tenggara Partnership
 (“NTP”) with an affiliate of Sumitomo Corporation of
 Japan. We have a 56.25% interest in NTP and a Sumitomo affiliate
 holds the remaining 43.75%. NTP in turn owns 63% of PTNNT, the
 Indonesian subsidiary that owns Batu Hijau. In December 2009,
 the Company entered into a transaction with P.T. Pukuafu
 Indah (“PTPI”), an unrelated noncontrolling partner of
 PTNNT, whereby we agreed to advance certain funds to PTPI in
 exchange for a pledge of the noncontrolling partner’s 20%
 share of PTNNT dividends, net of withholding tax, and the
 assignment of its voting rights to the Company. As a result,
 PTPI was determined to be a Variable Interest Entity
 (“VIE”) as it has minimal equity capital and the
 voting rights to its 20% interest in PTNNT reside with Newmont.
 Based on the above transaction, the Company recognized an
 additional 17% effective economic interest in PTNNT. Combined
 with the Company’s 56.25% ownership in NTP, Newmont has a
 52.44% effective economic interest in PTNNT and continues to
 consolidate Batu Hijau in its Consolidated Financial Statements.
 The remaining 17% in PTNNT is owned by PT Multi Daerah Bersaing

 16

Table of Contents

 (“PTMDB”), a consortium comprised of Indonesian
 regional and local governments, and PT Multicapital, an
 unrelated Indonesian company.

 Under the Contract of Work executed in 1986 between the
 Indonesian government and PTNNT, beginning in 2006 and
 continuing through 2010, a portion of PTNNT’s shares must
 be offered for sale, first, to the Indonesian government or,
 second, to Indonesian nationals, such portion equal to the
 difference between the following percentages and the percentage
 of shares already owned by the Indonesian government or
 Indonesian nationals (if such number is positive): 23% by
 March 31, 2006; 30% by March 31, 2007; 37% by
 March 31, 2008; 44% by March 31, 2009; and 51% by
 March 31, 2010. The price at which such interest must be
 offered for sale to the Indonesian parties is the highest of the
 then-current replacement cost, the price at which shares would
 be accepted for listing on the Jakarta Stock Exchange, or the
 fair market value of such interest as a going concern, as agreed
 with the Indonesian government. Pursuant to this provision, the
 ownership interest in the Batu Hijau mine’s proven and
 probable equity reserves may be reduced in the future to as low
 as 27.56% and ownership interest of NTP in PTNNT could be
 reduced to 49%, thus reducing our ability to control the
 operation at Batu Hijau. In addition to affecting our level of
 control over operations over PTNNT, such loss of control may
 cause us to deconsolidate PTNNT for accounting purposes, which
 would reduce our reported consolidated sales, cost applicable to
 sales, amortization, total assets and operating cash flow
 attributable to PTNNT. See Note 32 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 PTPI has owned and continues to own a 20% interest in PTNNT, and
 therefore NTP was required to offer a 3% interest in the shares
 of PTNNT for sale in 2006 and an additional 7% interest in each
 of 2007, 2008 and 2009. In accordance with the Contract of Work,
 an offer to sell a 3% interest was made to the Indonesia
 government in 2006 and an offer for an additional 7% interest
 was made in each of 2007, 2008 and 2009. Following notifications
 from the Department of Energy and Mineral Resources (the
 “DEMR”) alleging that PTNNT was in breach of its
 divestiture requirements under the Contract of Work and
 threatening to issue a notice to terminate the Contract of Work
 if PTNNT did not agree to divest the 2006, 2007, and
 2008 shares in accordance with the direction of the DEMR,
 the matter was submitted to an international arbitration panel.
 That panel ruled in March 2009 that the 2006, 2007 and
 2008 shares were required to be transferred by the end of
 September 2009, a deadline that was extended until
 November 23, 2009 by agreement between PTNNT and the
 Indonesian Government. In July 2009, the Company reached
 agreement with the Indonesian government on the price of the
 2008 7% interest and the 2009 7% interest and reoffered the 2008
 7% interest and the 2009 7% interest to the Indonesian
 government at this newly agreed price. In November and December
 2009, sales agreements were concluded pursuant to which the
 2006, 2007, and 2008 shares were transferred to PTMDB and
 2009 shares were committed to be transferred to PTMDB.
 Although the Indonesian government has acknowledged that PTNNT
 is no longer in breach of the Contract of Work, future disputes
 may arise as to the further divestiture of the shares. It is
 uncertain who will acquire any future divestiture shares, and
 the nature of our relations with the new owners of the 2006
 through 2009 shares and any future divestiture shares
 remain uncertain.

 As part of the negotiation of the sale agreements with PTMDB,
 the parties executed an operating agreement under which each
 recognizes the right of NTP to operate Batu Hijau and binds the
 parties to adhere to NTP’s standards for safety,
 environmental stewardship and community responsibility. The
 operating agreement becomes effective upon the completion of the
 sale of the 2009 shares and continues for so long as NTP
 owns more shares of PTNNT than PTMDB. If the operating agreement
 terminates, then we will likely lose effective control over the
 operations of Batu Hijau and will be at risk for operations
 conducted in a manner that either detracts from value or results
 in safety, environmental or social standards below those adhered
 to by NTP. Moreover, there have been statements from time to
 time by some within the Indonesian government who advocate
 elimination of Contracts of Work and who may try to instigate
 future disputes surrounding the Contract of Work, particularly
 given that Batu Hijau is one of the largest businesses within
 the country. Although any dispute under the Contract of Work is
 subject to international arbitration, there can be no assurance
 that we would prevail in any such dispute and any termination of
 the Contract of Work could result in substantial diminution in
 the value of our interests in PTNNT.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our Company
 and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical
 challenges, which could adversely impact our production and
 profitability.

 Newmont and the mining industry are facing continued
 geotechnical challenges due to a trend toward mining deeper pits
 and more complex deposits. This leads to higher pit walls, more
 complex underground environments and increased exposure to
 geotechnical instability. As our operations are maturing, the
 open pits at many of our sites are getting deeper and we have
 experienced certain geotechnical failures at some of our mines,
 including, without limitation, in Indonesia at the Batu Hijau
 open-pit mine. In September 2009, our affiliate, PTNNT,
 experienced a geotechnical failure of a portion of the west
 wall. Batu Hijau utilizes an advanced monitoring system that
 measures movement in the pit walls. As a result, no personnel
 were in the pit at the time of the failure and no injuries
 occurred. However, operations were temporarily suspended in
 order to engage in geotechnical review. Following the completion
 of remediation work, mining operations resumed at such location
 again in October 2009. Subsequently, in January 2010, a failure
 also occurred on a portion of the southeast wall causing a
 slide, which regrettably resulted in a fatality of one of the
 mine employees. Operations were temporarily suspended to conduct
 investigations and operations have since recommenced.

 No absolute assurances can be given that unanticipated adverse
 geotechnical conditions, such a landslides and pit wall
 failures, will not occur in the future or that such events will
 be detected in advance. Geotechnical instabilities can be
 difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards
 outside of our control, such as severe weather and considerable
 rainfall, which may lead to periodic floods, mudslides and wall
 instability, and seismic activity, which may result in slippage
 of material or mud/topsoil slides.

 Geotechnical failures could result in limited or restricted
 access to mine sites, suspension of operations, government
 investigations, increased monitoring costs, remediation costs,
 loss of ore and other impacts, which could cause one or more of
 our projects to be less profitable than currently anticipated
 and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Our operations
 in Peru are subject to political risks.

 During the last several years, Yanacocha, in which we own a
 51.35% interest, has been the target of numerous local political
 protests, including ones that blocked the road between the
 Yanacocha mine complex and the City of Cajamarca in Peru. In
 2004, local opposition to the Cerro Quilish project (which is
 located adjacent to Yanacocha) became so pronounced that
 Yanacocha decided to relinquish its drilling permit for Cerro
 Quilish and the deposit was reclassified from proven and
 probable reserves to non-reserve mineralization. In 2006 a road
 blockade was carried out by members of the Combayo community.
 This blockade was unrelated to Cerro Quilish and resulted in a
 brief cessation of mining activities. We cannot predict whether
 similar or more significant incidents will occur and the
 recurrence of significant community opposition or protests could
 adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations. In
 2007, 2008, 2009 and thus far in 2010, no material roadblocks or
 protests occurred involving Yanacocha.

 In December 2006, Yanacocha, along with other mining companies
 in Peru, entered into a five-year agreement with the central
 government to contribute 3.75% of net profits to fund social
 development projects. Although the current government has
 generally taken positions promoting private investment, we
 cannot predict future government positions on foreign
 investment, mining concessions, land tenure, environmental
 regulation or taxation. National elections are scheduled in
 April 2011 and a change in government positions on these issues
 could adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
 financial position and results of operations.

 Our success
 depends on our social and environmental
 performance.

 Our ability to operate successfully in communities around the
 world will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and
 close mines in a manner that is consistent with the health and
 safety of our employees, the protection of the environment, and
 the creation of long-term economic and social opportunities in
 the communities in which we operate. We have implemented a
 management system

 18

Table of Contents

 designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety,
 environmental performance and community relations. However, our
 ability to operate, and thus, our results of operations and our
 financial condition, could be adversely affected by accidents or
 events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the
 health and safety of our employees, the environment or the
 communities in which we operate.

 Remediation
 costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we
 have made.

 We have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive
 sites in the United States. We are conducting mill remediation
 activities at a third site in the United States, an inactive
 uranium mine and mill formerly operated by a subsidiary of
 Newmont, but remediation at the mine is subject to dispute. In
 late 2008 the EPA issued an order regarding water management at
 the mine. The environmental standards that may ultimately be
 imposed at this site remain uncertain and a risk exists that the
 costs of remediation may exceed the financial accruals that have
 been made for such remediation by a material amount. For a more
 detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see
 the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 33 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes
 known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased,
 the amount of that liability and additional cost will be
 recorded at that time and could materially reduce net income in
 that period.

 Currency
 fluctuations may affect our costs.

 Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our
 operations. Gold and copper is sold throughout the world based
 principally on the U.S. dollar price, but a portion of our
 operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The
 appreciation of those local currencies against the
 U.S. dollar increases our costs of production in
 U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the
 United States.

 The foreign currency that primarily impacts our results of
 operations is the Australian dollar. We estimate that every
 $0.10 increase in U.S. dollar/Australian dollar exchange
 rate increases annually the U.S. dollar Costs applicable
 to sales by approximately $40 for each ounce of gold
 produced from operations in Australia before taking into account
 the impact of currency hedging. From December 31, 2008 to
 December 31, 2009, the Australian dollar appreciated by
 approximately $0.21 per U.S. dollar, or approximately 30%.
 In mid-2007, we implemented derivative programs to hedge up to
 85% of our future forecasted Australian dollar denominated
 operating and capital expenditures to reduce the variability in
 our Australian dollar denominated expenditures. At
 December 31, 2009 we have hedged 60%, 37% and 13% of our
 forecasted Australian denominated operating costs in 2010, 2011
 and 2012, respectively. Our Australian dollar derivative
 programs will limit the benefit to the Company of future
 decreases if any, in the US dollar/Australian dollar exchange
 rates. For additional information, see Item 7,
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of
 Consolidated Operations, Foreign Currency Exchange Rates, below.
 For a more detailed description of how currency exchange rates
 may affect costs, see discussion in Foreign Currency in
 Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Discussions About
 Market Risk.

 Our business
 requires substantial capital investment and we may be unable to
 raise additional funding on favorable terms.

 The construction and operation of potential future projects
 including the Akyem project in Ghana, the Conga project in Peru,
 the Hope Bay project in Nunavut, Canada, and various exploration
 projects will require significant funding. Our operating cash
 flow and other sources of funding may become insufficient to
 meet all of these requirements, depending on the timing and
 costs of development of these and other projects. As a result,
 new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding
 requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business
 activities and pay dividends. Our ability to raise and service
 significant new sources of capital will be a function of
 macroeconomic conditions, future gold and copper prices, our
 operational performance and our current cash flow and debt
 position, among other factors. In the event of lower gold and
 copper prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges,
 or a further dislocation in the financial markets as experienced
 in recent years, our ability to pursue new business
 opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our
 ongoing operations, retire or service all outstanding debt and
 pay dividends could be significantly constrained.

 19

Table of Contents

 Any downgrade
 in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could
 increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the
 availability of new financing.

 At December 31, 2009 Standard & Poor’s
 Rating Services rated Newmont Mining Corporation BBB+, with a
 stable outlook, and Moody’s Investors Service rated Newmont
 Mining Corporation Baa2 with a stable outlook. There can be no
 assurance that any rating assigned will remain for any given
 period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that
 rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to
 the basis of the rating, so warrant. If we are unable to
 maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels
 acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business
 prospects deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the
 rating agencies, which could adversely affect the value of our
 outstanding securities, our existing debt and our ability to
 obtain new financing on favorable terms, if at all, and increase
 our borrowing costs, which in turn could impair our results of
 operations and financial condition. See also “Future
 Funding Requirements may Affect our Business” and
 “Current Global Financial Conditions could Adversely Affect
 the Availability of New Financing and our Operations.”

 To the extent
 that we seek to expand our operations and increase our reserves
 through acquisitions, we may experience issues in executing
 acquisitions or integrating acquired operations.

 From time to time, we may examine opportunities to make
 selective acquisitions in order to expand our operations and
 reported reserves. The success of any acquisition would depend
 on a number of factors, including, but not limited to:

 • 

 identifying suitable candidates for acquisition and negotiating
 acceptable terms for any such acquisition;

 • 

 obtaining approval from regulatory authorities and potentially
 the Company’s shareholders;

 • 

 maintaining our financial and strategic focus and avoiding
 distraction of management during the process of integrating the
 acquired business;

 • 

 implementing our standards, controls, procedures and policies at
 the acquired business; and

 • 

 to the extent the acquired operations are in a country in which
 we have not operated historically, understanding the regulations
 and challenges of operating in that new jurisdiction.

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to conclude any
 acquisitions successfully, or that any acquisition will achieve
 the anticipated synergies or other positive results. Any
 material problems that we encounter in connection with such an
 acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, operating results and financial condition.

 Our operations
 may be adversely affected by power shortages.

 We have periodically experienced power shortages in Ghana
 resulting primarily from drought, increasing demands for
 electricity and insufficient hydroelectric or other generating
 capacity which caused curtailment of production at our Ahafo
 operations. As a result of the mining industry’s initiative
 to construct and install an 80 mega-watt power plant during
 2007, the Ghanaian government has agreed, if required, to
 curtail power consumption as a result of power shortages and to
 distribute available power proportionately between participating
 mines and other industrial and commercial users. Alternative
 sources of power may result in higher than anticipated costs,
 which will affect operating costs. Continued power shortages and
 increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations
 and financial condition.

 20

Table of Contents

 Occurrence of
 events for which we are not insured may affect our cash flow and
 overall profitability.

 We maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain
 risks related to our operations. This insurance is maintained in
 amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the
 circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, we may
 elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the
 high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for
 various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be
 available for certain risks. Some concern always exists with
 respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest,
 war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic
 crises are possible. These countries may also pose heightened
 risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption,
 increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and
 contracts. We do not maintain insurance policies against
 political risk. Occurrence of events for which we are not
 insured may affect our results of operations and financial
 position.

 Our business
 depends on good relations with our employees.

 Due to union activities or other employee actions, we could
 experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions
 in production that could adversely affect us. At
 December 31, 2009 union represented employees constituted
 approximately 54% of our worldwide work force. Currently, there
 are labor agreements in effect for all of these workers. The
 labor agreement for Yanacocha expires on February 28, 2010
 and is currently being
 re-negotiated.
 There can be no assurance that any future disputes will be
 resolved without disruptions to operations.

 Title to some
 of our properties may be defective or challenged.

 Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties,
 title review does not necessarily preclude third parties from
 challenging our title or related property rights. While we
 believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some
 risk exists that some titles may be defective or subject to
 challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties
 could be subject to native title or traditional landowner
 claims, but such claims would not deprive us of the properties.
 For information regarding native title or traditional landowner
 claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand
 section of Item 2, Properties, below.

 Competition
 from other mining companies may harm our business.

 We compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key
 executives, skilled labor, contractors and other employees. We
 compete with other mining companies for the services of skilled
 personnel and contractors and for specialized equipment,
 components and supplies, such as drill rigs, necessary for
 exploration and development. We also compete with other mining
 companies for rights to mine properties containing gold and
 other minerals. We may be unable to continue to attract and
 retain skilled and experienced employees, to obtain the services
 of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or
 supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties.

 Our ability to
 recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on
 future cash flows and taxable income.

 We recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax
 assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than
 not of being realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is
 applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the
 recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to
 make significant estimates related to expectations of future
 taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on
 forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of
 existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the extent that
 future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from
 estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could
 be impacted. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could
 limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented
 by our deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2009 the
 Company’s current and long-term deferred tax assets were
 $215 and $937, respectively.

 21

Table of Contents

 Returns for
 investments in pension plans are uncertain.

 We maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide
 for specified payments after retirement. The ability of the
 pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our
 funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the
 plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to
 fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions.
 A sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could
 require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than
 anticipated. During the second half of 2008 and early 2009, the
 value of the investments in our pension plans decreased
 significantly. While the plans have sufficient assets to meet
 benefit payments in the near term, the plans are underfunded for
 purposes of long-term sustainable payout to all employees.
 During the later part of 2009, the value of the investments in
 our pension plans improved, but not to the mid-2008 levels. If
 the plan investment values do not recover sufficiently, we may
 be required to increase the amount of future cash contributions.
 For a more detailed discussion of the funding status and
 expected benefit payments to plan participants, see the
 discussion in Employee-Related Benefits, Note 22 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.