(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per
 pound amounts)

 Every investor or potential investor in Newmont should carefully
 consider the following risks, which have been separated into two
 groups:

 • 

 Risks related to the mining industry generally; and

 • 

 Risks related to Newmont.

 Risks Related to
 the Mining Industry Generally

 A Substantial
 or Extended Decline in Gold or Copper Prices Would Have a
 Material Adverse Effect on Newmont

 Our business is dependent on the realized price of gold and
 copper, which are affected by numerous factors beyond our
 control. Factors tending to put downward pressure on prices
 include:

 • 

 Sales or leasing of gold by governments and central banks;

 • 

 U.S. dollar strength;

 • 

 Recession or reduced economic activity;

 • 

 Speculative selling;

 • 

 Decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand;

 • 

 Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap;

 • 

 Sales by producers in forward and other hedging
 transactions; and

 • 

 Devaluing local currencies (relative to gold and copper priced
 in U.S. dollars) leading to lower production costs and
 higher production in certain regions.

 Any drop in the realized price of gold or copper adversely
 impacts our revenues, net income and cash flows, particularly in
 light of our strategy of not hedging revenues. We have recorded
 asset write-downs in the past and may experience additional
 impairments as a result of low gold or copper prices in the
 future.

 8

Table of Contents

 In addition, sustained low gold or copper prices can:

 • 

 Reduce revenues further through production declines due to
 cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits,
 that have become uneconomic at the then-prevailing gold or
 copper price;

 • 

 Reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore
 stockpiles and ore on leach pads;

 • 

 Halt or delay the development of new projects;

 • 

 Reduce funds available for exploration; and

 • 

 Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can
 no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices.

 Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper
 Price.

 Gold and
 Copper Producers Must Continually Replace Reserves Depleted By
 Production

 Gold and copper producers must continually replace reserves
 depleted by production. Depleted reserves must be replaced by
 expanding known ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order
 to maintain production levels over the long term. Exploration is
 highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently
 is unproductive. Our new or ongoing exploration programs may not
 result in new mineral producing operations. In addition, for the
 year 2009, we anticipate that the global exploration budget will
 be reduced significantly, which may adversely affect the timing
 and extent of new mineral discoveries and the replacement of
 reserves. Once mineralization is discovered, it will likely take
 many years from the initial phases of exploration until
 production, during which time the economic feasibility of
 production may change.

 Estimates of
 Proven and Probable Reserves Are Uncertain

 Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to
 considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent,
 based on the price of gold and interpretations of geologic data
 obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques.
 Producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of capital
 and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of
 ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of
 the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore,
 the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and
 processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs
 and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from
 original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the
 initial phase of exploration before production and, during that
 time, the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may
 change.

 Increased
 Costs Could Affect Profitability

 Costs at any particular mining location frequently are subject
 to variation due to a number of factors, such as changing ore
 grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in
 response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In
 addition, costs are affected by the price of input commodities,
 such as fuel, electricity and labor. Commodity costs are at
 times subject to volatile price movements, including increases
 that could make production at certain operations less
 profitable. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in
 accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any
 significant location could have a significant effect on our
 profitability and cash flow. In 2008 and 2007, we incurred
 significant increases in the costs of labor, fuel, power and
 other bulk consumables, which increased reported Costs
 applicable to sales, in addition to increasing the costs of
 capital projects.

 We anticipate significant capital expenditures over the next
 several years in connection with the development of new projects
 and sustaining existing operations. Costs associated with
 capital expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis
 over the last several years, as a result of

 9

Table of Contents

 major factors beyond our control, including the prices of oil,
 steel and other commodities and labor. Increased costs for
 capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the
 profitability of existing mining operations and economic returns
 anticipated from new mining projects.

 Shortages of
 Critical Parts, Equipment and Skilled Labor May Adversely Affect
 Our Operations and Development Projects

 The industry has been impacted by increased demand for critical
 resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, tires
 and skilled labor. These shortages have caused unanticipated
 cost increases and delays in delivery times, thereby impacting
 operating costs, capital expenditures and production schedules.

 Mining
 Accidents or Other Adverse Events or Conditions at a Mining
 Location Could Reduce Our Production Levels

 At any of our operations, production may fall below historic or
 expected levels as a result of mining accidents such as a pit
 wall failure in an open pit mine, cave-ins or flooding at
 underground mines. In addition, production may be unexpectedly
 reduced at a location if, during the course of mining,
 unfavorable ground conditions or seismic activity, extreme or
 prolonged storm events, or prolonged adverse climate changes are
 encountered; ore grades are lower than expected; the physical or
 metallurgical characteristics of the ore are less amenable to
 mining or treatment than expected; or our equipment, processes
 or facilities fail to operate properly or as expected.

 Mining
 Companies Are Subject to Extensive Environmental Laws and
 Regulations

 Our exploration, mining and processing operations are regulated
 in all countries in which we operate under various federal,
 state, provincial and local laws relating to the protection of
 the environment, which generally include air and water quality,
 hazardous waste management and reclamation. Delays in obtaining,
 or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals may
 adversely impact our operations. The regulatory environment in
 which we operate could change in ways that would substantially
 increase costs to achieve compliance, or otherwise could have a
 material adverse effect on our operations or financial position.
 For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental
 liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters,
 Note 33 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Risks Related to
 Newmont

 Our Operations
 Outside North America and Australia/New Zealand Are Subject to
 Risks of Doing Business Abroad

 Exploration, development, production and closure activities
 outside of North America and Australia/New Zealand are
 potentially subject to heightened political and economic risks,
 including:

 • 

 Cancellation or renegotiation of contracts;

 • 

 Disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that
 are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

 • 

 Changes in foreign laws or regulations;

 • 

 Royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities,
 including retroactive claims;

 • 

 Expropriation or nationalization of property;

 • 

 Currency fluctuations (particularly in countries with high
 inflation);

 • 

 Foreign exchange controls;

 10

Table of Contents

 • 

 Restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell
 gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such
 companies to hold U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies
 in offshore bank accounts;

 • 

 Import and export regulations, including restrictions on the
 export of gold;

 • 

 Restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore;

 • 

 Risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla
 activities, insurrection and terrorism;

 • 

 Risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health
 issues; and

 • 

 Other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in
 which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in
 contracts with government owned entities.

 Consequently, our exploration, development and production
 activities outside of North America and Australia/New Zealand
 may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control,
 some of which could materially adversely affect our financial
 position or results of operations. Furthermore, if a dispute
 arises from such activities, we may be subject to the exclusive
 jurisdiction of courts outside North America or Australia/New
 Zealand, which could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute.

 Our Batu Hijau
 Operation in Indonesia is Subject to Political and Economic
 Risks

 We have a substantial investment in Indonesia, a nation that
 since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its
 currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence, changes
 in national leadership, and the secession of East Timor, one of
 its former provinces. These factors heighten the risk of abrupt
 changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which
 in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions
 or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or permit
 renewals or expropriation of assets. Subsequent to the
 commencement of operations, the government purported to
 designate the land surrounding the Batu Hijau operation as a
 “protection” forest, which has made operating permits
 more difficult to obtain. In 2009, presidential and
 parliamentary elections are scheduled to take place, the results
 of which may affect the position of the Indonesian government
 relating to mining in general or relative to our assets and
 operations.

 Recent violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and
 other countries, and the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq
 and Afghanistan, may increase the risk that operations owned by
 U.S. companies will be the target of violence. If our Batu
 Hijau operation was so targeted it could have an adverse effect
 on our business.

 Our Batu Hijau
 Operation in Indonesia May be Adversely Affected by a Delay in
 Receiving Certain Permits

 For over three years, we have been in discussions with the
 Indonesian government to renew a forest use permit (called a
 “Pinjam Pakai”) related to Batu Hijau. In 2005,
 Indonesian governmental authorities reviewed the contractual
 requirements for extension of the Pinjam Pakai and determined
 that P.T. Newmont Nusa Tenggara, the subsidiary that owns
 Batu Hijau (“PTNNT”) met those requirements. This
 permit is a key requirement to continue to operate Batu Hijau
 efficiently, in addition to the ultimate life of the mine and
 recoverability of reserves. However, the permit extension has
 not been received as of the date of this Annual Report. The
 resulting delay has adversely impacted the Batu Hijau mine plan,
 and may adversely impact future operating and financial results,
 including deferment or cancellation of future development and
 operations.

 Our Interest
 in PT Newmont Nusa Tenggara (“PTNNT”) in Indonesia May
 be Reduced or Terminated under the Contract of
 Work

 We operate Batu Hijau, a producer of copper/gold concentrates,
 and currently have a 45% ownership interest in the Batu Hijau
 mine, held through the Nusa Tenggara Partnership
 (“NTP”) with an affiliate of Sumitomo Corporation of
 Japan. We have a 56.25% interest in NTP and the Sumitomo

 11

Table of Contents

 affiliate holds the remaining 43.75%. NTP in turn owns 80% of
 PTNNT, the Indonesian subsidiary that owns Batu Hijau. The
 remaining 20% interest in PTNNT is owned by P.T. Pukuafu
 Indah (“PTPI”), an unrelated Indonesian company.

 Under the Contract of Work executed between the Indonesian
 government and PTNNT, beginning in 2006 and continuing through
 2010, a portion of PTNNT’s shares must be offered for sale,
 first, to the Indonesian government or, second, to Indonesian
 nationals, such portion equal to the difference between the
 following percentages and the percentage of shares already owned
 by the Indonesian government or Indonesian nationals (if such
 number is positive): 23% by March 31, 2006; 30% by
 March 31, 2007; 37% by March 31, 2008; 44% by
 March 31, 2009; and 51% by March 31, 2010. The price
 at which such interest must be offered for sale to the
 Indonesian parties is the highest of the then-current
 replacement cost, the price at which shares would be accepted
 for listing on the Jakarta Stock Exchange, or the fair market
 value of such interest as a going concern, as agreed with the
 Indonesian government. Pursuant to this provision, it is
 possible that the ownership interest of the Newmont-Sumitomo
 partnership in PTNNT could be reduced to 49%, thus reducing our
 ability to control the operation at Batu Hijau.

 PTPI has owned and continues to own a 20% interest in PTNNT, and
 therefore NTP was required to offer a 3% interest in the shares
 of PTNNT for sale in 2006 and an additional 7% interest in each
 of 2007 and 2008. A further 7% interest in the shares of PTNNT
 will be offered for sale in March 2009. In accordance with the
 Contract of Work, an offer to sell a 3% interest was made to the
 government of Indonesia in 2006 and an offer for an additional
 7% interest was made in each of 2007 and 2008. While the central
 government declined to participate in the offer, local
 governments in the area in which Batu Hijau is located have
 expressed interest in acquiring shares, as have various
 Indonesian nationals. In January 2008, NTP agreed to sell, under
 a carried interest arrangement, 2% of PTNNT’s shares to
 Kabupaten Sumbawa, one of the local governments, subject to
 satisfaction of closing conditions. On February 11, 2008,
 PTNNT received a notification from the Department of Energy and
 Mineral Resources (the “DEMR”) alleging that PTNNT was
 in breach of its divestiture requirements under the Contract of
 Work and threatening to issue a notice to terminate the Contract
 of Work if PTNNT did not agree to divest, by February 22,
 2008, the 2006 and 2007 shares, in accordance with the
 direction of the DEMR. A second Notice of Default was received
 relating to the alleged failure to divest the 2008 shares.
 Newmont and Sumitomo believe there is no basis under the
 Contract of Work for these notifications and no grounds for
 terminating the Contract of Work. In March 2008, both the DEMR
 and PTNNT filed for international arbitration as provided under
 the Contract for Work and an arbitration hearing was held in
 Jakarta in December 2008. We anticipate a ruling will be issued
 in the first half of 2009. If the Contract of Work were to be
 terminated pursuant to the pending ruling, PTNNT’s rights
 to conduct mining may be curtailed or terminated.

 Our Operations
 in Peru are Subject to Political Risks

 During the last several years, Yanacocha, in which we own a
 51.35% interest, has been the target of numerous local political
 protests, including ones that blocked the road between the
 Yanacocha mine complex and the City of Cajamarca in Peru. In
 2004, local opposition to the Cerro Quilish project (which is
 located adjacent to Yanacocha) became so pronounced that
 Yanacocha decided to relinquish its drilling permit for Cerro
 Quilish and the deposit was reclassified from proven and
 probable reserves to non-reserve mineralization. In 2006 a road
 blockade was carried out by members of the Combayo community.
 This blockade was unrelated to Cerro Quilish and resulted in a
 brief cessation of mining activities. We cannot predict whether
 similar or more significant incidents will occur and the
 recurrence of significant community opposition or protests could
 adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and operations. In
 2007, 2008 and thus far in 2009, no material roadblocks or
 protests occurred involving Yanacocha.

 Presidential, congressional and regional elections took place in
 Peru in 2006, with the new national government taking office in
 July 2006. In December 2006, Yanacocha, along with other mining
 companies in Peru, entered into an agreement with the central
 government to contribute

 12

Table of Contents

 3.75% of net profits to fund social development projects.
 Although the current government has generally taken positions
 promoting private investment, we cannot predict future
 government positions on foreign investment, mining concessions,
 land tenure, environmental regulation or taxation. A change in
 government positions on these issues could adversely affect
 Yanacocha’s assets and operations.

 Our Success
 Depends on Our Social and Environmental
 Performance

 Our ability to operate successfully in communities around the
 world will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and
 close mines in a manner that is consistent with the health and
 safety of our employees, the protection of the environment, and
 the creation of long-term economic and social opportunities in
 the communities in which we operate. We have implemented a
 management system designed to promote continuous improvement in
 health and safety, environmental performance and community
 relations. However, our ability to operate could be adversely
 impacted by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be
 detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the
 environment or the communities in which we operate.

 Remediation
 Costs for Environmental Liabilities May Exceed the Provisions We
 Have Made

 We have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive
 sites in the United States. We are conducting mill remediation
 activities at a third site in the United States, an inactive
 uranium mine and mill formerly operated by a subsidiary of
 Newmont, but remediation at the mine is subject to dispute. In
 late 2008, the EPA issued an order regarding water management at
 the mine. Remediation work at the mine site has not yet
 commenced. The environmental standards that may ultimately be
 imposed at this site remain uncertain and a risk exists that the
 costs of remediation may exceed the financial accruals that have
 been made for such remediation by a material amount. For a more
 detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see
 the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 33 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes
 known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased,
 the amount of that liability and additional cost will be
 recorded at that time and could materially reduce net income in
 that period.

 Currency
 Fluctuations May Affect Costs

 Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our
 operations. Gold is sold throughout the world based principally
 on the U.S. dollar price, but a portion of our operating
 expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of
 non-U.S. dollar
 currencies against the U.S. dollar increases the costs of
 gold production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located
 outside the United States.

 The foreign currency that primarily impacts our results of
 operations is the Australian dollar. We estimate that every
 $0.10 increase in U.S. dollar / Australian dollar
 exchange rate increases annually the U.S. dollar Costs
 applicable to sales by approximately $35 or $40 for each
 ounce of gold produced from operations in Australia before
 taking into account the impact of currency hedging. During 2008,
 the Australian dollar depreciated by approximately $0.19 per
 U.S. dollar, or approximately 22%. In mid-2007, we
 implemented derivative programs to hedge up to 75% of our future
 forecasted Australian dollar denominated operating and capital
 expenditures to reduce the variability in our Australian dollar
 denominated expenditures. As of December 31, 2008, we have
 hedged 66%, 38% and 12% of our forecasted Australian denominated
 operating costs in 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively. We have
 also hedged 83% of our 66.67% ownership forecasted Australian
 denominated capital expenditures at Boddington in 2009. Our
 Australian dollar derivative programs will limit the benefit to
 the Company of future decreases if any, in the US
 dollar/Australian dollar exchange rates. For additional
 information, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations, Results of Consolidated Operations, Foreign Currency
 Exchange Rates, below. For a

 13

Table of Contents

 more detailed description of how currency exchange rates may
 affect costs, see discussion in Foreign Currency in
 Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Discussions About
 Market Risk.

 Future Funding
 Requirements May Affect Our Business

 The construction of the Boddington project in Australia, as well
 as potential future investments including the Akyem project in
 Ghana, the Conga project in Peru, the Hope Bay project in
 Nunavut, Canada, and various exploration projects will require
 significant funding. Our operating cash flow may become
 insufficient to meet all of these expenditures, depending on the
 timing and costs of development of these and other projects. As
 a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the
 funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing
 business activities and pay dividends. Our ability to raise and
 service significant new sources of capital will be a function of
 macroeconomic conditions, future gold and copper prices, our
 operational performance and our current cash flow and debt
 position, among other factors. Given the limited global
 availability of credit for use in connection with capital
 projects, and given our existing debt position, we may determine
 that in order to retain our investment grade rating, we may need
 to issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects
 or sell assets. In the event of lower gold and copper prices,
 unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding
 limitations, our ability to pursue new business opportunities,
 invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business
 activities, retire or service all outstanding debt and pay
 dividends could be significantly constrained.

 Any Downgrade
 in the Credit Ratings Assigned to our Debt Securities could
 Increase our Future Borrowing Costs and Adversely Affect the
 Availability of New Financing

 Currently, Standard & Poor’s Rating Services
 rates Newmont Mining Corporation BBB+, with negative outlook,
 and Moody’s Investors Service rates Newmont Mining
 Corporation Baa2, with stable outlook. There can be no assurance
 that any rating assigned will remain for any given period of
 time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating
 agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to the
 basis of the rating, so warrant. If we are unable to maintain
 our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable
 to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects
 deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating
 agencies, which could adversely affect the value of our
 outstanding securities, our existing debt and the availability
 of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all, increase
 our borrowing costs and impair our results of operations and
 financial condition. See also “Future Funding Requirements
 may Affect our Business” and “Current Global Financial
 Conditions could Adversely Affect the Availability of New
 Financing and our Operations.”

 Current Global
 Financial Conditions could Adversely Affect the Availability of
 New Financing and our Operations

 Current global financial conditions have been characterized by
 increased market volatility. Several financial institutions have
 either gone into bankruptcy or have had to be re-capitalized by
 governmental authorities. Access to financing has been
 negatively impacted by both the rapid decline in value of
 sub-prime mortgages and the liquidity crisis affecting the
 asset-backed commercial paper market. These factors may
 adversely affect our ability to obtain equity or debt financing
 in the future on terms favorable to us. Additionally, these
 factors, as well as other related factors, may cause decreases
 in asset values that are deemed to be other than temporary,
 which may result in impairment losses. If such increased levels
 of volatility and market turmoil continue, our operations could
 be adversely impacted.

 14

Table of Contents

 Cost Estimates
 and Timing of New Projects Are Uncertain

 The capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines
 or other projects are considerable and changes in costs,
 construction schedules, or both, can affect project economics.
 There are a number of factors that can affect costs and
 construction schedules, including, among others:

 • 

 Availability of labor, power, transportation, commodities and
 infrastructure;

 • 

 Changes in input commodity prices and labor costs;

 • 

 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

 • 

 Availability and terms of financing;

 • 

 Difficulty of estimating construction costs over a period of
 years;

 • 

 Delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits;

 • 

 Weather and severe climate impacts; and

 • 

 Potential delays related to social and community issues.

 Our Operations
 May Be Adversely Affected By Power Shortages

 We have periodically experienced power shortages in Ghana
 resulting primarily from a nationwide drought, increasing
 demands for electricity, and insufficient hydroelectric or other
 generating capacity which caused curtailment of production at
 our Ahafo operations. As a result of the mining industry’s
 initiative to construct and install an 80 mega-watt power plant
 during 2007, the Ghanaian government has agreed, if required, to
 curtail power consumption as a result of power shortages, to
 distribute power proportionately between participating mines and
 other industrial and commercial users. Alternative sources of
 power may result in higher than anticipated costs, which will
 affect operating costs. Continued power shortages and increased
 costs may adversely affect our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 Occurrence of
 Events for Which We Are Not Insured May Affect Our Cash Flow and
 Overall Profitability

 We maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain
 risks related to our operations. This insurance is maintained in
 amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the
 circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, we may
 elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the
 high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for
 various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be
 available for certain risks. Some concern always exists with
 respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest,
 war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic
 crises are possible. These countries may also pose heightened
 risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption,
 increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and
 contracts. We do not maintain insurance policies against
 political risk. Occurrence of events for which we are not
 insured may affect our cash flow and overall profitability.

 Our Business
 Depends on Good Relations with Our Employees

 Due to union activities or other employee actions, we could
 experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions
 in production that could adversely affect us. As of
 December 31, 2008, union represented employees constituted
 approximately 44% of our worldwide work force. Currently, there
 are labor agreements in effect for all of these workers. We may
 be unable to resolve any future disputes without disruption to
 operations.

 15

Table of Contents

 Title to Some
 of Our Properties May Be Defective or Challenged

 Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties,
 title review does not necessarily preclude third parties from
 challenging our title or related property rights. While we
 believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some
 risk exists that some titles may be defective or subject to
 challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties
 could be subject to native title or traditional landowner
 claims, but such claims would not deprive us of the properties.
 For information regarding native title or traditional landowner
 claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand
 section of Item 2, Properties, below.

 Competition
 from Other Mining Companies May Harm our Business

 We compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key
 executives, skilled labor, contractors and other employees. We
 compete with other mining companies for the services of skilled
 personnel and contractors and for specialized equipment,
 components and supplies, such as drill rigs, necessary for
 exploration and development. We also compete with other mining
 companies for rights to mine properties containing gold and
 other minerals. We may be unable to continue to attract and
 retain skilled and experienced employees, to obtain the services
 of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or
 supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties.

 Certain
 Factors Outside of Our Control May Affect Our Ability to Support
 the Carrying Value of Goodwill

 As of December 31, 2008, the carrying value of goodwill was
 approximately $188 or 1% of our total assets. Goodwill was
 assigned to various mine site reporting units in the
 Australia/New Zealand Segment in connection with our February
 2002 acquisition of Normandy and represents the excess of the
 aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable
 net assets acquired. We evaluate, on at least an annual basis,
 the carrying amount of goodwill to determine whether current
 events and circumstances indicate that such carrying amount may
 no longer be recoverable. This evaluation involves a comparison
 of the estimated fair value of our reporting units to their
 carrying values. If the carrying amount of goodwill for any
 reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a non-cash
 impairment charge could result. Material risks that could
 potentially result in an impairment of goodwill include:
 (i) a significant decrease in our long-term gold price
 assumption; (ii) a decrease in reserves; (iii) a lack
 of exploration success which could result in a significant
 reduction in the estimated fair value of mine site exploration
 potential; and (iv) any event that might otherwise
 adversely affect mine site production levels, operating costs or
 capital costs. For a more detailed description of the estimates
 and assumptions involved in assessing the recoverability of the
 carrying value of goodwill, see Item 7, Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations, Critical Accounting Policies, below.

 Our Ability to
 Recognize the Benefits of Deferred Tax Assets is Dependent on
 Future Cash Flows and Taxable Income

 We recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax
 assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than
 not of being realized. Otherwise, a valuation allowance is
 applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the
 recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to
 make significant estimates related to expectations of future
 taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on
 forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of
 existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the extent that
 future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from
 estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could
 be impacted. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could
 limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented
 by our deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2008, the
 Company’s current and long-term deferred tax assets were
 $286 and $1,145, respectively.

 16

Table of Contents

 Returns for
 Investments in Pension Plans Are Uncertain

 We maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide
 for specified payments after retirement. The ability of the
 pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our
 funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the
 plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to
 fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions.
 A sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could
 require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than
 anticipated. During the second half of 2008, the value of the
 investments in our pension plans decreased significantly. While
 the plans have sufficient assets to meet benefit payments in the
 near term, the plans are underfunded for purposes of long-term
 sustainable payout to all employees. If the plan investment
 values do not recover sufficiently, we may be required to
 increase the amount of future cash contributions. For a more
 detailed discussion of the funding status and expected benefit
 payments to plan participants, see the discussion in
 Employee-Related Benefits, Note 22 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 The
 Acquisition of the Boddington Project is subject to the Receipt
 of Approvals from Regulatory Authorities, which may Impose
 Conditions that could Delay or Prevent the Completion of the
 Acquisition

 We can make no assurances that the pending acquisition of the
 remaining interest in the Boddington project will be completed.
 The completion of the acquisition is subject to satisfaction or
 waiver of certain conditions, including the receipt of approvals
 from the Australian Foreign Investment Review Board, Western
 Australia Ministry of Mines and South African Reserve Bank and
 the receipt of consents and agreements from third parties. These
 regulators may impose conditions on the completion, or require
 changes to the terms, of the acquisition. Any such conditions or
 changes could have the effect of delaying or preventing the
 closing of the acquisition or imposing additional costs on us or
 limiting our revenues following the acquisition.

 17

Table of Contents