(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) 

Our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. Every investor or potential investor in our securities
should carefully consider these risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. 

9 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

A substantial or extended decline in gold or copper prices would have a material adverse
effect on Newmont. 

Our business is dependent on the prices of gold and copper, which fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected
by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to influence prices include: 

•

 gold sales or leasing by governments and central banks or changes in their monetary policy, including gold inventory management and reallocation of reserves;

•

 speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold or copper; 

•

 the relative strength of the U.S. dollar; 

•

 expectations of the future rate of inflation; 

•

 interest rates; 

•

 recession or reduced economic activity in the United States, China, India and other industrialized or developing countries; 

•

 decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand; 

•

 increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; 

•

 forward sales by producers in hedging or similar transactions; and 

•

 availability of cheaper substitute materials. 

Any decline in our realized gold or copper price adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows, particularly in light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions with respect to
gold or copper. We have recorded asset write-downs in the past and may experience additional write-downs as a result of lower gold or copper prices in the future. 

In addition, sustained lower gold or copper prices can: 

•

 reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at
prevailing gold or copper prices; 

•

 reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads; 

•

 halt or delay the development of new projects; 

•

 reduce funds available for exploration with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and 

•

 reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. 

Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper Price. 

We may be unable to replace gold and copper reserves as they become depleted. 

Gold and
copper producers must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term and provide a return on invested capital. Depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including by expanding known ore
bodies, by locating new deposits, or by acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. Exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is unproductive. Our current or future exploration programs may not result in
new mineral producing operations. Even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may
change. 

We may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves related to development properties and operating mines. Such
acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash and other
operating costs. Other factors that affect our decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our assumptions for 

10 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

future gold or copper prices or other mineral prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the property and its operations and
projections of how these may change in the future. In addition, in connection with future acquisitions we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties and which may contain information or data that we are unable to independently verify or
confirm. Other than historical operating results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on our revenue, our cash and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate ore
reserves. In addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties. 

As a result of these
uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, results of operations and financial position. 

Estimates of proven and probable reserves and non reserve
mineralization are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates. 

The reserves stated
in this report represent the amount of gold and copper that we estimated, at December 31, 2011, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. Estimates of proven and probable reserves are
subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold and copper and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques. Producers use feasibility studies to
derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable
facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phases of
exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change. 

In addition, if the
price of gold or copper declines from recent levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, we can offer no assurance that the indicated level of recovery will be realized
or that mineral reserves as currently reported can be mined or processed profitably. If we determine that certain of our ore reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves. Consequently,
if our actual mineral reserves and resources are less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position may be materially impaired. 

Increased operating costs could affect our profitability. 

Costs at any particular
mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the
price of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel and concrete. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations
less profitable. Further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses and transport. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a
significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. 

We could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over
the next several years in connection with the development of new projects in challenging jurisdictions and in sustaining existing operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures have escalated on an industry-wide basis over the last several
years, as a result of factors beyond our control, including the prices of oil, steel and 

11 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

other commodities and labor. Increased costs for capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of existing operations and economic returns anticipated from new projects.

Estimates relating to new development projects are uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than
estimated. 

Mine development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development
phase before production is possible. Such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during development, construction and mine start-up. 

Our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of feasibility studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. The actual project profitability or economic feasibility may
differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others: 

•

 changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of ore to be mined and processed; 

•

 higher input commodity and labor costs; 

•

 the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; 

•

 adverse geotechnical conditions; 

•

 availability of adequate and skilled labor force and supply and cost of water and power; 

•

 fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates; 

•

 availability and terms of financing; 

•

 delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project
development; 

•

 changes in tax laws; 

•

 weather or severe climate impacts; and 

•

 potential delays relating to social and community issues, including, without limitation, issues resulting in protests, road blockages or work stoppages.

Our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of current production with new
production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position. 

We may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining.

The exploration for natural resources and the development and production of mining operations are activities that involve a high
level of uncertainty. These can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

•

 environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, pollutants or hazardous chemicals; 

•

 industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation of mining transportation equipment and accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of
large-scale blasting operations, milling equipment and conveyor systems; 

•

 underground fires or floods; 

•

 unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in mineral or gaseous form); 

•

 ground and water conditions; 

•

 fall-of-ground accidents in underground operations; 

•

 failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls; 

•

 seismic activity; and 

•

 other natural phenomena, such as lightning, cyclonic or tropical storms, floods or other inclement weather conditions. 

12 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

The occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with our exploration activities and
development and production of mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of mining equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production
facilities, monetary losses, deferral or unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial
position. 

Shortages of critical parts and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects.

The mining industry has been impacted by increased demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment
and tires. These shortages have, at times, impacted the efficiency of our operations, and resulted in cost increases and delays in construction of projects; thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and production and construction
schedules. 

Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which
they operate, and are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 

As a result of public concern
about the real or perceived detrimental effects of economic globalization and global climate impacts, businesses generally and large multinational corporations in natural resources industries, such as Newmont, in particular, face increasing public
scrutiny of their activities. These businesses are under pressure to demonstrate that, as they seek to generate satisfactory returns on investment to shareholders, other stakeholders, including employees, governments, communities surrounding
operations and the countries in which they operate, benefit and will continue to benefit from their commercial activities. Such pressures tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are perceived to have a high impact on their
social and physical environment. The potential consequences of these pressures include reputational damage, legal suits and social investment obligations. 

In addition, our ability to successfully obtain key permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to successfully operate in communities around the world will likely depend on our ability to
develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. Our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to
successfully operate in particular communities may be adversely impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, human health and safety of communities in
which we operate. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals may adversely affect our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations. Key permits and
approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be varied in a manner that adversely affects our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations. 

Our exploration, development, mining and processing operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing worker health and safety and
land use and the protection of the environment, which generally apply to air and water quality, protection of endangered, protected or other specified species, hazardous waste management and reclamation. Some of the countries in which we operate
have implemented, and are developing, laws and regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. We have made, and expect to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. Compliance with
these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and burdens, and can cause delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals which may adversely impact our closure processes and operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

Future changes in applicable laws, regulations, permits and approvals or changes in their
enforcement or regulatory interpretation could substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, lead to the revocation of existing or future exploration or mining rights or otherwise have an adverse impact on our results of operations and
financial position. For instance, the operation of our mines in the United States is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (“MSHA”) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the “Mine
Act”). MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. If such inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines, penalties or
sanctions and our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Over the past several years MSHA has significantly increased the numbers
of citations and orders charged against mining operations and increased the dollar penalties assessed for citations issued. 

In addition,
the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) is currently seeking to regulate as hazardous waste under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”) process solution streams derived from core beneficiation
operations, such as our roasting operations, in Nevada. Historically, such streams have been considered exempt from RCRA and have been regulated by the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection. The regulation of these streams as hazardous waste
under RCRA could subject us to civil and criminal penalties for past practices and require us to incur substantial future costs to modify our waste water collection systems and retrofit our tailings storage facilities at our Nevada mining
operations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

Increased global attention or
regulation on water quality discharge, such as recently enacted water quality legislation applicable to our operations in Peru, and on restricting or prohibiting the use of cyanide and other hazardous substances in processing activities could
similarly have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position due to increased compliance and input costs. 

We
have implemented a management system designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. However, our ability to operate, and thus, our results of operations and our financial position,
could be adversely affected by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate. 

Mine closure and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made. 

Natural resource companies are required to close their operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in accordance with a variety of
environmental laws and regulations. Estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs for gold and copper mining operations are significant and based principally on current legal and regulatory requirements and mine closure plans that
may change materially. For example, we have conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive sites in the United States. We are conducting remediation activities at a third site in the United States, an inactive uranium mine and mill site
formerly operated by a subsidiary of Newmont. 

Any underestimated or unanticipated rehabilitation costs could materially affect our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known, are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a
previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to Newmont stockholders in the related period. In
addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse

14 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

effect on our financial position. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

The laws and regulations governing mine closure and remediation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any
time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. 

Regulations and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

Producing gold is an energy-intensive business, resulting in a significant carbon
footprint. Energy costs account for about a quarter of our overall operating costs, with our principal energy sources being purchased electricity, diesel fuel, gasoline, natural gas and coal. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impacts of
climate change that are viewed as the result of emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels. The December 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which ends in 2012, established a set of greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for developed countries that
have ratified the Protocol, which include Australia and New Zealand. The United States signed but never ratified the Protocol and Canada recently pulled out of the Protocol. Ghana, Indonesia, and Peru ratified the Protocol but as developing
countries are not subject to greenhouse gas emission reductions. The Conference of Parties 15 (“COP15”) of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change held in Copenhagen, Denmark in December 2009 was to determine the path
forward after the Kyoto Protocol ends. COP15 resulted in the Copenhagen Accord (the “Accord”), a non-binding document calling for economy-wide emissions targets for 2020. Prior to the January 31, 2010 deadline, the United States,
Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia, Ghana and Peru re-affirmed their commitment to the Accord. 

Some of the countries in which we operate
have implemented, and are developing, laws and regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. In December 2009, the EPA issued an endangerment finding under the U.S. Clean Air Act that current and projected concentrations of
certain mixed greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, in the atmosphere threaten the public health and welfare. Regulations have been adopted and additional laws or regulations may be promulgated in the United States to address the concerns
raised by such endangerment finding. To date, U.S. regulations do not impose carbon tax on our operations but may in the future. Australia passed the Clean Energy Act in 2011 that sets up a mechanism to combat climate change by imposing a
“carbon tax” on greenhouse gas emissions and encourages investment in clean energy. The legislation takes effect on July 1, 2012 and will have an impact to our Australian operations of $30 - $40 million annually. 

Non-governmental climate change requirements are beginning to be implemented. For example, Hope Bay is required to comply with the Mining
Association of Canada’s Toward Sustainable Mining initiative to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions and Conga is required to comply with International Finance Corporation Performance Standards to report and reduce greenhouse
gas emissions. This is a trend that is likely to continue. 

Legislation and increased regulation and requirements regarding climate
change could impose increased costs on us, our venture partners and our suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Until the timing, scope and
extent of any future requirements becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our financial condition, financial position, results of operations and ability to compete. 

15 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

The potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would
be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact
the cost, production and financial performance of our operations. 

Our operations are subject to risks of doing business.

Exploration, development, production and mine closure activities are subject to regional, political, economic, community and
other risks of doing business, including: 

•

 disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to the rigorous laws and regulations of the U.S. or other jurisdictions,
including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act; 

•

 changes in laws or regulations; 

•

 royalty and tax increases or claims, including retroactive increases and claims and requests to renegotiate terms of existing royalties and taxes, by
governmental entities, including such increases, claims and/or requests by the governments of Ghana, Indonesia, Australia, Peru, the United States and the State of Nevada; 

•

 increases in training and other costs and challenges relating to requirements by governmental entities to employ the nationals of the country in which a
particular operation is located; 

•

 delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, necessary governmental permits and approvals; 

•

 claims for increased mineral royalties or ownership interests by local or indigenous communities; 

•

 expropriation or nationalization of property; 

•

 currency fluctuations, particularly in countries with high inflation; 

•

 foreign exchange controls; 

•

 restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold U.S. dollars or
other foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts; 

•

 import and export regulations, including restrictions on the export of gold; 

•

 increases in costs relating to, or restrictions or prohibitions on, the use of ports for concentrate storage and shipping, such as in relation to our Boddington
and Batu Hijau operations where use of alternative ports is not currently economically feasible or in relation to our ability to procure economically feasible ports for developing projects; 

•

 restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore or to otherwise repatriate funds; 

•

 risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; 

•

 risk of loss due to criminal activities such as trespass, illegal mining, theft and vandalism; 

•

 risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health issues; 

•

 disadvantages relating to submission to the jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitration panels or enforcement or appeals of judgments at foreign courts or
arbitration panels against a sovereign nation within its own territory; and 

•

 other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned
entities such as unilateral cancellation or renegotiation of contracts, licenses or other mining rights. 

Consequently,
our exploration, development and production activities may be affected by these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, some of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

Our Batu Hijau operation in Indonesia is subject to political and economic risks.

We have a substantial investment in Indonesia, a nation that since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its
currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence and acts of terrorism, changes in national leadership, devolution of authority to regional governments, and the secession of East Timor, one of its former provinces. These factors heighten the
risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased taxation and royalties (at both the national and regional level), denial of permits
or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. In regard to issues of resource nationalism, certain government officials and members of parliament may have a preference for national mining companies to own Indonesia’s mineral assets and the
government has advocated policies intended to result in development of additional in-country processing of minerals mined in Indonesia and restrictions on exportation including the smelting and exportation of copper concentrates. 

Violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and other countries and the presence of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, as well as U.S.
involvement in other conflicts in the Middle East, may increase the risk that operations owned by U.S. companies will be the target of violence. If our Batu Hijau operation were so targeted it could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our Batu Hijau operation faced demonstrations by the local community in 2011 relating to a worker recruitment process, including
protests and roadblocks. We cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur and the recurrence of significant opposition from the local community could disrupt mining activities and, thereby, adversely affect Batu
Hijau’s assets and operations. Batu Hijau also faced a temporary work stoppage in 2011 arising from a dispute regarding overtime pay, and the operation’s collective bargaining agreement with the workforce is subject to renewal later this
year. Indonesia has seen greater worker and union activism in recent times, and a strike or protracted labor agreement negotiation could adversely affect Batu Hijau’s operations. 

Over the years, we are required to apply for renewals of certain key permits related to Batu Hijau. PT Newmont Nusa Tenggara (“PTNNT”),
the entity operating Batu Hijau, employs a submarine tailings placement (“STP”) system. The STP system is operated pursuant to a permit from the government of Indonesia that was renewed in 2011, but is subject to challenge in connection
with certain legal proceedings. See Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion of pending litigation. A loss of the STP permit would be expected to adversely impact Batu Hijau operations and may adversely impact
our future operating and financial results. 

Our ownership interest in Batu Hijau has been reduced in accordance with the Contract
of Work issued by the Indonesian Government and future reductions in our interest in PTNNT may result in our loss of control over the Batu Hijau operations. 

We currently have a 31.5% direct ownership interest in PTNNT, held through Nusa Tenggara Partnership B.V. (“NTPBV”), which is owned with an affiliate of Sumitomo Corporation of Japan
(“Sumitomo”). We have a 56.25% interest in NTPBV and a Sumitomo affiliate holds the remaining 43.75%. NTPBV in turn owns 56% of PTNNT, the Indonesian subsidiary that owns Batu Hijau. In December 2009, Newmont entered into a transaction
with P.T. Pukuafu Indah (“PTPI”), an unrelated non-controlling shareholder in PTNNT, whereby we agreed to advance certain funds to PTPI in exchange for (i) a pledge of PTPI’s 20% shareholding in PTNNT, (ii) an assignment of
dividends payable on the shares, net of withholding tax, (iii) a commitment to support the application of our standards to the operation of the Batu Hijau mine, and (iv) as of September 16, 2011, powers of attorney to vote and sell
the PTNNT shares in support of the pledge, enforceable in an event of default as further security for the funding. On June 25, 2010, to effectuate PTPI’s desire to sell the shares, PTPI completed the sale of approximately a 2.2% interest
in PTNNT to PT Indonesia Masbaga Investama (“PTIMI”), and Newmont entered into a transaction with PTIMI whereby we agreed to 

17 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

advance certain funds to PTIMI in exchange for (i) a pledge of PTIMI’s 2.2% shareholding in PTNNT, (ii) an assignment of dividends payable on the shares, net of withholding tax,
and (iii) a commitment to support the application of our standards to the operation of the Batu Hijau mine. Under the terms of the transaction, the Company has no powers of attorney or other right to vote PTIMI’s shares. Based on the above
transactions, Newmont recognizes an additional 17% effective economic interest in PTNNT. Combined with Newmont’s 56.25% ownership in NTPBV, Newmont has a 48.5% effective economic interest in PTNNT and continues to consolidate Batu Hijau in its
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Under the Contract of Work executed in 1986 between the Indonesian government and PTNNT (the
“Contract of Work”), 51% of PTNNT’s shares were required to be offered for sale, first, to the Indonesian government or, second, to Indonesian nationals by March 31, 2010. On May 6, 2011 we announced that a definitive
agreement was signed with an agency of the Indonesian Government’s Ministry of Finance for the sale of the final 7% divestiture stake in PTNNT. Subsequently, a dispute over the legality of the purchase under relevant laws and regulations has
arisen between certain members of parliament and the Ministry of Finance, and the transaction has not yet closed. Upon closing of the transaction, our ownership interest in the Batu Hijau mine’s production, assets and proven and probable equity
reserves will be reduced to a 27.56% direct ownership interest as NTPBV’s ownership interest in PTNNT will be reduced to 49%, thus potentially reducing our ability to control the operation at Batu Hijau. In addition, we will have a 17%
effective economic interest in PTNNT following the closing of the transaction through financing arrangements with existing shareholders, and we have identified Variable Interest Entities in connection with our economic interests in PTNNT due to
certain funding arrangements and shareholder commitments. Therefore, we expect to continue to consolidate PTNNT in our Consolidated Financial Statements after the final 7% sale is completed. Loss of control over PTNNT operations may result in our
deconsolidation of PTNNT for accounting purposes, which would reduce our reported consolidated sales, total assets and operating cash flows. See Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the PTNNT share divestiture.

As part of the negotiation of the divestiture share sale agreements with PT Multi Daerah Bersaing (“PTMDB”), the nominee of
the local governments, the parties executed an operating agreement (the “Operating Agreement”), under which each recognizes the rights of Newmont and Sumitomo to apply their operating standards to the management of PTNNT’s operations,
including standards for safety, environmental stewardship and community responsibility. The Operating Agreement became effective in February 2010 and will continue for so long as Newmont and Sumitomo collectively own more shares of PTNNT than PTMDB.
If the Operating Agreement terminates, then Newmont may lose control over the applicable operating standards for Batu Hijau and will be at risk for operations conducted in a manner that either detracts from value or results in safety, environmental
or social standards below those adhered to by Newmont and Sumitomo. 

The Contract of Work has been and may continue to be the
subject of dispute, legal review, or requests for renegotiation by the Indonesian government, and is subject to termination by the Indonesian government if we do not comply with our obligations, which would result in the loss of all or much of the
value of Batu Hijau. 

The divestiture provisions of the Contract of Work have been the subject of dispute. In 2008, the Ministry
of Energy and Mineral Resources of the Indonesian government (the “MEMR”) alleged that PTNNT was in breach of its divestiture requirements under the Contract of Work and threatened to terminate the Contract of Work if PTNNT did not agree
to divest shares in accordance with the direction of the MEMR. The matter was resolved by an international arbitration panel in March 2009. The arbitration decision led to NTPBV divesting 24% of PTNNT’s shares to PTMDB, the party nominated by
the MEMR. 

Although the Indonesian government has acknowledged that PTNNT is currently in compliance with the Contract of Work, future
disputes may arise under the Contract of Work. Moreover, there have 

18 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

been statements, from time to time, by some within the Indonesian government who advocate elimination of Contracts of Work and who may try to instigate future disputes surrounding the Contract of
Work, particularly given that Batu Hijau is one of the largest businesses within the country. Although any dispute under the Contract of Work is subject to international arbitration, there can be no assurance that we would prevail in any such
dispute and any termination of the Contract of Work could result in substantial diminution in the value of our interests in PTNNT. See Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the disputes involving the Contract of
Work. 

In January 2009, the Indonesian Government passed a new mining law. While the law preserves the right of PTNNT to operate our Batu
Hijau operations pursuant to the Contract of Work, the Indonesian government is seeking to renegotiate certain provisions of the Contract of Work to conform to certain provisions of the new mining law, which could include requests for, among other
things, higher royalty rates. In January 2012, the President of Indonesia appointed a committee to evaluate the process of conforming Contracts of Work to the 2009 mining law. 

Our operations at Yanacocha and the development of our Conga Project in Peru are subject to political and social unrest risks, which have resulted most recently in the suspension of construction activities in
our Conga project. 

During the last several years, Minera
Yanacocha S.R.L. (“Yanacocha”), in which we own a 51.35% interest, and whose properties include the mining operations at Yanacocha and the Conga project in Peru, has been the target of local political and community protests, some of which
blocked the road between the Yanacocha mine and Conga project complexes and the City of Cajamarca in Peru and resulted in vandalism and equipment damage. We cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents will occur in the future. The
recurrence of significant political or community opposition or protests could adversely affect Conga’s development and the continued operation of Yanacocha. 

Most recently, construction activities on our Conga project were suspended on November 30, 2011 at the request of Peru’s central government following increasing protests in Cajamarca by anti-mining
activists led by the regional president. At the request of the Peruvian central government, the environmental impact assessment prepared in connection with the project, which was previously approved by the central government in October 2010,
will be reviewed by independent experts, in an effort to resolve allegations around the environmental viability of Conga. Construction will remain suspended for the duration of the review or longer, except for sediment control works that are
being conducted in the project area. However, progress continues on engineering and procurement work. Should the Company be unable to continue with the current development plan at Conga, the Company may in the future reprioritize and reallocate
capital to development alternatives in Nevada, Australia, Ghana and Indonesia, which may result in a potential impairment of the Conga project. 

In the second quarter of 2011, Presidential and Congressional elections resulted in a change in government in Peru. While the new government has ratified its intention to support mining as a driver for continued
growth and future development of Peru, we are unable to predict the positions that will be taken by the new administration or new laws that will be passed by the recently elected Congress, whether the regional government of Cajamarca will support or
oppose such positions or laws, or how any change in such position or law will affect Yanacocha or Conga. Such changes may include increased labor regulations, environmental and other regulatory requirements, and additional taxes and royalties. For
example, during the third quarter of 2011, the new government enacted four new tax laws. We cannot predict future positions of either the Central or regional government on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure or other regulation. Any
change in government positions or laws on these issues could adversely affect the assets and operations of Yanacocha or Conga, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Additionally, any
inability to continue to develop the Conga project or operate at Yanacocha could have an adverse impact on our growth if we are not able to replace its expected production. 

19 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

Our Company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical challenges, which
could adversely impact our production and profitability. 

Newmont and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical
challenges due to the older age of certain of our mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex deposits. This leads to higher pit walls, more complex underground environments and increased exposure to geotechnical instability and
hydrological impacts. As our operations are maturing, the open pits at many of our sites are getting deeper and we have experienced certain geotechnical failures at some of our mines, including, without limitation, in Indonesia at the Batu Hijau
open-pit mine and at our operations in Nevada and Peru. 

No assurances can be given that unanticipated adverse geotechnical and
hydrological conditions, such as landslides and pit wall failures, will not occur in the future or that such events will be detected in advance. Geotechnical instabilities can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards
outside of our control, such as severe weather and considerable rainfall, which may lead to periodic floods, mudslides, wall instability and seismic activity, which may result in slippage of material. 

Geotechnical failures could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, government investigations, increased
monitoring costs, remediation costs, loss of ore and other impacts, which could cause one or more of our projects to be less profitable than currently anticipated and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial position. 

Currency fluctuations may affect our costs. 

Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our operations. Gold and copper is sold throughout the world based principally on the
U.S. dollar price, but a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of those local currencies against the U.S. dollar increases our costs of production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the
United States. 

The foreign currency that primarily impacts our results of operations is the Australian dollar. We estimate that every
$0.10 increase in the U.S. dollar/Australian dollar exchange rate increases annually the U.S. dollar Costs applicable to sales by approximately $90 for each ounce of gold sold from operations in Australia before taking into account the impact
of currency hedging. During the majority of 2011, the Australian dollar was relatively stronger than the U.S. dollar compared to 2010. The annual average Australia dollar exchange rate appreciated by approximately 12% from 2010 to 2011. We hedge up
to 90% of our future forecasted Australian dollar denominated operating expenditures to reduce the variability of our Australian dollar exposure. At December 31, 2011 we have hedged 76%, 62%, 46%, 26% and 10% of our forecasted Australian
denominated operating costs in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Our Australian dollar derivative programs will limit the benefit to Newmont of future decreases, if any, in the U.S. dollar/Australian dollar exchange rates. For
additional information, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Consolidated Operations, Foreign Currency Exchange Rates, below. For a more detailed
description of how currency exchange rates may affect costs, see discussion in Foreign Currency in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Discussions About Market Risk. 

Our business requires substantial capital investment and we may be unable to raise additional funding on favorable terms. 

The construction and operation of potential future projects including the Akyem project in Ghana, the Conga project in Peru and various exploration projects will require significant funding. Our operating cash flow
and other sources of funding may become insufficient to meet all of these requirements, depending on the timing and costs of development of these and other projects. As a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding requirements
of these investments, 

20 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

fund our ongoing business activities and pay dividends. Our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold and copper
prices, our operational performance and our current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. In the event of lower gold and copper prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or a further dislocation in the financial markets as
experienced in recent years, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing operations, retire or service all of our outstanding debt and pay dividends could be significantly constrained.

Any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely
affect the availability of new financing. 

There can be no assurance that any rating currently assigned by Standard &
Poor’s Rating Services or Moody’s Investors Service to Newmont will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of
the rating so warrant. If we are unable to maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating agencies,
which could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities, our existing debt and our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms, if at all, and increase our borrowing costs, which in turn could impair our results of operations and
financial position. 

To the extent that we seek to expand our operations and increase our reserves through acquisitions, we may
experience issues in executing acquisitions or integrating acquired operations. 

From time to time, we examine opportunities to
make selective acquisitions in order to expand our operations and reported reserves. The success of any acquisition would depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

•

 identifying suitable candidates for acquisition and negotiating acceptable terms; 

•

 obtaining approval from regulatory authorities and potentially Newmont’s shareholders; 

•

 maintaining our financial and strategic focus and avoiding distraction of management during the process of integrating the acquired business;

•

 implementing our standards, controls, procedures and policies at the acquired business and addressing any pre-existing liabilities or claims involving the
acquired business; and 

•

 to the extent the acquired operations are in a country in which we have not operated historically, understanding the regulations and challenges of operating in
that new jurisdiction. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to conclude any acquisitions successfully, or
that any acquisition will achieve the anticipated synergies or other positive results. Any material problems that we encounter in connection with such an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial position. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by energy shortages. 

Our mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of energy. Our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased
petroleum products, natural gas and coal. Some of our operations are in remote locations requiring long distance transmission of power, and in some locations we compete with other companies for access to third party power generators or electrical
supply networks. A disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure or the termination of any of our energy supply contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our operations. 

21 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

We have periodically experienced power shortages in Ghana resulting primarily from drought,
increasing demands for electricity and insufficient hydroelectric or other generating capacity which caused curtailment of production at our Ahafo operations. As a result of the mining industry’s agreement to construct and install an 80
mega-watt power plant during 2007, the Ghanaian government has agreed, if required, to curtail power consumption as a result of power shortages and to distribute available power proportionately between participating mines and other industrial and
commercial users. The need to use alternative sources of power may result in higher than anticipated costs, which will affect operating costs. Continued power shortages and increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
position. 

Continuation of our mining production is dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies to support our
mining operations. 

Our mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore processing and related support
facilities. Our operations in North and South America and Australia are in areas where water is scarce and competition among users for continuing access to water is significant. Continuous production at our mines is dependent on our ability to
maintain our water rights and claims and defeat claims adverse to our current water uses in legal proceedings. Although each of our operations currently has sufficient water rights and claims to cover its operational demands, we cannot predict the
potential outcome of pending or future legal proceedings relating to our water rights, claims and uses. The loss of some or all water rights for any of our mines, in whole or in part, or shortages of water to which we have rights could require us to
curtail or shut down mining production and could prevent us from pursuing expansion opportunities. Laws and regulations may be introduced in some jurisdictions in which we operate which could limit our access to sufficient water resources in our
operations, thus adversely affecting our operations. 

We are dependent upon information technology systems, which are subject to
disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration. 

We are dependent upon information
technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber attacks,
natural disasters and defects in design. Damage, disruption, or failure of one or more information technology systems may result in interruptions to our operations in the interim or may require a significant investment to fix or replace them.
Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to the information technology systems and network disruptions, but our business, financial position or results of our operations could be adversely impacted by such interruptions or
such investments. 

We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems
are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. We have begun the implementation of new enterprise software that we will use for various operational functions, financial reporting and controls management.
The implementation of this new system carries risks such as cost overruns, delays and interruptions. If we are not able to successfully implement our new system in a timely manner, we will have to rely on manual reporting processes and controls
over financial reporting that have not been planned, designed or tested. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to the system implementation, but system implementation failures could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

22 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

The occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our cash flow and overall
profitability. 

We maintain insurance policies that mitigate against certain risks related to our operations. This insurance is
maintained in amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, we may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks
or for various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. Some concern always exists with respect to investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or
economic crises are possible. These countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased taxation or unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. We do not maintain insurance policies against
political risk. Occurrence of events for which we are not insured may affect our results of operations and financial position. 

Our business depends on good relations with our employees. 

Production at our mines is dependent upon the efforts of our employees and, consequently, our maintenance of good relationships with our employees. Due to union activities or other employee actions, we could
experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect us. At December 31, 2011, union represented employees constituted approximately 42% of our worldwide work force. There can be no assurance
that any future disputes will be resolved without disruptions to operations. 

We rely on contractors to conduct a significant
portion of our operations and construction projects. 

A significant portion of our operations and construction projects are
currently conducted in whole or in part by contractors. As a result, our operations are subject to a number of risks, some of which are outside our control, including: 

•

 negotiating agreements with contractors on acceptable terms; 

•

 the inability to replace a contractor and its operating equipment in the event that either party terminates the agreement; 

•

 reduced control over those aspects of operations which are the responsibility of the contractor; 

•

 failure of a contractor to perform under its agreement; 

•

 interruption of operations or increased costs in the event that a contractor ceases its business due to insolvency or other unforeseen events;

•

 failure of a contractor to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, to the extent it is responsible for such compliance; and

•

 problems of a contractor with managing its workforce, labor unrest or other employment issues. 

In addition, we may incur liability to third parties as a result of the actions of our contractors. The occurrence of one or more of these risks
could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

We are subject to litigation and may be subject to
additional litigation in the future. 

We are currently, or may in the future become, subject to litigation, arbitration or other
legal proceedings with other parties. If decided adversely to Newmont, these legal proceedings, or others that could be brought against us in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or prospects. For a more
detailed discussion of pending litigation, see Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

23 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

In the event of a dispute arising at our foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral panels, or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts or arbitral panels in the United States. Our inability to enforce our rights and the enforcement of rights on a
prejudicial basis by foreign courts or arbitral panels could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

Title to some of our properties may be defective or challenged. 

Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties, title review does not preclude third parties from challenging our title or related
property rights. While we believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some titles may be defective or subject to challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties could be subject to native title or traditional landowner
claims, and our ability to use these properties is dependent on agreements with traditional owners of the properties. For information regarding native title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand section
of Item 2, Properties, below. 

Competition from other natural resource companies may harm our business. 

We compete with other natural resource companies to attract and retain key executives, skilled labor, contractors and other employees. We also
compete with other natural resource companies for specialized equipment, components and supplies, such as drill rigs, necessary for exploration and development, as well as for rights to mine properties containing gold, copper and other minerals. We
may be unable to continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees, to obtain the services of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties. 

Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income. 

We recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being
realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. Estimates of
future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to
realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2011, the Company’s current and
long-term deferred tax assets were $396 and $1,605, respectively. 

Returns for investments in pension plans are uncertain.

We maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide for specified payments after retirement. The ability of the
pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. A
sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated. During the second half of 2008 and early 2009, market conditions caused the value of the investments in our
pension plans to decrease significantly. As a result, we contributed $27 and $161 to the pension plans in 2011 and 2010, respectively. If future plan investment returns are not sufficient, we may be required to increase the amount of future cash
contributions. For a more detailed discussion of the funding status and expected benefit payments to plan participants, see the discussion in Employee Related Benefits, Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

24 

Table of Contents

NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION 

Holders of our common stock may not receive dividends on the common stock.

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds
legally available for such payments. We are incorporated in Delaware and governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Delaware law allows a corporation to pay dividends only out of surplus, as determined under Delaware law or, if there is no
surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared and for the preceding fiscal year. Under Delaware law, however, we cannot pay dividends out of net profits if, after we pay the dividend, our capital would be less
than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Furthermore, holders of our common stock may be subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or
depositary shares representing such preferred stock then outstanding. Our ability to pay dividends will be subject to our future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as our compliance with covenants and financial ratios
related to existing or future indebtedness. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock and recently adopted the enhanced gold price-linked dividend policy described under Item 5, Market for Registrant’s
Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities, we are not required to declare cash dividends on our common stock and our board of directors may reduce, defer or eliminate our common stock dividend in the
future.