(dollars in millions except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) 

Every investor or potential investor in Newmont should carefully consider the following risks, which have been separated into two groups: 

•

Risks related to the mining industry generally; and 

•

Risks related to Newmont’s operations. 

Risks Related to the Mining Industry Generally 

A Substantial or Extended Decline in Gold or Copper
Prices Would Have a Material Adverse Effect on Newmont 

Newmont’s business is dependent on the realized price of gold and
copper, which are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to put downward pressure on prices include: 

•

Sales or leasing of gold by governments and central banks; 

•

U.S. dollar strength; 

•

Recession or reduced economic activity; 

•

Speculative selling; 

•

Decreased industrial, jewelry or investment demand; 

8 

Table of Contents

•

Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; 

•

Sales by producers in forward and other hedging transactions; and 

•

Devaluing local currencies (relative to gold and copper priced in U.S. dollars) leading to lower production costs and higher production in certain regions. 

Any drop in the realized price of gold or copper adversely impacts our revenues, net income and cash flows, particularly in light of our philosophy of
avoiding gold hedging. We have recorded asset write-downs during periods of low gold prices in the past and may experience additional impairments as a result of low gold or copper prices in the future. 

In addition, sustained low gold or copper prices can: 

•

Reduce revenues further through production cutbacks due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at the then-prevailing gold or
copper price; 

•

Halt or delay the development of new projects; 

•

Reduce funds available for exploration, with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and 

•

Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically mined or treated at prevailing prices. 

Also see the discussion in Item 1, Business, Gold or Copper Price. 

Gold and Copper Producers Must Continually Obtain Additional Reserves 

Gold and copper
producers must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Depleted reserves must be replaced by expanding known ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order for producers to maintain production levels over the long term. Exploration is
highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and frequently is unproductive. No assurances can be given that any of our new or ongoing exploration programs will result in new mineral producing operations. Once mineralization is discovered, it
will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. 

Estimates of Proven and Probable Reserves Are Uncertain 

Estimates of proven and probable
reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, to a large extent, based on interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques. Producers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of
capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of
operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating costs and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phase of exploration before production
is possible and, during that time, the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may change. 

Increased Costs Could Affect
Profitability 

Costs at any particular mining location frequently are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as
changing ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities, such as fuel, electricity and labor. Commodity costs are
at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. Reported costs may be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant
location could have a significant effect on Newmont’s profitability. 

9 

Table of Contents

Mining Accidents or Other Adverse Events or Conditions at a Mining Location Could Reduce Our
Production Levels 

At any of Newmont’s operations, production may fall below historic or estimated levels as a result of mining
accidents such as a pit wall failure in an open pit mine, or cave-ins or flooding at underground mines. In addition, production may be unexpectedly reduced at a location if, during the course of mining, unfavorable ground conditions or seismic
activity are encountered; ore grades are lower than expected; the physical or metallurgical characteristics of the ore are less amenable to mining or treatment than expected; or our equipment, processes or facilities fail to operate properly or as
expected. 

Mining Companies Are Subject to Extensive Environmental Laws and Regulations 

Newmont’s exploration, mining and processing operations are regulated in all countries in which we operate under various federal, state, provincial
and local laws relating to the protection of the environment, which generally include air and water quality, hazardous waste management and reclamation. Delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, government permits and approvals may adversely impact
our operations. The regulatory environment in which Newmont operates could change in ways that would substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on Newmont’s operations or financial
position. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters, Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Risks Related to Newmont Operations 

Our Operations Outside North America and Australia Are Subject to
Risks of Doing Business Abroad 

Exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and Australia are
potentially subject to political and economic risks, including: 

•

Cancellation or renegotiation of contracts; 

•

Disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 

•

Changes in foreign laws or regulations; 

•

Royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including retroactive claims; 

•

Expropriation or nationalization of property; 

•

Currency fluctuations (particularly in countries with high inflation); 

•

Foreign exchange controls; 

•

Restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to sell gold offshore for U.S. dollars, or on the ability of such companies to hold U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies
in offshore bank accounts; 

•

Import and export regulations, including restrictions on the export of gold; 

•

Restrictions on the ability to pay dividends offshore; 

•

Risk of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; 

•

Risk of loss due to disease and other potential endemic health issues; and 

•

Other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, including risks inherent in contracts with government owned entities.

Consequently, Newmont’s exploration, development and production activities outside of North America and Australia may
be substantially affected by factors beyond Newmont’s control, any of which could materially 

10 

Table of Contents

adversely affect Newmont’s financial position or results of operations. Furthermore, if a dispute arises from such activities, Newmont may be subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of courts outside North America or Australia, which could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute. 

Newmont
has substantial investments in Indonesia, a nation that since 1997 has undergone financial crises and devaluation of its currency, outbreaks of political and religious violence, changes in national leadership, and the secession of East Timor, one of
its former provinces. These factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or
permit renewals or expropriation of assets. If this were to occur with respect to the Batu Hijau operation, Newmont’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

In July 2004, a criminal complaint was filed against PTNMR, the Newmont subsidiary that operated the Minahasa mine in Indonesia, alleging environmental
pollution relating to submarine tailings placement into nearby Buyat Bay. The Indonesian police detained five PTNMR employees during September and October of 2004. The police investigation and the detention of PTNMR’s employees was declared
illegal by the South Jakarta District Court in December 2004, but in March 2005, the Indonesian Supreme Court upheld the legality of the police investigation, and the police turned their evidence over to the local prosecutor. In July 2005, the
prosecutor filed an indictment against PTNMR and its President Director, alleging environmental pollution at Buyat Bay. After the court rejected motions to dismiss the proceeding, the prosecutor called its first witnesses in October 2005. The trial
is continuing and is expected to conclude in mid-2006. 

On March 9, 2005, the Indonesian Ministry of the Environment filed a civil
lawsuit against PT Newmont Minahasa Raya (“PTNMR”) and it’s President Director in relation to these allegations, seeking in excess of $100 in monetary damages. In October 2005, PTNMR filed an objection to the court’s
jurisdiction, contending that the Government previously agreed to resolve any disputes through out-of-court conciliation or arbitration. The Court upheld PTNMR’s objection and dismissed the case in November 2005. The Government filed a notice
appeal of this ruling. On February 16, 2006, PTNMR and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia signed an agreement settling the civil lawsuit. Under the terms of the agreement, the Government and PTNMR will nominate members to an
independent scientific panel that will develop and implement a ten-year environmental monitoring and assessment program to make a definitive, scientific conclusion regarding the condition of Buyat Bay. PTNMR is required to fund specific
remedial measures if, as a result of its mining operations, pollution has occurred. The agreement also provides for enhanced community development programs in North Sulawesi. PTNMR will provide initial funding of $12 to cover the cost of the
monitoring and community development programs. Over a ten year period, PTNMR will contribute an additional $18. The funds will be managed by an organization governed by interested stakeholders. Accountability for the funds will be ensured through
yearly reports that will be made available to the public. The transparency of the scientific panel’s activities will also be assured through annual reports to the public. The agreement is expected to end the civil lawsuit against PTNMR.

Independent sampling and testing of Buyat Bay water and fish, as well as area residents, conducted by the World Health Organization and
the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, confirm that PTNMR has not polluted the Buyat Bay environment, and, therefore, has not adversely affected the fish in Buyat Bay or the health of nearby residents. The
Company remains steadfast that it has not caused pollution or health problems and will continue to vigorously defend itself against these allegations. However, Newmont cannot predict the outcome of the criminal proceeding or whether additional legal
actions may occur. This matter could adversely affect our ability to operate in Indonesia. 

During the last several years, Minera
Yanacocha, of which Newmont owns a 51.35% interest, has been the target of numerous local political protests, including ones that blocked the road between the Yanacocha mine complex and the City of Cajamarca in Peru. In 2004, local opposition to the
Cerro Quilish project became so pronounced that Yanacocha decided to relinquish its drilling permit for Quilish and the deposit was reclassified from proven and probable reserves to non-reserve mineralization. In 2005, no material roadblocks or
protests 

11 

Table of Contents

occurred involving Yanacocha. We cannot predict, however, whether such incidents will recur in the future, and the recurrence of significant community
opposition or protests could adversely affect Minera Yanacocha’s assets and operations in Peru, and could lead to the reclassification of other deposits out of reserves. 

Presidential, congressional and regional elections will take place in Peru in 2006, and a new national government will take office in July 2006. We
cannot predict the new government’s positions on foreign investment, mining concessions, land tenure, environmental regulation or taxation. A change in government positions on these issues could adversely affect Yanacocha’s assets and
operations in Peru. 

During 2005, relations between the Republic of Uzbekistan and the U.S. deteriorated significantly, and in July 2005
the government of Uzbekistan evicted the U.S. military from its base at Karshi-Khanabad, south of Tashkent. A further deterioration of relations between the two countries could adversely affect our ability to operate in Uzbekistan. 

Recent violence committed by radical elements in Indonesia and other countries, and the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, may increase the
risk that operations owned by U.S. companies will be the target of further violence. If any of Newmont’s operations were so targeted it could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our Success May Depend on Our Social and Environmental Performance 

Newmont’s ability to operate successfully in communities around the world will likely depend on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a
manner that is consistent with the health and safety of our employees, the protection of the environment, and the creation of long-term economic and social opportunities in the communities in which we operate. Newmont has implemented a management
system designed to promote continuous improvement in health and safety, environmental performance and community relations. However, our ability to operate may be adversely impacted by accidents or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental)
to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which we operate. 

Remediation Costs for
Environmental Liabilities May Exceed the Provisions We Have Made 

Newmont has conducted extensive remediation work at two inactive
sites in the United States. At one of these sites, remediation requirements have not been finally determined, and, therefore, the final cost cannot be determined. At a third site in the United States, an inactive uranium mine and mill formerly
operated by a subsidiary of Newmont, remediation work at the mill is ongoing, but remediation at the mine is subject to dispute and has not yet commenced. The environmental standards that may ultimately be imposed at this site remain uncertain and
there is a risk that the costs of remediation may exceed the provision that has been made for such remediation by a material amount. For a more detailed discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters,
Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously
estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce net income in that period. 

The Use of Hedging Instruments May Prevent Gains Being Realized from Subsequent Price Increases 

Newmont does not intend to enter into material new gold hedging positions and intends to continue to decrease gold hedge positions over time by
opportunistically delivering gold into our outstanding hedge contracts, or by seeking to eliminate our hedge position when economically attractive. Nonetheless, Newmont currently has gold hedging positions and may, from time-to-time, enter into
hedge contracts for copper, other metals or commodities, interest rates or foreign currencies. If the gold, copper or other metal price rises above the price at which future production has been committed under these hedge instruments, Newmont will
have an 

12 

Table of Contents

opportunity loss. However, if the gold, copper or other metal price falls below that committed price, Newmont’s revenues will be protected to the extent
of such committed production. In addition, we may experience losses if a hedge counterparty defaults under a contract when the contract price exceeds the gold, copper or other metal price. 

For a more detailed description of the Newmont hedge positions, see the discussion in Hedging in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk, and Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Currency Fluctuations May Affect Costs 

Currency fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur at our operations. Gold is sold throughout the world based principally on the U.S. dollar
price, but a portion of Newmont’s operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies against the U.S. dollar can increase the of gold production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the
United States, making such mines less profitable. The foreign currencies that primarily impact Newmont’s results of operations are the Australian and Canadian dollars. 

During 2005, the Australian and Canadian dollars strengthened by an average of 5% and 7%, respectively, against the U.S. dollar. This increased U.S.
dollar Costs applicable to sales in Australia and Canada by approximately $24 and $3, respectively from 2004 to 2005. For additional information, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, Results of Operations, Foreign Currency Exchange Rates, below. For a more detailed description of how currency exchange rates may affect costs, see discussion in Foreign Currency in Item 7A, Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Our Level of Indebtedness May Affect Our Business 

As of December 31, 2005, Newmont had debt of $1,929, as compared to $1,602 as of December 31, 2004. We expect to spend significant funds on
capital expenditures essential to existing operations as well as for acquisitions and new project development. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences for our operations, including: 

•

We may need to use a large portion of our cash flow to repay principal and pay interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available to finance our operations and other
business activities; 

•

Our debt level may make us vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our businesses and markets; and 

•

Our debt level may limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow money for operations or capital expenditures in the future or implement our business strategy.

Newmont expects to be able to pay principal and interest on our debt by utilizing cash flow from operations, and our ability
to meet these payment obligations will depend on our future financial performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. Newmont will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions in
the markets in which Newmont operates. Consequently, we cannot be certain that our future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt, fund required capital expenditures and meet our other
obligations. If cash flow from operations is insufficient, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, utilize existing cash balances, borrow more money or issue additional equity. We cannot be certain that we will
be able to accomplish any of these measures on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Our Interest in the Batu Hijau Mine in
Indonesia May Be Reduced Under the Contract of Work 

Under the Contract of Work with the Indonesian government, beginning in 2005
and continuing through 2010, a portion of each foreign shareholder’s equity interest in the Batu Hijau project must be offered for sale to 

13 

Table of Contents

the Indonesian government or to Indonesian nationals. The price at which such interest must be offered for sale is the highest of the then-current
replacement cost, the price at which shares of the project company would be accepted for listing on the Jakarta Stock Exchange, or the fair market value of such interest in the project company as a going concern. An Indonesian national currently
owns a 20% interest in Batu Hijau, which requires the Newmont/Sumitomo partnership to offer a 3% interest in 2006. Pursuant to this provision of the Batu Hijau Contract of Work, it is possible that the ownership interest of the Newmont/Sumitomo
partnership in Batu Hijau could be reduced to 49% by the end of 2010. 

Costs Estimates and Timing of New Projects Are Uncertain

The capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines or other projects are considerable. Changes in costs or
construction schedules can affect project economics. There are a number of factors that can affect costs and construction schedules, including, among others: 

•

availability of labor, power, transportation and other commodities and infrastructure; 

•

increases in input commodity prices; 

•

fluctuations in exchange rates; 

•

availability of financing; 

•

difficulty of estimating construction costs over a period of years; and 

•

delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits. 

Occurrence of Events for Which We Are Not Insured May Affect Our Cash Flow and Overall Profitability 

We maintain
insurance policies that mitigate against certain risks related to our operations. This insurance is maintained in amounts that we believe are reasonable depending upon the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, Newmont may elect
not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. Some concern always exists with respect to
investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crisis are possible. These countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased
taxation and a unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. Newmont does not maintain insurance policies against political risk. Occurrence of events for which Newmont is not insured may affect our cash flow and overall profitability.

Our Business Depends on Good Relations with Our Employees 

Newmont could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect us. As of December 31, 2005,
unions represented approximately 37% of our worldwide work force: Newmont had 1,243 employees at its Carlin, Nevada operations, 78 employees in Canada at its Golden Giant operations, 2,822 employees in Indonesia at its Batu Hijau operations, 42
employees in New Zealand at its Martha operation, 390 employees in Bolivia at its Kori Kollo operation, 194 employees at its Australia operations, and 667 employees in Peru at its Yanacocha operation, working under a collective bargaining agreement
or similar labor agreement. Currently there are labor agreements in effect for all of these workers. 

Title to Some of Our Properties
May Be Defective or Challenged 

Although we have conducted title reviews of our properties, title review does not necessarily
preclude third parties from challenging our title. While we believe that we have satisfactory title to our properties, some risk exists that some titles may be defective or subject to challenge. In addition, certain of our Australian properties
could be subject to native title or traditional landowner claims, but such claims would not deprive us of the properties. For information regarding native title or traditional landowner claims, see the discussion under the Australia/New Zealand
section of Item 2, Properties, below. 

14 

Table of Contents

We Compete With Other Mining Companies 

We compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key executives and other employees with technical skills and experience in the mining
industry. We also compete with other mining companies for rights to mine properties containing gold and other minerals. There can be no assurance that Newmont will continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees, or to acquire
additional rights to mine properties. 

Certain Factors Outside of Our Control May Affect Our Ability to Support the Carrying Value of
Goodwill 

As of December 31, 2005, the carrying value of goodwill was approximately $2,879 or 21% of our total assets. Such
goodwill has been assigned to our Merchant Banking ($1,562) and Exploration ($1,126) Segments, and to various mine site reporting units in the Australia/New Zealand Segment ($191). This goodwill primarily arose in connection with our February 2002
acquisitions of Normandy and Franco-Nevada, and it represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets of Normandy and Franco-Nevada. We evaluate, on at least an annual basis, the carrying amount
of goodwill to determine whether current events and circumstances indicate that such carrying amount may no longer be recoverable. This evaluation involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of our reporting units to their carrying values.

Based on valuations of the Merchant Banking and Exploration Segments, the Company concluded that the estimated fair values significantly
exceeded the respective carrying values as of December 31, 2005. The fair values of the Merchant Banking and Exploration Segments are based in part on certain factors that may be partially or completely outside of our control, such as the
investing environment, the discovery of proven and probable reserves, commodity prices and other factors. In addition, certain of the assumptions underlying the December 31, 2005 Merchant Banking and Exploration valuations may not be easily
achieved by the Company, even though such assumptions were based on historical experience and the Company considers such assumptions to be reasonable under the circumstances. 

Additions to proven and probable reserves used in the Company’s valuation models were based on management reviews of historical performance and
expectations of future reserve additions. Any model used to value the Exploration Segment will need to take into account the relatively long time horizon required to evaluate the activities of the Exploration Segment. Reserve additions may vary
significantly from year to year based on the timing of when proven and probable reserves can be reported under the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Industry Guide 7. A period of several years may be required to advance a project
from initial discovery to proven and probable reserves. 

Based on valuations of various mine site reporting units in the Australia/New
Zealand Segment, the Company concluded that the estimated fair values exceeded the respective carrying values as of December 31, 2005. The Company concluded that the estimated fair value of the Nevada Segment did not support the carrying value
as of December 31, 2005 and recorded a $41 goodwill impairment charge. In 2004, the Company recorded goodwill and long-lived assets impairment charges of $52 and $6, respectively, relating to the Pajingo reporting unit in the
Australia/NewZealand Segment. The Company’s fair value estimates are based on numerous assumptions and it is possible that actual fair value could be significantly different than these estimates, as actual future quantities of recoverable
minerals, gold and other commodity prices, production levels, operating costs and capital costs are each subject to significant risks and uncertainties. 

In the absence of any mitigating valuation factors, the Company’s failure to achieve one or more of the December 31, 2005 valuation assumptions may over time result in an impairment charge. Accordingly, no
assurance can be given that significant non-cash impairment charges will not be recorded in the future due to possible declines in the fair values of our reporting units. For a more detailed description of the estimates and assumptions involved in
assessing the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Critical Accounting Policies, below. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our accounting policies and methods of reporting financial condition, including accounting for goodwill,
require certain estimates, assumptions and judgments for which there is no clear authoritative guidance. Management makes such estimates, assumptions and judgments in good faith based on what they believe is the best available information. The
Company has received from the SEC two letters, dated December 27, 2005 and February 17, 2006, requesting additional information and additional disclosure regarding accounting for Exploration and Merchant Banking Segment goodwill. The
Company is responding to these letters and will continue to work with the SEC to resolve any further issues it raises. 

Our Ability
to Recognize the Benefits of Deferred Tax Assets is Dependent on Future Cash Flows and Taxable Income 

The Company recognizes the
expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized. Otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the recoverability of deferred
tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on forecasted cash flows from operations and the application of existing tax laws in each
jurisdiction. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the ability of the Company to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit the
Company’s ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by its deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2005, the Company’s current and long-term deferred tax assets were $159 and $517, respectively. 

Returns for Investments in Pension Plans Are Uncertain 

We maintain defined benefit pension plans for our employees, which provide for specified payments after retirement for certain employees. The ability of the pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on
our funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. A sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could
require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated.