Risk is an inherent part of our business and activities. Certain
 risks such as geographic diversity, liquidity, assets/liability
 management and capital adequacy are explained more fully in
 other sections of the Managements Discussion and Analysis.
 Additional factors effecting our company include:

 Changes in the interest rate environment may negatively
 affect interest margins, mortgage loan originations and the
 valuation of mortgage servicing rights.  Our net
 interest income from loans and investments is significantly
 affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected
 by prevailing economic conditions and by the fiscal and monetary
 policies of the deferral government and various regulatory
 agencies. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the
 flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct
 investments. Changes in interest rates can effect the
 origination of loans and the rates received on loans.

 The allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover
 actual losses.  Our allowance for loan losses is
 based on historical loss experience, as well as an evaluation of
 the risks associated with the loan portfolio. Our allowance for
 loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and
 this could adversely and materially affect our financial results.

 10

Table of Contents

 Acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements and may
 result in unforeseen integration difficulties.  We
 have made several recent acquisitions, and are always exploring
 opportunities to expand. Difficulty in integrating an acquired
 business may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases
 and cost savings, and may cause higher than expected deposit
 attrition, disruption of the our business, and may otherwise
 adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits
 of the acquisition.

 We face system failure risks and security
 risks.  The computer systems and network
 infrastructure we and others use could be vulnerable to
 unforeseen problems. Fire, power loss or other failures may
 effect our computer equipment and other technology. Also, our
 computer systems and network infrastructure could be damaged by
 “hacking” and “identity theft.”

 Our business could suffer if we fail to retain skilled
 people.  Our success depends on our ability to
 retain key employees. Competition for the best people is
 intense, and we may not be able to retain the best possible
 employees.

 Future governmental regulation and legislation and changes in
 monetary policy could limit growth.  We are
 subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision
 and legislation that govern all aspects of its operation.
 Changes to these laws could affect us and diminish the value of
 our business. Also, actions by monetary and fiscal authorities,
 including the Federal Reserve, could have an adverse effect on
 our business and earnings.

 Competitive pressures among financial services companies
 which may increase significantly.  We operate in a
 highly competitive industry that could become more competitive
 as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological
 changes. We compete with several types of financial
 institutions, and technological changes have lowered the
 barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer
 products traditionally provided by banks.

 Acts or threats of terrorism, military activity, and other
 political actions could adversely affect general economic or
 industry conditions.  Geopolitical conditions may
 affect our earnings. Furthermore, acts of terrorism, and the
 government’s reaction to such acts, could affect our
 business and earnings.

 A natural disaster could harm our
 business.  Natural disasters could harm our
 operations directly through interference with communications,
 including the interruption or loss of our websites, which would
 prevent us from gathering deposits, originating loans and
 processing and controlling its flow of business, as well as
 through the destruction of facilities and our operational,
 financial and management information systems.

 The risks factors described above are not the only risks that
 may have a material adverse effect us. Additional risks and
 uncertainties also could adversely affect our business and
 results. If any of these risks actually occur, our business,
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively
 affected, the market price for your securities could decline,
 and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Further, to
 the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K
 constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set
 forth above also are cautionary statements identifying important
 factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially
 from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by
 or on behalf of the Company.