If any
of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Business 

If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. 

We have experienced significant subscriber growth over the past several years. Our ability to continue to attract subscribers will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our subscribers
with a valuable and quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract
and retain subscribers. Competitors include MVPDs with free TV Everywhere and VOD content, Internet movie and TV content providers, including both those that provide legal and illegal (or pirated) entertainment video content, DVD rental outlets and
kiosk services and entertainment video retail stores. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, or if we introduce new or adjust existing services that are not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract
subscribers. In addition, many of our subscribers are rejoining our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing subscribers. If our efforts to satisfy our existing subscribers are not successful, we may not be able to attract
subscribers, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Subscribers cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently,
the need to cut household expenses, availability of content is limited, DVD delivery takes too long, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new
subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current subscriber base. If too many of our subscribers cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new subscribers in numbers sufficient to grow our
business, our operating results will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing subscribers and attracting new subscribers, our business will be adversely affected.
Further, if excessive numbers of subscribers cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these subscribers with new subscribers. 

If we are unable to compete effectively, our business will be adversely affected. 

The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. New technologies and evolving business models for
delivery of entertainment video continue to develop at a fast pace. The growth of Internet-connected devices, including TVs, computers and mobile devices has increased the consumer acceptance of Internet delivery of entertainment video. Through
these new and existing distribution channels, consumers are afforded various means for consuming entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these differing means of entertainment video delivery include subscription, pay-per-view,
ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Several competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and
significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, fulfillment, and marketing. New entrants may enter the
market with unique service offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video and other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. If we are unable to successfully or
profitably compete with current and new competitors, programs and technologies, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability. 

4 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to continue to recover from the negative consumer reaction to our price change and other
announcements made during the third quarter of 2011, our business will be adversely affected. 

In the third quarter of
2011, we made a series of announcements regarding our business, including the separation of our unlimited DVD-by-mail and unlimited streaming plans with a corresponding price change for some of our customers, the rebranding of our DVD-by-mail
service, and the subsequent retraction of our plans to rebrand our DVD-by-mail service. Consumers reacted negatively to these announcements, adversely impacting our brand and resulting in higher than expected customer cancellations. These
adverse effects, coupled with the increasingly long-term and fixed-cost nature of our content acquisition licenses, will likely continue to have an adverse impact on our results of operations. While we have seen a return to growth in our core
domestic streaming segment, we believe the process of repairing our brand will take time. If we are unable to continue to repair the damage to our brand, our results of operations, including cash flow, will be adversely affected.

Changes in consumer viewing habits, including more widespread usage of TV Everywhere, VOD or other similar on demand methods of entertainment video
consumption could adversely affect our business. 

The manner in which consumers view entertainment video is changing
rapidly. Digital cable, wireless and Internet content providers are continuing to improve technologies, content offerings, user interface, and business models that allow consumers to access entertainment video-on-demand with interactive capabilities
including start, stop and rewind. The devices through which entertainment video can be consumed are also changing rapidly. Today, content from cable service providers may be viewed on laptops and content from Internet content providers may be viewed
on TVs. Although we provide our own Internet-based delivery of content allowing our subscribers to stream certain TV shows and movies to their Internet-connected televisions and other devices, if other providers of entertainment video address the
changes in consumer viewing habits in a manner that is better able to meet content distributor and consumer needs and expectations, our business could be adversely affected. 

If we are not able to manage our growth, our business could be adversely affected. 

We are currently engaged in an effort to expand our operations internationally, grow our streaming service with new content and across more devices, as well as continue to operate our DVD service within
the United States. Many of our systems and operational practices were implemented when we were at a smaller scale of operations and we are undertaking efforts to migrate the vast majority of our systems (other than DVD-related) to cloud-based
processors. As we undertake all these changes, if we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices, our business may be adversely affected. 

If the market segment for consumer paid commercial free Internet streaming of TV shows and movies saturates, our business will be adversely affected.

The market segment for consumer paid commercial free Internet streaming of TV shows and movies has grown significantly.
Much of the increasing growth can be attributed to the ability of our subscribers to stream TV shows and movies on their TVs, computers and mobile devices. A decline in our rate of growth could indicate that the market segment for online
subscription-based entertainment video is beginning to saturate. While we believe that this segment will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, if this market segment were to saturate, our business would be adversely affected. 

If our efforts to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or
retain subscribers, and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

We must continue to build and maintain strong
brand identity. We believe that strong brand identity will be important in attracting subscribers who may have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. 

5 

Table of Contents

If our efforts to promote and maintain our brand are not successful, our operating results and our ability to attract subscribers may be adversely affected. From time to time, our subscribers
express dissatisfaction with our service, including among other things, our title availability, inventory allocation, delivery processing and service interruptions. Furthermore, third-party devices that enable instant streaming of TV shows and
movies from Netflix may not meet consumer expectations. To the extent dissatisfaction with our service is widespread or not adequately addressed, our brand may be adversely impacted and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely
affected. With respect to our planned international expansion, we will also need to establish our brand and to the extent we are not successful, our business in new markets would be adversely impacted. 

If we are unable to manage the mix of subscriber acquisition sources, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected.

We utilize a broad mix of marketing programs to promote our service to potential new subscribers. We obtain new
subscribers through our online marketing efforts, including paid search listings, banner ads, text links and permission-based e-mails, as well as our active affiliate program. We also engage our consumer electronics partners to generate new
subscribers for our service. In addition, we have engaged in various offline marketing programs, including TV and radio advertising, direct mail and print campaigns, consumer package and mailing insertions. We also acquire a number of subscribers
who rejoin our service having previously cancelled their membership. We maintain an active public relations program to increase awareness of our service and drive subscriber acquisition. We opportunistically adjust our mix of marketing programs to
acquire new subscribers at a reasonable cost with the intention of achieving overall financial goals. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of subscribers with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources
increases, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to continue using our current
marketing channels, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to continue to
support the marketing of our service by current means if such activities are no longer available to us, become cost prohibitive or are adverse to our business. If companies that currently promote our service decide that we are negatively impacting
their business, that they want to compete more directly with our business or enter a similar business or decide to exclusively support our competitors, we may no longer be given access to such marketing channels. In addition, if ad rates increase,
we may curtail marketing expenses or otherwise experience an increase in our marketing costs. Laws and regulations impose restrictions on the use of certain channels, including commercial e-mail and direct mail. We may limit or discontinue use or
support of e-mail and other activities if we become concerned that subscribers or potential subscribers deem such activities intrusive, which could affect our goodwill or brand. If the available marketing channels are curtailed, our ability to
attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. 

The increasingly long-term and fixed-cost nature of our content acquisition licenses
may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 

In connection with obtaining content,
particularly for streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year, fixed-fee licenses with studios and other distributors. Such contractual commitments are detailed in the Contractual Obligations section of Item 7 Management’s
Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Furthermore, we plan on increasing the level of committed content licensing in anticipation of our service and subscriber base growing. To the extent subscriber
and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of these content licensing commitments and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business
and the market segments in which we operate could be limited. 

6 

Table of Contents

If we become subject to liability for content that we distribute through our service, our results of
operations would be adversely affected. 

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence,
copyright, patent or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. We also may face potential liability for content uploaded from our users in connection with our community-related content or
movie reviews. If we become liable, then our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could harm our results of operations. We cannot assure that we are insured or
indemnified to cover claims of these types or liability that may be imposed on us. 

If studios and other content distributors refuse to
license streaming content to us upon acceptable terms, our business could be adversely affected. 

Streaming content over
the Internet involves the licensing of rights which are separate from and independent of the rights we acquire when obtaining DVD content. Our ability to provide our subscribers with content they can watch instantly therefore depends on studios and
other content distributors licensing us content specifically for Internet delivery. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. If the studios and other content distributors change their terms and conditions or are no
longer willing or able to license us content, our ability to stream content to our subscribers will be adversely affected. Unlike DVD, streaming content is not subject to the First Sale Doctrine. As such, we are completely dependent on the studio or
other content distributor to license us content in order to access and stream content. Many of the licenses provide for the studios or other content distributor to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions as
well as other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. In addition, the studios and other content distributors have great flexibility in licensing content. They may elect to license content
exclusively to a particular provider or otherwise limit the types of services that can deliver streaming content. For example, HBO licenses content from studios like Warner Bros. and the license provides HBO with the exclusive right to such content
against other subscription services, including Netflix. As such, Netflix cannot license certain Warner Bros. content for delivery to its subscribers while Warner Bros. may nonetheless license the same content to transactional VOD providers. If we
are unable to secure and maintain rights to streaming content or if we cannot otherwise obtain such content upon terms that are acceptable to us, our ability to stream TV shows and movies to our subscribers will be adversely impacted, and our
subscriber acquisition and retention could also be adversely impacted. As streaming content license agreements expire, we must renegotiate new terms which may not be favorable to us. If this happens, the cost of obtaining content could increase and
our margins may be adversely affected. As we grow, we are able to spend an increasingly larger amount for the licensing of streaming content. We believe that the streaming content we make available to our subscribers is sufficiently diversified,
such that we will not be forced to pay licensing fees for content in excess of our desired contribution profit targets. We believe that any failure to secure content will manifest in lower subscriber acquisition and retention and not in materially
reduced margins. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed nature of content licenses, if we do not experience subscriber acquisition and retention as forecasted, our margins may be impacted by these fixed content licensing costs. For
example, as a result of events over the past several months, we have experienced slower growth than anticipated and our margins have been negatively impacted. During the course of our license relationship, various contract administration issues can
arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our relationship with the studios and other content distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. 

We rely upon a number of partners to offer instant streaming of content from Netflix to various devices. 

We currently offer subscribers the ability to receive streaming content through their PCs, Macs and other Internet-connected devices,
including Blu-ray players and TVs, digital video players, game consoles and mobile devices. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream TV shows and movies to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful
in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our agreements with our consumer
electronics partners are 

7 

Table of Contents

typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or
are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices
and Netflix may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward Netflix and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may
require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our subscribers’ use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. 

If subscriptions to our domestic DVD segment decline faster than anticipated, our business could be adversely affected 

The number of subscriptions to our DVD-by-mail offering declined significantly following our price change. We anticipate that this decline will continue. We believe, however, that the domestic DVD
business will continue to generate significant contribution profit for our business. In addition, we believe that DVD will be a valuable consumer proposition and studio profit center for the next several years, even as DVD sales decline. The
contribution profit generated by our domestic DVD business will help provide capital resources to fund losses arising from our growth internationally. To the extent that the rate of decline in our DVD-by-mail business is greater than we anticipate,
our business could be adversely affected. Because we are primarily focused on building a global streaming service, the resources allocated to maintaining DVD operations and the level of management focus on our DVD business are limited. To the extent
that we experience degradation in service in our DVD-by-mail business, subscribers’ satisfaction with our service could be negatively impacted and we could experience an increase in cancellations, which could adversely impact our business.

If U.S. Copyright law were altered to amend or eliminate the First Sale Doctrine or if studios were to release or distribute titles on DVD
in a manner that attempts to circumvent or limit the effects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. 

Under U.S. Copyright Law, once a copyright owner sells a copy of his work, the copyright owner relinquishes all further rights to sell or otherwise dispose of that copy. While the copyright owner retains
the underlying copyright to the expression fixed in the work, the copyright owner gives up his ability to control the fate of the work once it had been sold. As such, once a DVD is sold into the market, those obtaining the DVD are permitted to
re-sell it, rent it or otherwise dispose of it. If Congress or the courts were to change or substantially limit this First Sale Doctrine, our ability to obtain content and then rent it could be adversely affected. By way of example, the Court of
Appeals for the 9th Circuit has ruled that the First Sale Doctrine did not apply to sales of software that contained contractual limitations on resales. To the extent such a ruling were extended to DVD sales, our ability to obtain content for
subsequent rental could be adversely impacted. Likewise, if content providers agree to limit the sale or distribution of their content in ways that try to limit the effects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. For
example, we have entered into agreements with several studios to delay the availability of new release DVDs for rental for a period of time following the DVDs release to the retail market and, in connection therewith, these studios have prohibited
certain of their wholesalers from selling DVDs to us prior to such availability. Furthermore, certain content owners, from time to time, have established exclusive rental windows with particular outlets. This happened in late 2006 and again in late
2007 when Blockbuster announced arrangements with certain content owners pursuant to which Blockbuster would receive content on DVDs for rental exclusively by Blockbuster. To the extent content is to be distributed exclusively and not to retail
vendors or distributors, we could be prevented from obtaining such content, and those of our competitors who access such content could enjoy a corresponding competitive advantage. To the extent the content is also sold to retail vendors or
distributors, under current law, we would not be prohibited from obtaining and renting such content pursuant to the First Sale Doctrine. Nonetheless, to the extent content owners do not distribute to us directly or through their wholesalers or
otherwise establish exclusive rental windows, it will impact our ability to obtain such content in the most efficient manner and, in some cases, in 

8 

Table of Contents

sufficient quantity to satisfy demand. If such arrangements were to become more commonplace or if additional impediments to obtaining content were created, our ability to obtain content could be
impacted and our business could be adversely affected. 

Increased availability of new releases to other distribution channels prior to, or
on parity with, the release on DVD, coupled with delayed availability of such DVDs through our service, could adversely affect our business. 

DVDs currently enjoy a competitive advantage over certain other distribution channels, such as pay-per-view and some types of VOD distribution, because of the early distribution window on the DVD format.
The window for new releases on DVD is generally exclusive against and earlier than certain other forms of non-theatrical movie distribution, such as pay-per-view, regular (“non-premium”) VOD, SVOD, premium pay TV, and other forms of TV
exploitation. The length and exclusivity of each window for each distribution channel are determined solely by the studio releasing the title. Over the past several years, we have seen distributors adjust and experiment with the traditional
distribution channels and timing. For example, certain other forms of non-theatrical distribution have been developed for certain new movie releases, resulting in their non-theatrical availability prior to and during the DVD window. In addition, the
major studios have shortened certain release windows and/or have increasingly made new release movies available on VOD simultaneously or prior to the release on DVD e.g. via “premium VOD”, and in a limited number of instances,
simultaneously with theatrical release. If other distribution channels were to receive priority over, or parity with, the DVD window, coupled with delayed availability of such DVD through our service, subscriber’s perception of value in our
service could decrease and our business could be adversely affected. Further, as these distribution channels shift, our relative position to them, either in DVD or streaming, may impact our subscribers’ perception of or value in our service and
our business could be adversely affected. 

Delayed availability of new release DVDs for rental could adversely affect our business.

Our licensing agreements with several studios require that we do not rent new release DVDs until some period of time after
such DVDs are first made available for retail sale. These agreements provide us with less expensive content as well as deeper copy depth than we might otherwise have absent the delay, thus improving both our business and consumer experience. While
several competitors have used the delayed availability of DVD content through our service to differentiate their own services, we do not believe that this delayed availability has materially impacted our subscriber growth or satisfaction.
Nonetheless, it is possible that the delay in obtaining new release content could impact consumer perception of our service or otherwise negatively impact subscriber satisfaction. Furthermore, in January 2012, Warner Home Entertainment announced it
was increasing the period of delay to fifty-six days. If other studios were to increase the period of delay and /or if our subscriber satisfaction is negatively impacted by this increase in the Warner delay, our business could be adversely impacted.

We could be subject to increased costs arising from our acquisition of DVD content and our subscribers’ demand for DVD titles that
could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

We obtain DVDs through a mix of revenue sharing
agreements and direct purchases. The type of agreement we utilize to acquire DVD content depends on the economic terms we can negotiate as well as studio preferences. If we are unable to negotiate favorable terms to acquire the DVDs, our
contribution profits may be adversely affected. Furthermore, during the course of our agreements, various contract administration issues can arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our
relationship with the studios and distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. Direct purchase of DVDs requires us to be able to accurately forecast demand in order to ensure that we have enough copies of a title to satisfy but
not exceed demand so that our subscriber satisfaction is not negatively impacted. However, if we purchase excess copies of title or experience an increase in usage of a title without a corresponding increase in subscriber retention and growth, our
content and fulfillment costs will increase disproportionately to revenues thus adversely affecting our operating results. Our content costs as a percentage of revenues can also increase if our

9 

Table of Contents

subscribers select titles that were acquired under more expensive revenue share arrangements more often than they select other titles acquired through direct purchase or lower cost revenue share
arrangements. 

Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third-parties that we utilize in our operations could result
in a loss or degradation of service and could adversely impact our business. 

Subscribers and potential subscribers access
our service through our Web site or their TVs, computers, game consoles or mobile devices. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our subscribers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our computer systems and those of
third-parties that we utilize in our operations. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, including discriminatory network management practices, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability
to deliver streaming content or fulfill DVD selections. From time to time, we experience service interruptions and have voluntarily provided affected subscribers with a credit during periods of extended outage. Much of our software is proprietary,
and we rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams for the continued performance of our software and computer systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems used in our
operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential subscribers. 

Our
servers and those of third-parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss,
misuse or theft of data. Our Web site periodically experiences directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive
to remedy and damage our reputation. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to attacks on our Web site or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the
functionality of our services. Any significant disruption to our service or internal computer systems could result in a loss of subscribers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party Web hosting
provider. In addition, we utilize third-party Internet-based or “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV shows and movies in high
volume to Netflix subscribers over the Internet. Problems faced by our third-party Web hosting, cloud computing, or content delivery network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, could adversely impact the experience of
our subscribers. In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to fail completely. As we do not maintain entirely redundant
systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our operations and could adversely affect our business. 

We rely upon
Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. 

Amazon Web Services, or AWS, provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly
referred to as a cloud computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS.
Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the
retail side of Amazon may compete with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service. 

10 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to effectively utilize our recommendation and merchandising technology or develop user
interfaces that maintain or increase subscriber engagement with our service, our business may suffer. 

Our proprietary
recommendation and merchandising technology enables us to predict and recommend titles and effectively merchandise our library to our subscribers. We also develop, test and implement various user interfaces across multiple devices, in an effort to
maintain and increase subscriber engagement with our service. 

We are continually refining our recommendation and
merchandising technology as well as our various user interfaces in an effort to improve the predictive accuracy of our TV show and movie recommendations and the usefulness of and engagement with our service by our subscribers. We may experience
difficulties in implementing refinements. In addition, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to make and implement meaningful refinements to our recommendation technology. 

If our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our subscribers will enjoy or
if we are unable to implement meaningful improvements thereto or otherwise improve our user interfaces, our service may be less useful to our subscribers. Such failures could lead to the following: 

•

 our subscriber satisfaction may decrease, subscribers may perceive our service to be of lower value and our ability to attract and retain subscribers
may be adversely affected; 

•

 our ability to effectively merchandise and utilize our library will be adversely affected; and 

•

 our subscribers may default to choosing titles from among new releases or other titles that cost us more to provide, and our margins may be adversely
affected. 

We rely heavily on our proprietary technology to stream TV shows and movies and to manage other aspects of our
operations, including processing delivery and return of our DVDs to our subscribers, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. 

We continually enhance or modify the technology used for our operations. We cannot be sure that any enhancements or other modifications we
make to our operations will achieve the intended results or otherwise be of value to our subscribers. Future enhancements and modifications to our technology could consume considerable resources. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our
technology to manage the streaming of TV shows and movies to our subscribers in a timely and efficient manner and/or the processing of DVDs among our shipping centers, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be
impaired. In addition, if our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. Also, any harm to our
subscribers’ personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we experience delivery problems or if our subscribers or potential subscribers lose confidence in the U.S. mail system, we could lose subscribers, which could adversely affect our operating results.

We rely exclusively on the U.S. Postal Service to deliver DVDs from our shipping centers and to return DVDs to us from our
subscribers. We are subject to risks associated with using the public mail system to meet our shipping needs, including delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather, natural disasters, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. Our DVDs
are also subject to risks of breakage and theft during our processing of shipments as well as during delivery and handling by the U.S. Postal Service. The risk of breakage is also impacted by the materials and methods used to replicate our DVDs. If
the entities replicating our DVDs use materials and methods more likely to break during delivery and handling or we fail to timely deliver DVDs to our subscribers, our subscribers could become dissatisfied and cancel our service, which could
adversely affect our operating results. In addition, increased breakage and theft rates for our DVDs will increase our cost of acquiring titles. 

11 

Table of Contents

Increases in the cost of delivering DVDs could adversely affect the contribution profit of our Domestic
DVD segment. 

Increases in postage delivery rates could adversely affect our domestic DVD segment’s contribution
profit if we elect not to raise our subscription fees to offset the increase. The U.S. Postal Service increased the rate for first class postage on May 12, 2008 to 42 cents, on May 11, 2009 to 44 cents and again on January 22, 2012 to
45 cents. It is expected that the U.S. Postal Service will raise rates again in subsequent years in accordance with the powers given the U.S. Postal Service in connection with the 2007 postal reform legislation. The U.S. Postal Service continues to
focus on plans to reduce its costs and make its service more efficient. If the U.S. Postal Service were to change any policies relative to the requirements of first-class mail, including changes in size, weight or machinability qualifications of our
DVD envelopes, such changes could result in increased shipping costs or higher breakage for our DVDs, and our gross margin could be adversely affected. For example, the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) at the U.S. Postal Service issued
a report in November 2007 recommending that the U.S. Postal Service revise the machinability qualifications for first class mail related to DVDs or to charge DVD mailers who don’t comply with the new regulations a 17 cent surcharge on all mail
deemed unmachinable. In addition, a by-mail game rental company filed a complaint with the Postal Regulatory Commission alleging that the U.S. Postal Service unreasonably discriminated against it in favor of Netflix and Blockbuster. To the extent
this proceeding was to result in operational or regulatory changes impacting our mail processing, our domestic DVD segment’s contribution profit and business operations could be adversely affected. For example, the U.S. Postal Service recently
announced changes to its service that would close many of its mail processing facilities and eliminate next day service for first class mail. If such changes result in slower delivery of our DVDs or otherwise lead to a decrease in customer
satisfaction, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

If government regulations relating
to the Internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses. 

The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business.
In addition, the growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new
interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. 

The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws limiting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our subscription
service and increase our cost of doing business. For example, in late 2010, the Federal Communications Commission adopted so-called net neutrality rules intended, in part, to prevent network operators from discriminating against legal traffic that
transverse their networks. The rules are currently subject to legal challenge. To the extent that these rules are interpreted to enable network operators to engage in discriminatory practices or are overturned by legal challenge, our business could
be adversely impacted. As we expand internationally, government regulation concerning the Internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be nascent or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, coupled with potentially significant
political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. 

Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.

We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the Internet. To the extent that network operators
implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our subscriber acquisition and retention could be negatively
impacted. For example, in late 2010, Comcast informed Level 3 Communications that it would require Level 3 to pay for the ability to access Comcast’s network. Given that much of the traffic being requested by Comcast customers is Netflix data
stored with Level 3, many 

12 

Table of Contents

commentators have looked to this situation as an example of Comcast either discriminating against Netflix traffic or trying to increase Netflix’s operating costs. Furthermore, to the extent
network operators were to create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. 

Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the Internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video
programming. As such, companies like Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Cablevision have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory
oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours, our business could be negatively impacted. In international markets,
especially in Latin America, these same incentives apply however, the consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition may not be as strong as in our domestic market. 

Privacy concerns could limit our ability to leverage our subscriber data and our disclosure of or unauthorized access to subscriber data could adversely impact our business and reputation.

In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with merchandising our service to our subscribers, we
collect and utilize data supplied by our subscribers. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts
to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the Internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws, that
limit our ability to use collected data, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if unauthorized access to our subscriber data were to occur or if we were to disclose data about our subscribers in a manner that was objectionable
to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. 

Our reputation and relationships with subscribers would be harmed if our subscriber data, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by
unauthorized persons. 

We maintain personal data regarding our subscribers, including names and, in many cases, mailing
addresses. With respect to billing data, such as credit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’
data. If, despite these measures, we, or our payment processing services, experience any unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’ data, current and potential subscribers may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for
them to become subscribers, we could face legal claims, and our business could be adversely affected. Similarly, if a well-publicized breach of the consumer data security of any other major consumer Web site were to occur, there could be a general
public loss of confidence in the use of the Internet for commerce transactions which could adversely affect our business. 

In
addition, we do not obtain signatures from subscribers in connection with the use of credit cards by them. Under current credit card practices, to the extent we do not obtain cardholders’ signatures, we are liable for fraudulent credit card
transactions, even when the associated financial institution approves payment of the orders. From time to time, fraudulent credit cards are used on our Web site to obtain service and access our DVD inventory and streaming. Typically, these credit
cards have not been registered as stolen and are therefore not rejected by our automatic authorization safeguards. While we do have a number of other safeguards in place, we nonetheless experience some loss from these fraudulent transactions. We do
not currently carry insurance against the risk of fraudulent credit card transactions. A failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions would harm our business and results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Increases in payment processing fees or changes to operating rules would increase our operating expenses
and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our subscribers pay for our subscription services
predominately using credit cards and debit cards. Our acceptance of these payment methods requires our payment of certain fees. From time to time, these fees may increase, either as a result of rate changes by the payment processing companies or as
a result in a change in our business practices which increase the fees on a cost-per-transaction basis. Such increases may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are subject to rules, regulations and practices governing our accepted payment methods, which are predominately credit cards and debit cards. These rules, regulations and practices could change or be
reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept these payment methods, and our business
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to
prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 

We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third-parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark,
copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We have filed and from time to time we expect to file for trademark and patent
applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third-parties may challenge any patents issued to or held by us, third-parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our patents, trademarks and other proprietary rights, and we may
not be able to prevent infringement without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished,
competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to subscribers and potential subscribers may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract
subscribers may be adversely affected. 

Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant
rights related to, among other things, our Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes and marketing activities. 

Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property
rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content on our Web site. We use the intellectual property of third-parties in merchandising our products and marketing our service through contractual and other rights. From time to time,
third-parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely
basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting
significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the Internet. We have not searched patents relative to
our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in
our inability to use our current Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing
technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. 

14 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to protect our domain names, our reputation and brand could be adversely affected.

We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names
could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our Web site and our service. The acquisition and maintenance of domain names generally are regulated by governmental agencies and their designees. The
regulation of domain names in the United States may change in the near future. Governing bodies may establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result,
we may be unable to acquire or maintain relevant domain names. Furthermore, the relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and similar proprietary rights is unclear. We may be unable, without significant
cost or at all, to prevent third-parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 

In the event of an earthquake or other natural or man-made disaster, our operations could be adversely affected. 

Our executive offices and data centers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area. We have shipping centers located throughout the United States, including earthquake and hurricane-sensitive areas. Our
business and operations could be adversely affected in the event of these natural disasters as well as from electrical blackouts, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins or similar events. We may not be able to
effectively shift our fulfillment and delivery operations to handle disruptions in service arising from these events. Because the San Francisco Bay Area is located in an earthquake-sensitive area, we are particularly susceptible to the risk of
damage to, or total destruction of, our executive offices and data centers. We are not insured against any losses or expenses that arise from a disruption to our business due to earthquakes and may not have adequate insurance to cover losses and
expenses from other natural disasters. 

We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could
occupy a significant amount of our management’s time and attention. 

From time to time, we are subject to litigation
or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. 

Most of these matters relate to patent infringement lawsuits, which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, could occupy a significant amount of
our management’s time and attention and could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. 

We could be subject
to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations. 

We offer an unlimited
streaming plan in Canada, Latin America and beginning in early 2012 we expanded our streaming service offering to the UK and Ireland. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to
regulatory, economic and political risks that are different from and incremental to those in the United States. In addition to the risks that we face in the United States our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our
business, including: 

•

 the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, including licensing a certain portion of our content
library before we have developed a full appreciation for its performance within a given territory; 

•

 difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 management distraction; 

•

 political or social unrest and economic instability; 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;

15 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 less favorable foreign intellectual property laws; 

•

 adverse tax consequences; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency
exchange rate risk; 

•

 profit repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds; 

•

 differing processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as credit and debit cards;

•

 new and different sources of competition; 

•

 low usage of Internet connected consumer electronic devices; 

•

 different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws; and 

•

 availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion. 

Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our future international operations and our overall business, and
results of our operations. 

We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those
of our common stockholders. 

From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity,
equity-linked or debt securities. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2011, we raised $400 million of additional capital through the sale of $200 million worth of convertible notes in a private placement and $200 million worth of equity through a
public offering. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of
equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. 

We have issued $400 million in debt offerings and may incur additional debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 

As of December 31, 2011, we have $200 million in 8.50% senior notes and $200 million in zero coupon senior convertible notes
outstanding. Risks relating to our long-term indebtedness include: 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate; and

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. 

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms
of indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

16 

Table of Contents

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the
operation of our business and also require us to meet certain covenants. The failure to comply with such covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things: 

•

 borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third-parties including guarantees; 

•

 pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 make investments in entities that we do not control, including joint ventures; 

•

 enter into certain asset sale transactions; 

•

 enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default
under those agreements. 

We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees. 

We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Reed Hastings, members of
our executive team and other key employees and the hiring of new qualified employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. We may not be
successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing personnel, which may be disruptive to our operations. 

Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our charter documents may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:

•

 authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;

•

 provide for a classified board of directors; 

•

 prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; 

•

 establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and 

•

 prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders. 

In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Executive
Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business
combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to
prevent or delay an acquisition of us. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our stock price is volatile. 

The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control:

•

 variations in our operating results; 

•

 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;

•

 announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others; 

•

 competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services; 

•

 market volatility in general; 

•

 the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; and 

•

 the operating results of our competitors. 

As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. 

Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may
experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. 

Financial forecasting by us and financial analysts who may publish estimates of our performance may differ materially from actual results. 

Given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future,
forecasts of our revenues, contribution margins, net income and, number of total and paid subscriber additions and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading
price of our common stock.