There are many factors that may affect Newfield’s business and results of operations. You should carefully consider, in addition to the other information contained in this report, the risks described
below. 

Oil, gas and NGL prices fluctuate widely, and lower prices for an extended period of time are likely to have a
material adverse impact on our business.
    Our revenues, profitability and future growth depend substantially on prevailing prices for oil, gas and NGLs. Lower prices may reduce the amount of oil, gas and NGLs that we
can economically produce. Oil, gas and NGL prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow and raise additional capital. 

The market prices for crude oil, natural gas and NGLs depend on factors beyond our control. Among the factors that can cause fluctuations
are: 

•

 the domestic and foreign supply of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 

•

 the price and availability of, and demand for, alternative fuels; 

•

 weather conditions and climate change; 

•

 changes in supply and demand; 

•

 world-wide economic conditions; 

•

 the price of foreign imports; 

•

 the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation and processing facilities; 

•

 the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including commodity price speculators and others; 

•

 political conditions in oil and gas producing regions; 

•

 the actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations; and 

•

 the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation, including environmental regulation. 

Significant declines in crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices for an extended period may have the following effects on our business:

•

 limiting our access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt; 

•

 causing us to delay or postpone capital projects; 

•

 reducing reserves and the amount of products we can economically produce; 

•

 reducing revenues, income and cash flows; or 

•

 reducing the carrying value of our assets. 

We have substantial capital requirements to fund our business plans that we expect to be greater than cash flows from operations. Limited liquidity would likely negatively impact our ability to
execute our business plan.    
We anticipate that our 2013 capital investment levels will exceed our estimate of cash flows from operations. We expect to sell non-strategic assets and use available capacity under our
credit arrangements to fund the shortfall. Actual levels of capital expenditures may vary significantly due to many factors including drilling results, commodity prices, industry conditions, the prices and availability of goods and services and the
extent to which properties are acquired. In addition, in the past, we often have increased our capital budget during the year as a result of acquisitions or successful drilling. We may have to reduce capital expenditures, and our ability to execute
our business plans could be adversely affected if: 

•

 we are unable to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital; 

26 

•

 one or more of the lenders under our existing credit arrangements fail to honor its contractual obligation to lend to us; 

•

 the amount that we are allowed to borrow under our existing credit facility is reduced; or 

•

 our customers or working interest owners default on their obligations to us. 

Actual quantities of oil, gas and NGL reserves and future cash flows from those reserves will most likely vary from our
estimates.    
Estimating accumulations of oil, gas and NGLs is complex. The process relies on interpretations of available geologic, geophysic, engineering and production data. The extent, quality and reliability of this
data can vary. The process also requires a number of economic assumptions, such as oil, gas and NGL prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of:

•

 the quality and quantity of available data; 

•

 the interpretation of that data; 

•

 the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions; and 

•

 the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate. 

The proved and probable reserve information set forth in this report is based on our prepared estimates. Estimates prepared by others might differ materially from our estimates. 

Actual quantities of oil, gas and NGL reserves, future production, oil, gas and NGL prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures and
operating expenses will most likely vary from our estimates, with the variability likely to be higher for probable reserves estimates. In addition, the methodologies and evaluation techniques that we use, which include the use of multiple
technologies, data sources and interpretation methods, may be different than those used by our competitors. Further, reserve estimates are subject to the evaluator’s criteria and judgment and show important variability, particularly in the
early stages of development. Any significant variance could materially affect the quantities and net present value of our reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and
development activities and prevailing oil, gas and NGL prices. Our reserves also may be susceptible to drainage by operators on adjacent properties. 

You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows is the current market value of our proved reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net
cash flows from proved reserves on SEC pricing, adjusted for market differentials and costs in effect at year-end. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs we used. In addition, actual production
rates for future periods may vary significantly from the rates assumed in the calculation. 

To maintain and grow our
production and cash flows, we must continue to develop existing reserves and locate or acquire new reserves.    
Through our drilling programs and the acquisition of properties, we strive to maintain and grow our
production and cash flows. However, as we produce from our properties, our reserves decline. We may be unable to find, develop or acquire additional reserves or production at an acceptable cost, if at all. In addition, these activities require
substantial capital expenditures. 

Lower oil and gas prices and other factors have resulted in ceiling test writedowns
in the past and may in the future result in additional ceiling test writedowns or other impairments.

    We capitalize the costs to acquire, find and develop our oil and gas properties under the full cost accounting
method. The net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties may not exceed the present value of estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves. If net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties exceed this limit, we must charge the
amount of the excess to earnings. This is called a “ceiling test writedown.” We recorded a ceiling test writedown of approximately $1.5 billion ($948 million after-tax) at December 31, 2012. Although a ceiling test writedown does not
impact cash flows from operations, it does reduce our stockholders’ equity. Once recorded, a ceiling test writedown is not reversible at a later date even if oil and gas prices increase. 

27 

We may experience further ceiling test writedowns or other impairments in the future. The
risk that we will be required to further writedown the carrying value of our oil and gas properties increases when oil and gas prices are low or volatile. In addition, writedowns may occur if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our
estimated proved reserves or our unproved property values, or if estimated future development costs increase. Any future ceiling test cushion would be subject to fluctuation as a result of acquisition or divestiture activity. 

Drilling is a high-risk activity

.    In addition to the numerous operating risks described in
more detail below, the drilling of wells involves the risk that no commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs will be encountered. In addition, we are often uncertain of the future cost or timing of drilling, completing and producing wells.
Furthermore, our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

•

 costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, equipment and materials; 

•

 adverse weather conditions and changes in weather patterns; 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 embedded oilfield drilling and service tools; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 lack of necessary services or qualified personnel; 

•

 availability and timely issuance of required governmental permits and licenses; 

•

 availability, costs and terms of contractual arrangements, such as leases, pipelines and related facilities to gather, process and compress, transport
and market natural gas, crude oil and related commodities; and 

•

 compliance with, or changes in, environmental, tax and other laws and regulations. 

The oil and gas business involves many operating risks that can cause substantial losses

.    Our
oil and gas exploration and production activities are subject to all of the operating risks associated with drilling for and producing oil and gas, including the risk of: 

•

 fires and explosions; 

•

 blow-outs; 

•

 uncontrollable or unknown flows of oil, gas or well fluids; 

•

 pipe or cement failures and casing collapses; 

•

 pipeline ruptures; 

•

 adverse weather conditions or natural disasters; 

•

 discharges of toxic gases; 

•

 buildup of naturally occurring radioactive materials; 

•

 vandalism; and 

•

 environmental damages caused by previous owners of property we purchase and lease. 

If any of these events occur, we could incur substantial losses as a result of: 

•

 injury or loss of life; 

•

 severe damage or destruction of property and equipment, and oil and gas reservoirs; 

28 

•

 pollution and other environmental damage; 

•

 investigatory and clean-up responsibilities; 

•

 regulatory investigation and penalties or lawsuits; 

•

 suspension of our operations; and 

•

 repairs to resume operations. 

Further, offshore and deepwater operations are subject to a variety of additional operating risks, such as capsizing, collisions and damage or loss from typhoon or other adverse weather conditions. These
conditions could cause substantial damage to facilities and interrupt production. Our international operations are dependent upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities that we
do not own. Necessary infrastructures have been in the past, and may be in the future, temporarily unavailable due to adverse weather conditions or other reasons, or they may not be available to us in the future on acceptable terms or at all.

Failure or loss of equipment, as the result of equipment malfunctions, cyber-attacks or natural disasters, could result in
property damages, personal injury, environmental pollution and other damages for which we could be liable. Catastrophic occurrences giving rise to litigation, such as a well blowout, explosion or fire at a location where our equipment and services
are used, may result in substantial claims for damages. Ineffective containment of a drilling well blowout or pipeline rupture could result in extensive environmental pollution and substantial remediation expenses. If our production is interrupted
significantly, our efforts at containment are ineffective or litigation arises as the result of a catastrophic occurrence, our cash flows, and, in turn, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

In connection with our operations, we generally require our contractors, which include the contractor, its parent, subsidiaries and
affiliate companies, its subcontractors, their agents, employees, directors and officers, to agree to indemnify us for injuries and deaths of their employees, contractors and subcontractors and any property damage suffered by the contractors. There
may be times, however, that we are required to indemnify our contractors for injuries and other losses resulting from the events described above, which indemnification claims could result in substantial losses to us. 

The occurrence of any of the foregoing events and any costs or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in
excess of our insurance coverage or not indemnified, could reduce revenue and the funds available to us for our exploration, exploitation, development and production activities and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. See also “— 
We may not be insured against all of the operating risks to which our business is exposed.” 

We are subject to complex laws and regulatory actions that can affect the cost, manner, feasibility or timing of doing business

.    Existing and potential
regulatory actions could increase our costs and reduce our liquidity, delay our operations or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business. Exploration and development and the production and sale of oil, gas and NGLs are subject to extensive
federal, state, local and international regulation. We may be required to make large expenditures to comply with environmental and other governmental regulations. Matters subject to regulation include: 

•

 the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released into the environment; 

•

 response to unexpected releases into the environment; 

•

 reports and permits concerning exploration, drilling, production and other operations; 

•

 the spacing of wells; 

•

 unitization and pooling of properties; 

•

 calculating royalties on oil and gas produced under federal and state leases; and 

•

 taxation. 

29 

Under these laws, we could be liable for personal injuries, property damage, oil spills,
discharge of hazardous materials, remediation and clean-up costs, natural resource damages and other environmental damages. We also could be required to install expensive pollution control measures or limit or cease activities on lands located
within wilderness, wetlands or other environmentally or politically sensitive areas. In addition, failure to comply with these laws also may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and
criminal penalties as well as the imposition of corrective action orders. Any such liabilities, penalties, suspensions, terminations or regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

Further, changes to existing environmental regulations or the adoption of new regulations may unfavorably impact us,
our suppliers or our customers. For example, governments around the world have become increasingly focused on regulating greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in some manner. In the absence of dedicated federal legislation to address climate change
mitigation, the U.S. EPA has taken several actions and rulemakings to regulate, measure or monitor GHG emissions under the existing provisions of the Clean Air Act, or CAA. The EPA has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions from
specified large GHG emission sources in the United States on an annual basis, as well as from certain onshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities on an annual basis. The new regulations could
impact certain facilities in which we have interests (legal, equitable, operated or non-operated) by increasing regulatory risks and reporting requirements. 

In December 2009, the U.S. EPA also issued an “endangerment finding” under the CAA concluding that the current and projected concentrations of GHGs in the atmosphere from motor vehicles threaten
the public health and welfare of current and future generations. The finding, once made, required the EPA to begin regulating GHG emissions from new cars and light trucks under the CAA. Indirectly, it also triggered the EPA’s obligation to
regulate GHG emissions under existing relevant air permitting programs for large stationary sources. On January 2, 2011, the EPA initiated Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) permitting requirements for carbon dioxide and other
GHGs from large and modified stationary sources. Permits limiting GHGs have been issued for a variety of new or modified facilities under the Clean Air Act PSD program. GHG emissions also trigger Title V operating permit requirements for
new and existing sources that exceed certain established emission thresholds. The PSD permitting requirement is triggered when a new or modified facility emits specified levels of GHGs (e.g., 75,000-100,000 tons per year). Emission levels in
excess of these thresholds can then trigger preconstruction permit requirements and application of best available control technology (BACT) as determined on a source-by-source basis. In most cases, based on cost, the BACT compliance option
selected for GHGs is increased energy efficiency. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress continues to consider adopting tax, energy
or environmental market-based mechanisms to promote or require the reduction of GHG emissions from certain industrial sectors. Any such legislation or regulatory programs, depending on design and scope, could increase the cost of oil and gas
production. Some states like California have implemented state-wide GHG mitigation programs to reduce GHG emissions through a mixture of regulatory programs, including a low carbon fuel standard and cap-and-trade market applicable to, among
others, electric utilities and transportation fuels. 

Further, the U.S. Congress has previously proposed legislation that
would directly impact our industry. In response to the 2010 Macondo incident in the Gulf of Mexico, the U.S. Congress was considering a number of legislative proposals relating to the upstream oil and gas industry both onshore and offshore that
could result in significant additional laws or regulations governing our operations in the United States, including a proposal to raise or eliminate the cap on liability for oil spill cleanups under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. 

These and other potential regulations, if introduced and passed in Congress, could increase our costs, reduce our liquidity, delay our
operations or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See also “— The potential adoption of federal, state and local legislative and regulatory
initiatives related to hydraulic fracturing could result in operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and gas wells.” 

30 

Although it is not possible at this time to predict whether proposed legislation or
regulations will be adopted as initially written, if at all, or how legislation or new regulation that may be adopted would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating
restrictions. Additional costs or operating restrictions associated with legislation or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows, in addition to the demand for the natural gas and other hydrocarbon
products that we produce. 

The potential adoption of federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives
related to hydraulic fracturing could result in operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and gas wells.

    Hydraulic fracturing is an essential and common practice in the oil and gas industry used
to stimulate production of natural gas and/or oil from dense subsurface rock formations. We routinely apply hydraulic-fracturing techniques on almost all of our U.S. onshore oil and natural gas properties, including our unconventional resource plays
in the Woodford Shale of Oklahoma, the Granite Wash of Texas and Oklahoma, the Uinta Basin of Utah and the Eagle Ford and Pearsall shales of southwest Texas, which represented approximately 64% of our proved reserves and approximately 67% of our
probable reserves at year-end 2012. Hydraulic fracturing involves using water, sand, and certain chemicals to fracture the hydrocarbon-bearing rock formation to allow flow of hydrocarbons into the wellbore. 

As explained in more detail below, the hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas agencies,
although the EPA, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and other federal regulatory agencies have taken steps to review or impose federal regulatory requirements. Certain states in which we operate, have adopted, and other states are considering
adopting, regulations that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure and well construction requirements on hydraulic-fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing activities altogether. For example, Texas adopted a law in
June 2011 requiring disclosure to the Railroad Commission of Texas (RCT) and the public of certain information regarding the components used in the hydraulic-fracturing process, and the RCT adopted rules regarding the same in December 2011. On
September 11, 2012, the RCT approved new regulations relating to the commercial recycling of produced water and/or hydraulic-fracturing flowback fluid, and on December 17, 2012, proposed revised amendments to rules of casing, cementing, well
control and completion of oil and gas wells. 

In the past three years, news reports indicate that at least 23 states have
approved or considered additional legislative mandates or administrative rules on hydraulic fracturing. In addition to state laws, local land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, may restrict or prohibit the performance of well drilling in
general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. In the event state, local or municipal legal restrictions are adopted in areas where we are currently conducting operations, or in the future plan to conduct operations, we may incur additional
costs to comply with such requirements that may be significant in nature, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells. 

Notwithstanding state regulatory requirements relating to hydraulic fracturing, there are steps by federal governmental agencies that are
either underway or are being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. The White House Council on Environmental Quality is coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices, and a
committee of the United States House of Representatives has conducted an investigation of hydraulic fracturing practices. The EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving diesel under the Safe
Drinking Water Act and recently released draft permitting guidance for hydraulic fracturing activities using diesel. Further, on November 23, 2011, the EPA announced that it was granting in part a petition to initiate rulemaking under the Toxic
Substances Control Act, relating to chemical substances and mixtures used in oil and gas exploration and production. In addition, on May 11, 2012, the BLM issued a proposed rule that would require the public disclosure of chemicals used in
hydraulic fracturing operations, set requirements for well-bore integrity and establish flowback water standards for all hydraulic fracturing operations on federal public lands and American Indian Tribal lands. The proposed rule also required that
an operator certify, in writing, that (a) the stimulation 

31 

design complies with all federal, state, tribal and local regulations; (b) the stimulation was completed in accordance with the design approved by BLM and all applicable regulations; and
(c) the well-bore integrity was maintained during the fracturing process and flowback water was properly stored, treated and disposed. On January 22, 2013, however, BLM withdrew the proposed disclosure rule and intends to release a
revised proposal in 2013. Furthermore, a number of federal agencies are analyzing, or have been requested to review, a variety of environmental issues associated with hydraulic fracturing. The EPA has commenced a study of the potential environmental
effects of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water and groundwater, with initial results in 2013 and final results by 2014. In addition, the U.S. Department of Energy has conducted an investigation into practices the agency could recommend to better
protect the environment from drilling using hydraulic fracturing completion methods. In a November 18, 2011 report, the Shale Gas Subcommittee of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board issued 20 recommendations to federal agencies, states and
private entities that are intended to reduce the environmental impact and assure the safety of shale gas production. 

Given
the heightened awareness regarding the use of hydraulic fracturing, it is possible that regulatory agencies or private parties may suggest that hydraulic fracturing has caused groundwater contamination, whether or not such allegations are accurate.
For example, on December 8, 2011, the EPA released a preliminary report indicating that hydraulic fracturing is responsible for groundwater contamination in Pavillion, Wyoming, although the EPA’s draft report has been hotly criticized as
ignoring certain facts and utilizing incorrect data. In addition, the EPA has alleged in an enforcement action against an operator in Texas that the operator contaminated local groundwater wells, although the RTC found after an evidentiary hearing
that the operator was not responsible for the contamination. Thus, regulatory agencies or private parties alleging groundwater contamination linked to hydraulic fracturing could trigger defense costs in administrative or civil litigation to rebut
the allegations. 

Additionally, certain members of the Congress have called upon (a) the U.S. Government Accountability
Office to investigate how hydraulic fracturing might adversely affect water resources, (b) the SEC to investigate the natural gas industry and any possible misleading of investors or the public regarding the economic feasibility of pursuing
natural gas deposits in shales by means of hydraulic fracturing, and (c) the U.S. Energy Information Administration to provide a better understanding of that agency’s estimates regarding natural gas reserves, including reserves from shale
formations, as well as uncertainties associated with those estimates. These on-going or proposed studies, depending on their degree of pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under
the Safe Drinking Water Act or other regulatory mechanisms. 

Further, on August 16, 2012, the EPA approved final
regulations under the federal Clean Air Act that establish new air emission controls for oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. Specifically, the EPA finalized rules under the New Source Performance Standards (NSPS)
and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAPS) programs. The EPA regulations include NSPS standards for completions of hydraulically-fractured gas wells. Before January 1, 2015, these standards require owners/operators
to reduce volatile organic compound emissions from natural gas not sent to the gathering line during well completion either by flaring using a completion combustion device or by capturing the gas using green completions. After January 1, 2015,
operators must capture the gas and make it available for use or sale, which can be done through the use of green completions. The standards are applicable to newly drilled and fractured wells as well as existing wells that are refractured. Further,
the regulations under NESHAPS include specific new requirements, effective in 2012, for emissions from compressors, controllers, dehydrators, storage tanks, gas processing plants and certain other equipment. We are currently evaluating the effect
these regulations could have on our business. Compliance with such regulations could result in additional costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, for us and our customers which may adversely impact our business.

Based on the foregoing, increased regulation and attention given to the hydraulic-fracturing process from federal agencies,
various states and local governments could lead to greater opposition, including litigation, to oil 

32 

and gas production activities using hydraulic-fracturing techniques. Additional legislation or regulation could also lead to operational delays or increased operating costs in the production of
oil and natural gas, including from the developing shale plays, or could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing. The adoption of any federal, state or local laws or the implementation of regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing
could potentially cause a decrease in the completion of new oil and gas wells and increased compliance costs and time, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We could be adversely affected by the credit risk of financial institutions.    
We have exposure to
different counterparties, and we have entered into transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. In the event of default of a counterparty, we would be exposed to credit risks. Deterioration in the credit markets may impact
the credit ratings of our current and potential counterparties and affect their ability to fulfill their existing obligations to us and their willingness to enter into future transactions with us. We have exposure to financial institutions in the
form of derivative transactions in connection with our hedges and insurance companies in the form of claims under our policies. In addition, if any lender under our credit facility is unable to fund its commitment, our liquidity will be reduced by
an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender’s commitment under our credit facility. 

Our use of oil and
natural gas price hedging contracts may limit future revenues from price increases and involves the risk that our counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us.    
As part of our risk management program,
we generally hedge a substantial, but varying, portion of our anticipated future oil and gas production for the next 24 to 36 months to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices. As of December 31, 2012, we had no
outstanding derivative contracts related to our NGL production. In the case of acquisitions, we may hedge acquired production for a longer period. In addition, we may utilize basis contracts to hedge the differential between the relevant underlying
commodity reference prices and those of our physical pricing points. While the use of hedging arrangements limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, their use also may limit future benefits from favorable price movements and expose us to
the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances. Those circumstances include instances where our production is less than the hedged volume or there is a widening of price basis differentials between delivery points for our production and the
delivery points assumed in the hedge transaction. 

The use of hedging transactions also involves the risk that counterparties,
which generally are financial institutions, will be unable to meet the financial terms of such transactions. If any of our counterparties were to default on its obligations to us under the hedging contracts or seek bankruptcy protection, it could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our planned activities and could result in a larger percentage of our future production being subject to commodity price changes. In addition, in poor economic environments and tight financial
markets, the risk of a counterparty default is heightened, and it is possible that fewer counterparties will participate in future hedging transactions, which could result in greater concentration of our exposure to any one counterparty or a larger
percentage of our future production being subject to commodity price changes. 

Federal legislation regarding swaps could
adversely affect the costs of, or our ability to enter into, those transactions.    
On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Reform Act) was enacted to establish
federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and over entities, such as Newfield, that participate in that market. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act includes provisions that require certain over-the-counter derivatives, or
swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has begun to formally determine the types of swaps that will be subject to the mandatory clearing and
exchange trading requirements. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end-users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading requirements. If our
swap activities are not exempt from mandatory clearing or exchange trading, or from margin requirements for uncleared swaps, we could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for those activities. 

33 

There are substantial costs associated with the Dodd-Frank Reform Act that create
disincentives for end-users like Newfield to hedge their commercial risk associated with anticipated production of oil and gas. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act and related rules and regulations promulgated by CFTC could potentially increase the cost of
Newfield’s swap contracts (including through requirements to post margin or collateral for cleared and uncleared swaps, which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of our swap contracts, reduce the
availability of swaps to hedge or mitigate risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure existing swap contracts, and increase our regulatory compliance costs related to our swap activities. In addition, if we reduce our use of
swaps, our results of operations and cash flows may become more volatile and less predictable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, or our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. It is also possible that the
Dodd-Frank Reform Act and related rules and regulations could affect prices for commodities that we purchase, use or sell, which, in turn, could adversely affect our liquidity or financial condition. 

The CFTC also adopted rules under the Dodd-Frank Reform Act to expand aggregate position limits to include certain swaps that are
economically equivalent to certain types of commodity futures, including specified energy commodity futures and related transactions, which would apply to swap transactions in which we engage beyond certain thresholds. Certain bona fide
hedging transactions or positions would have been exempt from those limits, and the rules could require additional oversight monitoring and reporting. In September 2012, a U.S. federal district court vacated the position limits regulations
and remanded them to the CFTC for additional action. On November 15, 2012, CFTC filed a notice of appeal of that court decision. If the position limit regulations are ultimately reinstated or readopted substantially in the form
originally adopted, they could result in additional compliance costs and alter our ability to effectively manage our commercial risks.

Some of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire unless production is established on units containing the acreage.

    Unless we
establish production in paying quantities on units containing certain of these leases during their terms, the leases will expire and we will lose the right to develop the related properties. Our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change
based upon various factors, including drilling results, commodity prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints
and regulatory approvals. 

Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and
natural gas exploration and production may be eliminated as a result of future legislation.
    In recent years, legislation has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U.S. federal
income tax laws, including the elimination of certain key U.S. federal income tax incentives currently available to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. These changes include, among other proposals: 

•

 the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties; 

•

 the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs; 

•

 the elimination of the deduction for certain U.S. production activities; and 

•

 an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. 

These proposals were also included in President Obama’s Proposed Fiscal Year 2013 Budget. It is unclear whether these or
similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. The passage of such legislation or any other similar changes in U.S. Federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions
that are currently available with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and development. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

There is limited transportation and refining capacity for our black and yellow wax crude oil, which may limit our ability to sell
our current production or to increase our production in the Uinta Basin.

    Most of the crude oil we produce in the Uinta Basin is known as “black wax” or “yellow wax” because it has higher
paraffin 

34 

content than crude oil found in most other major North American basins. Due to its wax content, the oil is heated in the field and transported in insulated trucks during shipping. At this time,
our transportation options are limited. Substantially all of our production is transported by truck to refiners in the Salt Lake City area. We are exploring the feasibility of transporting future oil volumes by rail or pipeline. We currently have
agreements in place with area refiners that secure base load sales of substantially all of our expected production in the Uinta Basin through the end of 2013. In addition, we have executed long-term supply agreements (7 and 10 years) with Tesoro and
HollyFrontier, who are expanding their local refineries. Our commitments begin in 2013 and 2014, respectively. The inability of Tesoro or HollyFrontier to complete their expansions or an extended loss of any of our largest purchasers or inability to
secure new markets outside of the Salt Lake City area could have a material adverse effect on us because there are limited purchasers of our black and yellow wax crude oil. 

The marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and processing facilities over which we may have no control

.    The marketability of our
production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities. We deliver oil and gas through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own. The lack of available
capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. Although we have some contractual control over
the transportation of our production through some firm transportation arrangements, third-party systems and facilities may be temporarily unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical or other reasons, or may not be available to us in the
future at a price that is acceptable to us. Any significant change in market factors or other conditions affecting these infrastructure systems and facilities, as well as any delays in constructing new infrastructure systems and facilities, could
harm our business and, in turn, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have risks associated
with our non-U.S. operations
.    Ownership of property interests and production operations in areas outside the United States are subject to the various risks inherent in international operations. These risks may include:

•

 currency restrictions and exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of expropriation, nationalization, war or insurrection or other changes in government;

•

 increases in taxes and governmental royalties; 

•

 forced renegotiation of, or unilateral changes to, or termination of contracts with governmental entities and quasi-governmental agencies;

•

 changes in laws and policies governing operations of non-U.S. based companies; 

•

 our limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of these non-operated properties; 

•

 the operator’s expertise or other labor problems; 

•

 cultural differences; 

•

 difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental entity because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over
international operations; and 

•

 other uncertainties arising out of foreign government sovereignty over our international operations. 

Our international operations may also be adversely affected by the laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade,
taxation and investment. In addition, if a dispute arises with respect to our international operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of non-U.S. courts or may not be successful in subjecting non-U.S. persons to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the United States. 

35 

Exploration in international deepwater involves significant financial risks, and we
may be unable to obtain the drilling rigs or support services necessary for our deepwater drilling and development programs in a timely manner or at acceptable rates

.    Much of our international deepwater play
lacks the physical and oilfield service infrastructure necessary for production. As a result, development of a deepwater discovery may be a lengthy process and requires substantial capital investment, and it is difficult to estimate the timing of
our production. Because of the size of significant projects in which we invest, we may not serve as the operator. As a result, we may have limited ability to exercise influence over operations related to these projects or their associated costs. Our
dependence on the operator and other working interest owners for these deepwater projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs could prevent the realization of our targeted returns on capital or lead to unexpected
future losses. 

Competition for experienced technical personnel may negatively impact our operations or financial
results

.    Our continued drilling success and the success of other activities integral to our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced explorationists, engineers,
geologists and other professionals. Competition for these professionals remains strong. We are likely to continue to experience increased costs to attract and retain these professionals. 

Competition in the oil and gas industry is intense.

Our competitors
include national oil and gas companies, major oil and gas companies, independent oil and gas companies, individual producers, financial buyers as well as participants in other industries supplying energy and fuel to consumers. Many of our
competitors have greater and more diverse resources than we do. In addition, high commodity prices and stiff competition for acquisitions have in the past, and may in the future, significantly increase the cost of available properties. We compete
for the personnel and equipment required to explore, develop and operate properties. Competition is also prevalent in the marketing of oil, gas and NGLs. Our competitors also may have established long-term strategic positions and relationships in
areas in which we may seek new entry. As a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for certain drilling rights if our competitors are seeking the same. 

We may not be insured against all of the operating risks to which our business is
exposed.

    Our operations are subject to all of the risks normally incident to the exploration for and the production of oil and gas, such as well blowouts, explosions, oil spills, releases of gas or well fluids,
fires, pollution and adverse weather conditions, which could result in substantial losses to us. See also “—
 The oil and gas business involves many operating risks that can cause substantial losses.” We maintain insurance
against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from our operations in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. Our
insurance includes deductibles that must be met prior to recovery, as well as sub-limits and/or self-insurance. Additionally, our insurance is subject to exclusions and limitations. Our insurance does not cover every potential risk associated with
our operations, including the potential loss of significant revenues. We can provide no assurance that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us against liability from all potential consequences, damages and losses. 

We currently have insurance policies covering our onshore and offshore operations that include coverage for general liability, excess
liability, physical damage to our oil and gas properties, operational control of wells, oil pollution, third-party liability, workers’ compensation and employers’ liability and other coverages. Consistent with insurance coverage generally
available to the industry, our insurance policies provide limited coverage for losses or liabilities relating to pollution, with broader coverage for sudden and accidental occurrences. For example, we maintain operators extra expense coverage
provided by third-party insurers for obligations, expenses or claims that we may incur from a sudden incident that results in negative environmental effects, including obligations, expenses or claims related to seepage and pollution, cleanup and
containment, evacuation expenses and control of the well (subject to policy terms and conditions). In the specific event of a well blowout or out-of-control well resulting in negative environmental effects, such operators extra expense coverage
would 

36 

be our primary source of coverage, with the general liability and excess liability coverage referenced above also providing certain coverage. 

In the event we make a claim under our insurance policies, we will be subject to the credit risk of the insurers. Volatility and
disruption in the financial and credit markets may adversely affect the credit quality of our insurers and impact their ability to pay claims. 

Further, we may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. Some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future
or unavailable on terms that we believe are economically acceptable. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable, and we may elect to maintain minimal or no insurance
coverage. If we incur substantial liability from a significant event and the damages are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, then we would have lower revenues and funds available to us for our operations, that could, in turn,
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to
risks in connection with acquisitions

.    The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including: 

•

 recoverable reserves; 

•

 future oil and gas prices and their appropriate differentials; 

•

 operating costs; and 

•

 potential environmental and other liabilities. 

The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry
practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and capabilities. Inspections will not likely be performed on every
well or facility, and structural and environmental problems are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection
against all or part of the problems. 

We depend on computer and telecommunications systems and failures in our systems
or cyber security attacks could significantly disrupt our business operations.
    We have entered into agreements with third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications and other information technology services in
connection with our business. In addition, we have developed proprietary software systems, management techniques and other information technologies incorporating software licensed from third parties. It is possible we could incur interruptions from
cyber security attacks, computer viruses or malware. We believe that we have positive relations with our related vendors and maintain adequate anti-virus and malware software and controls; however, any interruptions to our arrangements with third
parties to our computing and communications infrastructure or our information systems could significantly disrupt our business operations. 

We are exposed to counterparty credit risk as a result of our receivables.    
We are exposed to risk of financial loss from trade, joint venture, joint interest billing,
and other receivables. We sell our crude oil, natural gas and NGLs to a variety of purchasers. Some of our purchasers and non-operating partners may experience liquidity problems and may not be able to meet their financial obligations to us.
Nonperformance by a trade creditor or non-operating partner could result in financial losses. 

Hurricanes, typhoons,
tornadoes and other natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
    Hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes and other natural disasters can potentially
destroy thousands of business structures and homes and, if occurring in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, could disrupt the supply chain for oil and gas products. Disruptions in supply could

37 

have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Damages and higher prices caused by hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes and other natural
disasters could have an adverse effect on our financial condition due to the impact on the financial condition of our customers. 

Restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financial obligations may reduce our operating
flexibility

.
    The indenture governing our outstanding notes and the agreements governing our other indebtedness and financial obligations contain, and any indenture that will govern other debt
securities issued by us may contain, various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of specified subsidiaries of ours to, among other things: 

•

 incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 purchase or redeem our outstanding equity interests or subordinated debt; 

•

 make specified investments; 

•

 create liens; 

•

 sell assets; 

•

 engage in specified transactions with affiliates; 

•

 engage in sale-leaseback transactions; and 

•

 effect a merger or consolidation with or into other companies or a sale of all or substantially all of our properties or assets.

These restrictions could limit our ability to: 

•

 obtain future financing; 

•

 make needed capital expenditures; 

•

 withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general; or 

•

 conduct operations or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. 

Some of the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financial obligations also require the maintenance of specified financial
ratios and the satisfaction of other financial conditions. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and conditions can be affected by unexpected downturns in business operations beyond our control, such as a volatile energy commodity cost
environment or an economic downturn. Accordingly, we may be unable to meet these ratios and conditions. This failure could impair our operating capacity and cash flows and could restrict our ability to incur debt or to make cash distributions, even
if sufficient funds were available. 

Our breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the terms of the
relevant indebtedness, which could cause such indebtedness or other financial obligations to become immediately due and payable. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of borrowings or other amounts owed, we may not have sufficient assets to repay
our indebtedness or other financial obligations, including our outstanding notes and any future debt securities. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws, some of our arrangements with employees and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage an acquisition or change of control of our Company.
    Our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make it more difficult to effect a change of control of our Company, to acquire us or to replace incumbent management. In addition, our change of control severance plan and agreements and our
omnibus stock plans contain provisions that provide for severance payments and accelerated vesting of benefits, including accelerated vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock options, upon a change of control. Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. These provisions could discourage or prevent a change of control
or reduce the price our stockholders receive in an acquisition of our Company. 

38