.
”

The company originally was formed in Hawthorne, California, in 1939, as Northrop Aircraft Incorporated and was reincorporated in Delaware in 1985, as Northrop Corporation. Northrop Corporation was a principal developer of flying wing technology, including the B-2 Spirit bomber. The company developed into one of the largest defense contractors in the world through a series of acquisitions, as well as organic growth. In 1994, we acquired Grumman Corporation (Grumman), after which time the company was renamed Northrop Grumman Corporation. Grumman was a premier military aircraft systems integrator and builder of the Lunar Module that first delivered humans to the surface of the moon. In 1996, we acquired the defense and electronics businesses of Westinghouse Electric Corporation, a world leader in the development and production of sophisticated radar and other electronic systems for the nation’s defense, civil aviation, and other U.S. and international applications. In 2001, we acquired Litton Industries, Inc., a global electronics and information technology company, and one of the nation’s leading full service shipbuilders. Also in 2001, we acquired Newport News Shipbuilding Inc., a leading designer and builder of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and submarines. In 2002, we acquired TRW Inc., a leading developer of military and civil space systems and payloads, as well as a leading global integrator of complex, mission-enabling systems and services. In 2011, we completed the spin-off to our shareholders of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII). HII operates our former Shipbuilding business, comprised largely of a part of Litton Industries and Newport News Shipbuilding. In 2018, we acquired Orbital ATK, Inc., a global leader in the development and production of launch vehicles, missile products and satellites and other space systems. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our IT and mission support services business for $3.4 billion in cash, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The sale is expected to close in the first quarter of 2021. The business descriptions below reflect our business as of December 31, 2020 and will evolve subsequent to the planned divestiture of our IT and mission support services business. 

Organization

From time to time, we acquire or dispose of businesses and realign contracts, programs or businesses among and within our operating segments. Internal realignments are typically designed to leverage existing capabilities more fully and to enhance efficient development and delivery of products and services. The operating results for all periods presented have been revised to reflect any such changes made through December 31, 2020. We are currently aligned in four operating sectors, which also comprise our reportable segments: Aeronautics Systems, Defense Systems, Mission Systems and Space Systems.

AERONAUTICS SYSTEMS

Aeronautics Systems, headquartered in Palmdale, California, is a leader in the design, development, integration and production of autonomous and manned aircraft systems used for battle management, strike and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR). Aeronautics Systems’ primary customers are the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Navy, other U.S. government agencies and international customers. The sector is reported in two business areas that reflect our core capabilities: Autonomous Systems and Manned Aircraft.

Autonomous Systems
 – designs, develops, manufactures, integrates and sustains autonomous aircraft systems for strategic and tactical ISR missions. Strategic ISR programs include high-altitude long-endurance (HALE) autonomous systems, such as the U.S. Air Force RQ-4 Global Hawk, which provides near real-time high resolution imagery of land masses for theater awareness; the U.S. Navy MQ-4C Triton, which provides real-time ISR over vast ocean and coastal regions for maritime domain awareness; the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Alliance Ground Surveillance (AGS) system for ISR missions conducted in multinational theater operations; and HALE autonomous ISR systems for Japan and the Republic of Korea. Tactical ISR programs include the U.S. Navy MQ-8B and -8C Fire Scout, ship-based vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) systems that provide situational 

-1-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

awareness for maritime forces and precision targeting support; and the Firebird product line, which is available in manned, autonomous and optionally-piloted configurations, and provides flexibility through open architecture and plug-and-play mission payload integration.

Manned Aircraft
 – designs, develops, manufactures and integrates strategic long-range strike aircraft systems, tactical fighter aircraft and airborne battle management systems. Long-range strike aircraft programs include the U.S. Air Force’s B-21 Raider long-range strike bomber and modernization and sustainment services for the B-2 Spirit bomber. Tactical fighter aircraft programs include the design, development, manufacture and integration of the F-35 Lightning II center fuselage and F/A-18 Super Hornet center/aft fuselage sections. Airborne battle management programs include the E-2D Advanced Hawkeye and E-8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS).

DEFENSE SYSTEMS

Defense Systems, headquartered in McLean, Virginia, is a leader in the design, development, production, integration, sustainment and modernization of weapon and mission systems for U.S. military and civilian agency customers, and a broad range of international customers. Major products and services include integrated battle management systems, weapons systems, mission system sustainment and modernization, information technology services and intelligence operations. The sector is reported in two business areas that reflect our core capabilities: Battle Management & Missile Systems, and Mission Readiness.

Battle Management & Missile Systems 
–

designs, develops and integrates multi-domain command and control (C2) and weapons systems, including munitions and missiles. The business provides integration and interoperability of net-enabled battle management, sensors, targeting and surveillance systems, as well as air and missile defense C2 systems. It also develops and produces precision strike weapons; advanced propulsion, including high speed air-breathing systems; and high-performance gun systems and precision munitions. Competencies include system and software development; integration of weapon systems; tactical missile and component development and production; and production of advanced fuzes, munitions and defense electronics. Key programs include the Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System (IBCS) for the U.S. Army and Poland; Counter Rocket, Artillery and Mortar (C-RAM); the U.S. Navy’s Advanced Anti-Radiation Guided Missile (AARGM); Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS); Precision Guidance Kit (PGK); and the Mission Command Training Program (MCTP).

Mission Readiness 
–

provides full life cycle service and support for software, weapons systems and aircraft, and logistics support, sustainment, operations and modernization for air, sea and ground systems. It also provides full life cycle development, modernization and sustainment of information systems; security services including information and cyber operations; and intelligence analysis and support. Competencies include aircraft, electronics and software sustainment and engineering; electronic subsystems modernization; weapon systems logistics support; cyber; data analytics and decision support tools; and IT infrastructure including cloud. Key programs include AAQ-24 and APN-241 sensor sustainment; system sustainment and operations support for the B-2 Spirit bomber, E-8C JSTARS surveillance aircraft, KC-30A multi-role tanker, C-27J transport, UK E-3D Airborne Early Warning and Control System, Global Hawk, Triton, and F-35; the Social Security Administration Information Technology Support Services Contract (SSA-ITSSC); Counter Threat Messaging (CTM) for Joint Services; restricted intelligence operations; and Consular Systems Modernization (CSM) for Department of State.

MISSION SYSTEMS

Mission Systems, headquartered in Linthicum, Maryland, is a leader in advanced mission solutions and multifunction systems, primarily for the U.S. defense and intelligence community and international customers. Major products and services include C4ISR systems; radar, electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) and acoustic sensors; electronic warfare systems; advanced communications and network systems; cyber solutions; intelligence processing systems; navigation; and maritime power, propulsion and payload launch systems. The sector is reported in four business areas that reflect our core capabilities: Airborne Sensors & Networks; Cyber & Intelligence Mission Solutions; Maritime/Land Systems & Sensors; and Navigation, Targeting & Survivability.

Airborne Sensors & Networks

–

delivers products, systems and services that support airborne platforms with advanced communications and network systems; multi-function radio frequency (RF) and EO/IR systems; radar, electronic warfare and situational awareness mission systems; and high altitude ISR sensors. Competencies include fire control, surveillance and early warning and control radar systems; electronic attack and electronic support systems; software defined radios and network gateways, communications and counter-communications systems; and multi-sensor processing. Key programs include Airborne Early Warning & Control (AEW&C); Battlefield Airborne Communications Node (BACN); F-35 fire control radar, Distributed Aperture System (DAS), and Communications, 

-2-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

Navigation and Identification (CNI) integrated avionics system; LONGBOW Fire Control Radar (FCR); Joint Counter Radio-Controlled Improvised Explosive Device Electronic Warfare (JCREW); Scalable Agile Beam Radar (SABR); and restricted programs.

Cyber & Intelligence Mission Solutions

– delivers products, systems and services that support full-spectrum cyber solutions, secure processing, transformational computing, advanced technology development, Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) mission systems and enterprise integration of multi-intelligence mission data across all domains. Competencies include cyber mission management; large-scale cyber solutions for national security applications; cyber survivability; ground software systems; SIGINT sensors and processing; and geospatial intelligence and data fusion, specializing in the collection, processing and exploitation of data. Key programs include exploitation and cyber programs; Enhanced Solutions for the Information Technology Enterprise (E-SITE); the Enterprise Application Managed Services (EAMS) program; the Transforming All-Source Analysis with Location-Based Object Services (TALOS); the Unified Platform System Coordinator program; the Airborne Signals Intelligence Payload (ASIP); and restricted programs.

Maritime/Land Systems & Sensors

– delivers products, systems and services that enable maritime and ground platform mission capabilities via sensors, targeting and surveillance systems; electronic warfare systems; mission module integration; power, propulsion and control systems; and missile launchers. Competencies include ground and maritime radar systems; nuclear ship propulsion and power generation systems; shipboard missile and encapsulated payload launch systems; integrated bridge systems; unmanned maritime vehicles; high-resolution undersea sensors; deep-sea packaging; and mission integration. Key programs include the Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program (SEWIP) Block III; Ground/Air Task Oriented Radar (G/ATOR); submarine power, propulsion, launch and sensing systems for Ohio, Virginia and Columbia class submarines; AQS-24B Minehunting System; Littoral Combat Ship Mission Module Integration; DDG Modernization; Offshore Patrol Cutter; and restricted programs associated with the maritime operating domain.

Navigation, Targeting & Survivability 
– delivers products, systems and services that support aircraft platforms with targeting, self-protection and situational awareness mission systems; and provides embedded navigation and positioning sensors for a range of platforms including ships, aircraft, spacecraft and weapons. Competencies include EO/IR and RF self-protection; targeting and surveillance systems; digitized cockpits; and inertial navigation systems. Key programs include the LITENING Advanced Targeting Pod; Large Aircraft and Common Infrared Countermeasures (LAIRCM, DoN LAIRCM, CIRCM) systems; APR-39 DV(2) and EV(2) Radar Warning Receiver programs; AC/MC 130J Radio Frequency Countermeasures; the Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS)/Inertial Navigation Systems-Modernization (EGI-M) program; the UH-60V Black Hawk integrated mission equipment package; and restricted programs.

SPACE SYSTEMS

Space Systems, headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, is a leader in delivering end-to-end mission solutions through the design, development, integration, production and operation of space, missile defense, launch and strategic missile systems for national security, civil government, commercial and international customers. Major products include satellites and payloads; ground systems; missile defense systems and interceptors; launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; and strategic missiles. The sector is reported in two business areas that reflect our core capabilities: Launch & Strategic Missiles, and Space.

Launch & Strategic Missiles 
– designs, develops, manufactures and integrates large strategic missile systems; missile defense systems; small- and medium-class space launch vehicles to place satellites into earth orbit and escape trajectories; and suborbital launch vehicles that place payloads into a variety of high-altitude trajectories. Competencies include large strategic missile design, integration, production, and sustainment as well as the production of medium- and large-class rocket propulsion systems for human and cargo launch vehicles, hypersonic boosters and missile defense interceptors. Key programs include missile defense systems, interceptors, and boosters for the Missile Defense Agency's (MDA) Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system and Ground Based Interceptor (GBI); the Antares rocket used in the execution of our Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) contracts with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA); the development and production of solid rocket motors for NASA’s Space Launch System (SLS) heavy lift vehicle; medium-class solid rocket motors for the U.S. Navy's Trident II Fleet Ballistic Missile program; Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) Engineering & Manufacturing Development (EMD) program; and the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) Ground Subsystem Support Contract (GSSC).

Space 
– designs, develops, manufactures and integrates spacecraft systems, subsystems, sensors, payloads and ground systems to deliver mission capability to national security, science and environmental, communications, on-orbit servicing, and human-rated space systems for earth orbit and deep-space exploration missions. Much of this business is performed through restricted programs. Key unrestricted programs include the Cygnus spacecraft used in 

-3-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

the execution of our CRS contracts with NASA; Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF), Enhanced Polar System (EPS), Evolved Strategic SATCOM (ESS), and Protected Tactical SATCOM (PTS) payloads providing survivable, protected communications to U.S. forces; Next-Generation Overhead Persistent Infrared Program (OPIR) satellites and payloads providing data for missile defense; and the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), a large infrared telescope being built for NASA that will be deployed in space to study the origins of the universe.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

For a summary of selected consolidated financial information, see “Selected Financial Data” under Part II - Item 6. 

CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION

Our largest customer is the U.S. government. Sales to the U.S. government accounted for 84 percent, 83 percent and 82 percent of sales during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. For further information on sales by customer type, contract type and geographic region, see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. No single program accounted for more than ten percent of total sales during any period presented. See “Risk Factors” for further discussion regarding risks related to customer concentration.

COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS

We compete with many companies in the defense, intelligence and federal civil markets. Boeing Company, General Dynamics, L3Harris Technologies, Lockheed Martin, and Raytheon Technologies are some of our primary competitors. Key characteristics of our industry include long operating cycles and intense competition, which is evident through the number of competitors bidding on program opportunities and the number of bid protests (competitor protests of U.S. government procurement awards).

It is common in the defense industry for work on major programs to be shared among a number of companies. A company competing to be a prime contractor may, upon ultimate award of the contract to another competitor, become a subcontractor to the ultimate prime contracting company. It is not unusual to compete for a contract award with a peer company and, simultaneously, perform as a supplier to or a customer of that same competitor on other contracts, or vice versa.

SEASONALITY

No material portion of our business is considered to be seasonal.

BACKLOG

At December 31, 2020, total backlog, which is equivalent to the company’s remaining performance obligations, was $81.0 billion as compared with $64.8 billion at December 31, 2019. For further information, see “Backlog” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (MD&A) and Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

We routinely apply for and own a number of U.S. and foreign patents related to the technologies we develop. We also develop and protect intellectual property as trade secrets. In addition to owning a large portfolio of proprietary intellectual property, we license some intellectual property rights to third parties and we license or otherwise obtain access to intellectual property from third parties. The U.S. government typically holds licenses to patents developed in the performance of U.S. government contracts and may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by these patents for certain purposes. See “Risk Factors” for further discussion regarding risks related to intellectual property.

RAW MATERIALS

We have not experienced significant delays in the supply or availability of raw materials, nor have we experienced a significant price increase for raw materials. See “Risk Factors” for further discussion regarding risks related to raw materials.

HUMAN CAPITAL

Creating a diverse, talented and inclusive workplace is central to our culture, employee engagement, innovation and excellence, and in performing and delivering on our commitments. Our culture is an important factor in our ability to continue attracting and retaining qualified employees, particularly those with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. This focus was a factor in our ability to hire approximately 13,000 new employees in 2020. 

-4-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

Additional information regarding our human capital strategy is available in our comprehensive Sustainability Report and Proxy Statement that can be found on our company website. Information on our website, including our Sustainability Report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

Our Values and Culture

Our values reflect our priorities and form the bedrock of our culture: 

•
We do the right thing – we earn trust, act with ethics, integrity and transparency, treat everyone with respect, value diversity and foster safe and inclusive environments.

•
We do what we promise – we own the delivery of results, focused on quality.

•
We commit to shared success – we work together to focus on the mission and take accountability for the sustainable success of our people, customers, shareholders, suppliers and communities. 

•
We pioneer – with fierce curiosity, dedication and innovation, we seek to solve the world’s most challenging problems.

We believe our values are vital to the continued and future success of the company, and in our ability to attract and retain a diverse workforce. Our values are also integral to our commitment to long-term sustainability, with robust environmental, social and governance practices across our company.

Our annual employee survey gives employees the opportunity to provide feedback on our culture. This survey is managed by a third-party vendor to encourage candor and solicit feedback on many aspects of engagement, including company leadership, culture, inclusion and career development. In 2020, our employee response rate was 84%, an indication that our employees believe their feedback is important. Our leaders review the survey feedback and work with their teams to take action based on survey results.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Diversity, equity and inclusion are, and have long been, critical to our culture and our company’s success. This focus enhances engagement and increases innovation and quality, enabling us to deliver better performance for our shareholders, customers, and employees. Diversity is one of the company’s non-financial ESG performance metrics and is reviewed by the Board of Directors. Across our total employee population, as of December 31, 2020, 25% are female, 36% are people of color, 18% are veterans and 8% are persons with disabilities. Over the past 10 years, at the vice president level, we have doubled the representation of females from 16% to 32% and increased the representation of people of color by approximately 65%, from 11% to 18%. 

Talent Development 

We develop and retain our employees with the skills and capabilities to support the company’s growth and innovation. We offer our employees career-specific tools and resources and support development opportunities through our Education Assistance Program, early education rotation program, apprenticeships and robust training at all levels. 

Collective Agreements 

Approximately 4,000 employees are covered by 17 collective agreements in the U.S., of which we negotiated six renewals in 2020 and expect to negotiate five renewals in 2021. 

See “Risk Factors” for further discussion regarding risks related to our workforce and employee relations.

REGULATORY MATTERS

Government Contract Security Restrictions

We are prohibited by the U.S. government from publicly discussing the details of certain classified programs. These programs are generally referred to as “restricted” in this Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements and financial information in this Annual Report reflect the operating results of our entire company, including restricted programs.

Contracts

We generate the majority of our business from long-term contracts with the U.S. government for development, production and support activities. Unless otherwise specified in a contract, allowable and allocable costs are billed to contracts with the U.S. government pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and U.S. government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS). Examples of costs incurred by us and not billed to the U.S. government in 

-5-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

accordance with the FAR and CAS include, but are not limited to, unallowable employee compensation costs, certain legal costs, charitable donations, interest expense and advertising costs.

We monitor our contracts on a regular basis for compliance with our policies and procedures and applicable government laws and regulations. In addition, costs incurred and allocated to contracts with the U.S. government are routinely audited by the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA).

Our long-term contracts typically fall into one of two contract types:

Cost-type contracts
 – Cost-type contracts include cost plus fixed fee, cost plus award fee and cost plus incentive fee contracts. Cost-type contracts generally provide for reimbursement of a contractor’s allowable costs incurred plus fee. As a result, cost-type contracts have less financial risk associated with unanticipated cost growth but generally provide lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Cost-type contracts typically require that the contractor use its best efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and stated dollar limitation. Fees on cost-type contracts can be fixed in terms of dollar value or can be variable due to award and incentive fees, which are generally based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality and/or technical performance. Award fees are determined and earned based on customer evaluation of the company’s performance against contractual criteria. Incentive fees are generally based on cost or schedule and provide for an initially negotiated fee to be adjusted later, based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs or as schedule milestones are met. Award and incentive fees are included in total estimated sales to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. We estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled.

Fixed-price contracts
 – Firm fixed-price contracts include a specified scope of work for a price that is a pre-determined, negotiated amount and not generally subject to adjustment regardless of costs incurred by the contractor, absent changes in scope by the customer. As a result, fixed-price contracts have more financial risk associated with unanticipated cost growth, but generally provide the opportunity for higher profit margins than cost-type contracts. Certain fixed-price incentive fee contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor’s allowable costs plus a fee up to a cost ceiling amount, typically through a cost-sharing ratio that affects profitability. These contracts effectively become firm fixed-price contracts once the cost-share ceiling is reached. Time-and-materials contracts are considered fixed-price contracts as they specify a fixed hourly rate for each labor hour charged.

Profit margins on our contracts may vary materially depending on, among other things, the contract type, contract phase (e.g., development, low-rate production or mature production), negotiated fee arrangements, achievement of performance objectives, and cost, schedule and technical performance.

See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements and “Risk Factors” for further information regarding our contracts and Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for sales by contract type.

The following table summarizes sales for the year ended December 31, 2020, recognized by contract type and customer category:

$ in millions

U.S.

Government
(1)

International
(2)

Other Customers

Total

Percentageof Total Sales

Cost-type contracts

$

17,706 

$

710 

$

22 

$

18,438 

50 

%

Fixed-price contracts

13,197 

4,478 

686 

18,361 

50 

%

Total sales

$

30,903 

$

5,188 

$

708 

$

36,799 

100 

%

(1)
Sales to the U.S. government include sales from contracts for which we are the prime contractor, as well as those for which we are a subcontractor and the ultimate customer is the U.S. government. Each of the company’s segments derives substantial revenue from the U.S. government.

(2)
 International sales include sales from contracts for which we are the prime contractor, as well as those for which we are a subcontractor and the ultimate customer is an international customer. These sales include foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. 

Environmental

Our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and enforcement actions relating to protection of the environment. In 2015, we announced our 2020 environmental sustainability goals: to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent from 2010 levels; to reduce potable water use by 

-6-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

20 percent from 2014 levels; and to achieve a 70 percent solid waste diversion rate (away from landfills). We are currently measuring our performance to those goals and are in the process of developing new environmental sustainability goals for 2021 and beyond.

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur capital and operating costs to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and to achieve our environmental sustainability commitments. See “Risk Factors” and Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding environmental matters.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

See “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” for information about our executive officers.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our principal executive offices are located at 2980 Fairview Park Drive, Falls Church, Virginia 22042. Our telephone number is (703) 280-2900 and our home page is www.northropgrumman.com.

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statement for the annual shareholders’ meeting, as well as any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). You can learn more about us by reviewing our SEC filings on the investor relations page of our website.

The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about SEC registrants, including Northrop Grumman Corporation. 

References to our website and the SEC’s website in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, such websites. Such information should not be considered a part of this report, unless otherwise expressly incorporated by reference in this report.



Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Industry and Economic Risks

▪
We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer’s priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Our primary customer is the U.S. government, from which we derived 84 percent of our sales in 2020; we have a number of large programs with the U.S. Department of the Air Force, in particular. The U.S. government has been implementing significant changes and spending levels have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate over time even more so. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in the threat environment, defense spending levels, government priorities, political leadership, procurement strategy, military strategy and planning; or broader changes in social, economic or political demands and priorities. The U.S. government also has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, as well as to change its future acquisition strategy.

The U.S. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for its convenience or for default based on performance. In the event of termination for the U.S. government’s convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. Termination by the U.S. government of a contract due to default could require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other damages. Termination of a contract due to our default could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

-7-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

The U.S. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. It is possible that the U.S. government could invoke this ability across a limited or broad number of contracts. In the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work on the contract plus a reasonable fee. However, such temporary stoppages and delays could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which we may not be able to negotiate full recovery from the U.S. government. They could also ultimately result in termination of a contract (or contracts) for convenience or reduced future orders.

A significant shift in government priorities, programs or acquisition strategies could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding more broadly may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

U.S. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. For many programs, Congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis even though the program performance period may extend over several years. Consequently, programs are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract. More broadly, we cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations ultimately approved by Congress and the President or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. Laws and plans adopted by the U.S. government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, potential changes in priorities and defense spending levels, sequestration, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on new starts) and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. In the event government funding for our significant programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contract or subcontract for such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. government or the prime contractor.

The U.S. continues to face an uncertain and changing political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. The Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period (FY 2012 through FY 2021), including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. In prior years, these spending caps have been revised by separate bills for specific fiscal years.

In August 2019, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 was enacted, increasing spending caps under the Budget Control Act (BCA) for FY 2020 and FY 2021, the final two fiscal years covered by the BCA, and suspending the debt ceiling through July 31, 2021. In February 2020, the then President proposed a budget request for FY 2021, which addressed various capabilities highlighted in the U.S. National Security Strategy, the National Defense Strategy and the Missile Defense Review. On December 27, 2020, FY 2021 appropriations were enacted under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021.

The budget environment and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes and the debt ceiling, remain significant short and long-term risks. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the new Administration and Congress, and what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry. If annual appropriations bills are not timely enacted, the U.S. government may continue to operate under a continuing resolution, restricting new contract or program starts, presenting resource allocation challenges and placing limitations on some planned program budgets, and we may face a government shutdown of unknown duration. If a prolonged government shutdown of the DoD were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the U.S. government’s ability effectively to progress programs and to make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our U.S. government contracts and successfully compete for new work.

We believe continued budget pressures could have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including Northrop Grumman, and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. It is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment could have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry.

-8-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

Funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed or cancelled. In addition, budget cuts globally could adversely affect the viability of our subcontractors and suppliers, and our employee base. While we believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the DoD and other customers have previously indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending, changing priorities, budget pressures, defense spending cuts, challenges in the appropriations process, the debt ceiling and ongoing fiscal debates remain uncertain.

Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our current and future programs; long-term funding under a continuing resolution; an extended debt ceiling breach or government shutdown; and/or future budget and program decisions, among other items, may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
We use estimates when accounting for contracts. Contract cost growth or changes in estimated contract revenues and costs could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.

Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making assumptions regarding performance. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. Incentives, awards and/or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit rates when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated performance. Suppliers’ expected performance is also assessed and considered in estimating costs and profitability.

Our operating income can be adversely affected when estimated contract costs increase. Reasons for increased estimated contract costs may include: design issues; changes in estimates of the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, including technical or quality issues or requests to perform additional work at the direction of the customer; production challenges, including those resulting from the availability and timeliness of customer funding, unavailability or reduced productivity of qualified and timely cleared labor or the effect of any delays in performance; the availability, performance, quality or financial strength of significant subcontractors; supplier issues, including the costs, timeliness and availability of materials and components; the effect of any changes in laws or regulations; actions deemed necessary for long-term customer satisfaction; and natural disasters or environmental matters. We may file requests for equitable adjustment or claims to seek recovery in whole or in part for our increased costs and aim to protect against these risks through contract terms and conditions when practical.

Our risk varies with the type of contract. Due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts. In 2020, approximately half of our sales were derived from fixed-price contracts. We typically enter into fixed-price contracts where costs can be more reasonably estimated based on actual experience, such as for production programs. In addition, our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. If the terms specified in our contracts are not met, our profitability may be reduced and we may incur a loss. 

Our fixed-price contracts may include fixed-price development work. This type of work is inherently more uncertain as to future events than production contracts, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in estimates of the costs to complete the development stage. As work progresses through the development stage into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract are typically reduced. While management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with fixed-price development contracts, future events could result in adjustments to those estimates. 

Under cost-type contracts, allowable costs incurred by the contractor are generally subject to reimbursement plus a fee. We often enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. These cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods or towards the end of the contract. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in recognizing profit, which ultimately may not be earned, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. We also may face additional financial risk due to an increasing number of contract solicitations requiring the contractor to bid on cost-type development work and related fixed-price production lots and/or options in one submission, or cost-type development work requiring the contractor to provide certain items to the customer at the contractor’s expense or at little or no fee.

Because of the significance of management’s judgments and the estimation processes described above, it is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, and the failure to prevail on claims for equitable adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of one or more 

-9-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

of the affected contracts and on our overall financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. See “Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments” in MD&A.

▪
Competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues and market share.

We operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more financial capacity, more extensive or specialized engineering, manufacturing, or marketing capabilities in some areas, or be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. We have seen, and anticipate we will continue to see, increased competition in some of our core markets, especially as a result of budget pressures for many customers, a continued focus on affordability and competition, and our own success in winning business. We are facing increasing competition in the U.S. and outside the U.S. from U.S., foreign and multinational firms, including new entrants. In some instances outside the U.S., foreign companies may receive loans, marketing subsidies and other assistance from their governments that may not be available to U.S. companies and foreign companies may be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer. Additionally, some customers, including the DoD, are turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services, and may utilize small business contractors or determine to source work internally rather than hiring a contractor. 

We are also seeing a significant number of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. Bid protests can result in contract modifications or the award decision being reversed and loss of the contract award. Even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings. 

If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, or prevail in protests, or to prevail against other attempts to interfere with our ability to obtain and retain awards, we may experience declines in future revenues and market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

▪
We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, arbitration and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us.

The size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, prosecutions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments (including federal, state and outside the U.S.), which may be increasingly aggressive. We are and may become subject to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings globally and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts, commercial transactions, false claims, false statements, antitrust, compliance with government orders, mischarging, contract performance, fraud, procurement integrity, products liability, warranty liability, the use of hazardous materials, personal injury claims, environmental, shareholder derivative actions, prior acquisitions and divestitures, intellectual property, tax, employees, export/import, anti-corruption, labor, health and safety, the COVID-19 pandemic and the company’s response to it, accidents, launch failures and employee benefits and plans, including plan administration, improper payments, and issues related to privacy and security (cyber and physical), as well as matters relating to the Orbital ATK Federal Trade Commission decision and order. These matters could divert financial and management resources; result in administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (which terms include judgments or convictions and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements), compensatory, treble or other damages, non-monetary relief or actions, or other liabilities; and otherwise harm our business and our ability to obtain and retain awards. Government regulations provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export/import privileges for the company or one or more of its components. Suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions in particular could have a material adverse effect on the company because of our reliance on government contracts and export authorizations. An investigation, claim, dispute, enforcement action or litigation, even if not substantiated or fully indemnified or insured, could also negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it substantially more difficult for us to compete effectively for business, obtain and retain awards or obtain adequate insurance in the future. Investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation or other legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate.

-10-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

We have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy, or the terms of our contracts. However, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such misconduct, despite a vigorous compliance program. This risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new partners. At the same time, law enforcement agencies are continuing to focus on combating global corruption. In the ordinary course of our business we form and are members of joint ventures (with that term used throughout to refer to joint efforts or business arrangements of any type). Notwithstanding our robust process, we may be unable to prevent misconduct or violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. Improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions; monetary and non-monetary penalties; liabilities; and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
As a U.S. government contractor, we and our partners are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry and we could be adversely affected by changes in such laws, regulations and terms, or any negative findings by the U.S. government as to our compliance with them. We also may be adversely affected by changes in our customers’ business practices globally.

U.S. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements. These regulations and other requirements, although often customary in government contracting, increase our performance and compliance costs and risks and are regularly evolving. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity and related certification requirements for our company and our partners, privacy, information protection, cost accounting, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit parts, pensions, anti-human trafficking, specialty metals, conflict minerals and use of certain non-US equipment) can significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability.

We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies, such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) and the DoD Inspector General. These agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and accounting, and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations, terms and standards, as well as the adequacy of our systems and processes in meeting government requirements. Costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, forfeiture of profits or suspension or debarment. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate, with significant financial impact, regardless of the ultimate outcome. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us or our business partners.

Our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally, largely as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key areas for future defense spending. We have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and challenges to government accounting matters and business systems for current and past years, as well as a lengthened period of time required to close open audits, an increased number of broad requests for information and an increased risk of withholding of payments. For example, the thresholds for certain allowable costs in the U.S., including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; the allowability of other types of costs, including certain costs related to environmental remediation and pensions, and certain assumptions used by the company to determine pension expense, are being challenged, debated and, in certain cases, modified, all with potentially significant financial costs to the company. The U.S. government is also pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. The U.S. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue policies that could negatively impact our profitability. Changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements; different award criteria; non-traditional contract 

-11-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

provisions; and government contract negotiation offers that indicate what our costs should be, among others, also may affect our profitability and predictability.

We (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) also are subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal, state and local laws, regulations, contract terms and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act, False Claims Act, Procurement Integrity Act, Federal Communications Commission Act, CAS, FAR, International Traffic in Arms Regulations promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, Export Administration Regulations promulgated under the Export Control Reform Act, Close the Contractor Fraud Loophole Act and FCPA, as well as orders, rules and regulations administered by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and those related to pandemics. If we are found to have violated any such requirements, or are found not to have acted responsibly, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export/import privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment.

If we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations, contract terms and processes to which we are subject or if customer business practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to the thresholds for allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Environmental matters, including unforeseen costs associated with compliance and remediation efforts, and government and third party claims, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including as they may be changed or enforced differently over time. Compliance with these environmental laws and regulations requires, and is expected to continue to require, significant operating and capital costs. We may be subject to substantial administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including suspension and debarment) for violations. If we are found to be in violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the Environmental Protection Agency on a list maintained by the General Services Administration of facilities that generally cannot be used in performing on U.S. government contracts until the violation is corrected. 

We incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation costs related to the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. Stricter or different enforcement of existing laws and regulations; new laws, regulations or cleanup requirements; discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination or new contaminants; imposition of fines, penalties, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource damages); a determination that certain remediation or other environmental costs are unallowable; rulings on allocation or insurance coverage; and/or the insolvency or other inability or unwillingness of other parties to pay their share of such costs could require us to incur material additional costs in excess of those anticipated. We also incur, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs to meet environmental sustainability goals increasingly required by our stakeholders. 

We also are and may become a party to various legal proceedings and disputes involving government and private parties (including individual and class actions, and water districts) relating to alleged impacts from pollutants released into the environment. These matters could result in compensatory or other damages, fines, penalties, and non-monetary relief, and adverse determinations on allowability or insurance coverage.

We are engaged in remediation activities relating to environmental conditions allegedly resulting from historic operations at the former United States Navy and Grumman facilities in Bethpage, New York. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation and other costs and liabilities related to environmental conditions in Bethpage. Applicable remediation standards and other requirements to which we are subject may continue to change, our costs may increase materially, and those costs may not be fully recoverable. We have reached a tentative agreement with the State of New York regarding the steps we will take to implement the State’s Amended Record of Decision and to resolve certain other potential claims, including for natural resource damages. The State is preparing to file a new consent decree reflecting the agreement and to seek court approval. In addition, we are a party to various, and expect to become a party to additional, legal proceedings and disputes related to remediation, environmental impacts, costs, and the allowability of costs we incur, including with federal and state entities 

-12-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

(including the United States Navy, the Defense Contract Management Agency, the state, local municipalities and water districts) and insurance carriers, as well as class action and individual plaintiffs alleging personal injury and property damage and seeking both monetary and non-monetary relief. These Bethpage matters could result in additional costs, fines, penalties, sanctions, compensatory or other damages, determinations on allowability, allocation, and insurance coverage, and non-monetary relief.

In addition, government and private parties could seek to hold us responsible for liabilities or obligations related to former operations that have been divested or spun-off (including our former shipbuilding business) and/or for which we believe other parties have agreed to be responsible and/or to indemnify us, directly or indirectly. The indemnity related rights we have may not be sufficient to protect us against such liabilities.

The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could harm our reputation and business and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.

We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Changes in applicable U.S. (federal, state and local) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability as they did in 2017 upon passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition, the final determination of any state or federal tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 

As a result of the acquisition of Orbital ATK, Inc. (OATK) in 2018, we are subject to outstanding tax audits and may be subject to future tax audits and legal challenges involving OATK and its subsidiaries, the spinoff of its then subsidiary Vista Outdoor Inc. (Vista) in 2015 and related matters. OATK has a tax matters agreement with Vista, pursuant to which, in certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations, Vista is required to indemnify OATK against taxes on the spinoff. However, there are circumstances pursuant to which we may be unable to obtain an indemnification payment or we may be required to indemnify Vista for such taxes under the tax matters agreement.

Changes in our tax provisions or an increase in our tax liabilities, whether due to changes in applicable laws and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, or a final determination of tax audits or litigation or agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Business and Operational Risks

▪
We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

We face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the global outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”). Since first reported in late 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases, business slowdowns or shutdowns, government challenges and market volatility of an unprecedented nature. Although we have, to date, managed to continue most of our operations, we cannot predict the future course of events nor can we assure that this global pandemic, including its economic impact, will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. (For further information relating to our company’s experience to date, and various steps taken related to the risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations).

Our operations may be further impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines or absenteeism; steps the company has taken to protect health and well-being; government actions; facility closures; work slowdowns or stoppages; inadequate supplies or resources (such as reliable personal protective equipment, testing and vaccines); or other circumstances related to COVID-19. Looking forward, we may be unable to perform fully on our contracts, we may experience interruptions in our business and we may incur liabilities and suffer losses as a result. We will continue to incur additional costs as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, including to protect the health and well-being of our employees and as a result of impacts on operations and performance, which costs we may not be fully able to recover. We may be subject to additional regulatory requirements, enforcement actions and litigation, again with costs and liabilities that are not fully recoverable or insured. The continued spread of COVID-19 may also affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, and to maintain our corporate culture.

The continued global pandemic, including the economic impact, are likely also to cause further disruption in our supply chain. If our suppliers have increased challenges with their workforce (including as a result of illness, 

-13-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

absenteeism or government orders), facility closures, access to necessary components and supplies, access to capital, and access to fundamental support services (such as shipping and transportation), they may be unable to provide the agreed-upon goods and services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner. We may incur additional costs and delays in our business, including as a result of higher prices, schedule delays or the need to identify and develop alternative suppliers, and we may need to provide additional resources to support our suppliers or otherwise continue performance under our contracts. In some instances, we may be unable to do that, incurring additional liabilities under our current contracts and hampering new ones.

The global COVID-19 crisis is putting extraordinary pressures on the U.S. government and governments around the world. It could cause delays or limits in the ability of the government and other customers to perform, including making timely payments and awards to us, negotiating contracts and agreeing appropriate costs for recovery, performing quality inspections, supporting testing, accepting delivery, approving security clearances (for individuals and facilities), and providing necessary personnel, equipment and facilities. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 crisis, there may be changes in our customers’ priorities and practices, as our customers in both the U.S. and globally confront competing budget priorities and limited resources. These changes may impact current and future programs, customer priorities, government payments and other practices, procurements, and funding decisions.

While we have significant sources of cash and liquidity and access to committed and uncommitted credit lines, a prolonged period of generating lower cash from operations could adversely affect both our financial condition and the achievement of our strategic objectives. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will not face credit rating downgrades, and such downgrades could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets. The current market volatility may also impact investment performance and our expected asset valuations and returns, which could materially impact the calculation of long-term liabilities such as our pension obligations. 

We continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers and local communities) in an effort to address responsibly this global pandemic. We continue to monitor the situation, to assess further possible implications to our employees, business, supply chain and customers, and to take certain actions in an effort to mitigate various adverse consequences.

We expect that the longer the COVID-19 pandemic, including its economic disruption, continues, the greater the adverse impact on our business operations, financial performance and results of operations could be. Given the tremendous uncertainties and variables, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, but any one could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations.

Sales to customers outside the U.S. are an important component of our strategy. Our international business (including our participation in joint ventures and other joint business arrangements, requirements for local content, and our global supply chain) is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. These risks differ in some respects from those associated with our U.S. business and our exposure to such risks may increase if and as our international business continues to grow.

Our international business is subject to both U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to export/import controls, sanctions, technology transfer restrictions, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, investment, exchange rates and controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other anti-corruption laws, the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Control Reform Act, labor and employment, works councils and other labor groups, anti-human trafficking, taxes, environment, immunity, security restrictions and intellectual property. Failure by us, our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, commercial or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export/import privileges. Our customers outside of the U.S. generally have the ability to terminate contracts for default based on performance. Suspension or debarment, or termination of a contract due to default, in particular, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. New regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in the various countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally. Despite robust processes, we also face risks related to the unintended or unauthorized use of our products. 

-14-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

Changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, political relations and instability, and/or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets, including sales to customers outside the U.S. and purchases from suppliers outside the U.S. Our international business may be impacted by changes in U.S. and foreign national policies and priorities, and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, bilateral and multi-lateral relationships, government budgets, and economic and political factors more generally, and any of which could impact funding for programs, our ability to perform and/or export authorizations, or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. We also could be affected by the legal, regulatory and economic impacts of Britain’s exit from the European Union, the full impact of which is not known at this time. Global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could further impact our business. For example, the tightening of credit in financial markets outside of the U.S. could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments.

Our contracts with non-U.S. customers may also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. They may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other operational or financial obligations, including offset obligations, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. They may also require us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our performance obligations. We also are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. Our ability to sell products outside the U.S. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products for export on a cost effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations on a timely basis. We face risks related to our products that are approved for export, but may be subject to the U.S. government changing or revoking the export authorization after the product is ordered. Our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. also depends on our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the skills and/or security clearances in the markets in which we do business. More broadly, our ability effectively to pursue and execute contracts outside the U.S. also may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-U.S. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, co-production or other arrangements, in support of such pursuits. This risk includes the ability to timely identify and negotiate appropriate arrangements with local partners as well as potential exposure for their actions. This risk may increase, depending on local requirements regarding who we partner with and under what circumstances, particularly where we are effectively required to partner with government-affiliated entities.

The products and services we provide, including those provided by subcontractors and joint ventures in which we have an interest, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts and/or developing legal systems. This may increase the risk to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties, and/or increase the risk of a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products.

The occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions.

As a defense contractor, we face significant cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to and to harm sensitive information and networks; insider threats; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to the security and viability of our facilities, infrastructure, products and supply chain; and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression. Our customers and partners (including our supply chain and joint ventures) often face similar threats and growing requirements, including ones for which others may seek to hold us responsible. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. These threats could lead to losses or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial liabilities; and the misuse of our products, as well as damage to our reputation as a government contractor and provider of cyber-related or cyber-protected goods and services.

Cyber threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to: malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disruption or denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems; unauthorized release of confidential, personal or otherwise protected information (ours or that of our employees, customers or partners); corruption of data, networks or 

-15-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

systems; harm to individuals; and loss of assets. In addition, we could be impacted by cyber threats or other disruptions or vulnerabilities found in products we use or in our partners’ or customers’ systems that are used in connection with our business. These events, if not prevented or effectively mitigated, could damage our reputation, require remedial actions and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, potential liability and other financial losses.

We provide systems, products and services to various customers (government and commercial) who also face cyber threats. Our systems, products and services may themselves be subject to cyber threats and/or they may not be able to detect or deter threats, or effectively to mitigate resulting losses. These losses could adversely affect our customers and our company.

The impact of these various factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, contractual or regulatory actions and potential liabilities, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our earnings and profitability depend, in part, on subcontractor and supplier performance and financial viability as well as raw material and component availability and pricing.

We rely on other companies to provide raw materials, chemicals and components and subsystems for our products and to produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies, provide software and intellectual property, provide information about the parts they supply to us, and perform some of the services we provide to our customers, and to do so in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. Disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors and suppliers, failure to meet regulatory or contractual requirements, or a misalignment between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreement with our subcontractors and suppliers, could have various impacts on the company, including on our ability to meet our commitments to customers.

Our ability to perform our obligations on time could be adversely affected if one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers were unable to provide the agreed-upon products, materials or information, or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner or otherwise to meet the requirements of the contract or applicable regulations. Changes in political or economic conditions, including changes in defense budgets or credit availability or sanctions, or other changes impacting a subcontractor or supplier (including changes in ownership or operations), as well as their ability to retain talent and other resources, and requirements or changes in requirements imposed on them by other customers, could adversely affect the financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers and/or their ability to perform. The inability of our suppliers to perform, or their inability to perform adequately, could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other resources to support our existing suppliers. This risk may increase as the demands grow for our subcontractors and suppliers to meet extensive government-related cyber and other requirements.

In connection with our U.S. government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the customer. Among many other examples, we require assured access to microelectronics. We also are facing increased and changing regulatory requirements, both domestically and internationally, many of which apply to our subcontractors and suppliers. As a prime, we are often responsible for not only our compliance with these regulatory requirements, but that of our subcontractors and suppliers too. In some cases, there may be only one supplier, or one domestic supplier, for certain components. If a supplier cannot appropriately meet our needs, experiences disruptions to production or is otherwise unavailable or not fully available, we may be unable to find a suitable alternative.

Our procurement practices are intended to reduce the likelihood of our procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials. We rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, including regarding the parts or materials we procure from them; in some circumstances, we rely on certifications provided by our subcontractors and suppliers regarding their compliance. We also rely on our subcontractors and suppliers effectively to mitigate the risk of cyber and security threats or other disruptions with respect to the products, components and services they deliver to us and the information entrusted to them by us or our customers and to comply with applicable contractual terms and laws and regulations, including cybersecurity and related certification requirements. 

If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform or we are unable to procure, or experience significant delays in deliveries of, needed products, materials or services; or if they do not comply with all applicable laws, regulations, 

-16-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

requirements and contract terms, including if what we receive is counterfeit or otherwise improper, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

▪
Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce.

Our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math, and who share our values and are able to operate effectively consistent with our culture. Outside the U.S., it is increasingly important that we are also able to attract and retain personnel with relevant local qualifications and experience. We are facing competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies. If qualified personnel are scarce or difficult to attract or retain or if we experience a high level of attrition, generally or in particular areas, or if such personnel are unable to obtain security clearances on a timely basis, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain necessary employees. There is also the risk that we are unable to achieve our diversity, equity and inclusion objectives or, more broadly, to meet sustainability goals increasingly required by our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders.

Certain of our employees are covered by collective agreements. We generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. If we experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective agreements or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor-related disruptions. Any such expenses or delays could adversely affect our programs served by employees who are covered by such agreements or representation.

If we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected.

▪
Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. Failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability, reputation and future prospects.

We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a variety of environments, including some under highly demanding operating conditions, to accomplish challenging missions. Problems and delays in development or delivery, or system failures, as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, research and development funding, intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, inability to manage effectively a broad array of programs, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor performance could prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities. Similarly, failures to perform on schedule or otherwise to fulfill our contractual obligations could negatively impact our financial position, reputation and ability to win future business.

In addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. Examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue, schedule and profitability include loss on launch or flight of spacecraft, loss of aviation platforms, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, unintended explosions or similar events, problems with design, quality and workmanship, country of origin of procured materials, inadequate delivery of subcontractor components or services and degradation of product performance. These failures could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. Among the factors that may affect revenue and profitability could be inaccurate cost estimates, design issues, human factors, unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received, or replacement obligations.

Certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that also entitle the customer to recover fees in the event of failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. Under such terms, we could be required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected.

If we are unable to meet our obligations, including due to issues regarding the design, development or manufacture of our products or services, or we experience launch, platform or satellite system failures, it could have a material 

-17-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters that could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position.

We have significant operations, including centers of excellence, located in regions that may be exposed to hurricanes, earthquakes, other damaging storms, water levels, wildfires and other natural disasters. Our subcontractors and suppliers are also subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform under a contract, including as a result of disruptions to their workforce and critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations. Although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural disasters, the nature, frequency and severity of which may be impacted by climate change, and delays in recovery may be significant.

If insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are unavailable or insufficient to recover all costs or if we experience a significant disruption to our business due to a natural disaster, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
We provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations, which subjects us to various environmental, regulatory, financial, reputational and other risks.

We provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations. Among other such operations, our products and services are used in nuclear-related activities (including nuclear-powered platforms) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. In addition, certain of our products are provided with space launch services. We use and provide energetic materials and solid rocket motors, including products that involve highly explosive or flammable elements. We develop missile systems, and counter systems, including strategic deterrents, as well as subsystems and components. All of these activities subject us to various extraordinary risks, including (1) potential liabilities relating to nuclear or launch-related incidents, unintended initiation of energetic materials and explosions, including risk of personal injury, property damage and environmental harm; (2) to the harmful effects on the environment and human health that may result from nuclear-related activities, operations or incidents, as well as the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; and (3) to failed launches. We may be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear, launch or explosive incident, among others, whether or not the cause was within our control, and insurance may not be available. Under some circumstances, the U.S. government and prime contractors may provide for certain indemnification and other protection under certain of our government related contracts, including pursuant to, or in connection with, Public Law 85-804, 10 U.S.C. 2354, the Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act and the Terrorism Risk Insurance Reauthorization Act, for certain risks, but those protections may not be available and they are limited in scope.

Certain of our products, such as small, medium and large caliber ammunition and solid rocket motors and liquid propulsion engines, involve the use, manufacture and/or handling of a variety of explosive and flammable materials. From time to time, these activities have resulted in incidents that have caused workplace injuries and fatalities, the temporary shut down or other disruption of manufacturing processes, production delays, environmental harm and expense, fines and liability to third parties. We have safety and loss prevention programs which provide for pre-construction reviews of process changes and new operations, along with safety audits of operations involving explosive materials, to attempt to mitigate such incidents, as well as insurance coverage. We and our customers may experience similar or more serious incidents in the future which could result in various liabilities and production delays.

In addition, our customers may use our products and services in connection with hazardous activities, in ways that can be unusually hazardous or risky, or in ways that are not intended, creating potential liabilities for our company as the provider of the products and services. In the event of an incident, if our customers fail to use our products properly or as intended, or if our products or services do not operate as intended, we could be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities. 

If there was a nuclear incident or other nuclear-related damages, an incident related to launch activities, an incident related to the use of energetics or rocket motors, or an incident or other damages related to or caused by the use of our products and services in connection with hazardous activities or risks, and if insurance coverage or indemnification or other protection was not fully available to cover our losses and liabilities, it could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

-18-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

▪
We may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete, our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

To perform on our contracts and to win new business, we depend on our ability to develop, protect and exploit our intellectual property and also to access the intellectual property of others under reasonable terms. We may not be able adequately to exploit, protect or access intellectual property and the conduct of our customers, competitors and suppliers may make it more difficult for us to do so.

We own many forms of intellectual property, including U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets and we license or otherwise obtain access to various intellectual property rights of third parties. The U.S. government and certain foreign governments hold licenses or other rights to certain intellectual property that we develop in performance of government contracts, and may seek to use or authorize others to use such intellectual property, including in competition with us and including where we do not believe they have, or should have, the right to do so. Governments continue to increase efforts to assert or obtain more extensive rights in intellectual property, which could reduce our ability to develop, protect and exploit certain of our intellectual property rights and to compete. Governments also decline at times to make intellectual property of others available to us under acceptable terms.

We rely significantly upon proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how. We typically seek to protect this information, including by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties such as consultants, teammates and subcontractors. These agreements and other measures may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets and other proprietary information. In the event of an infringement of such intellectual property rights, a breach of a confidentiality agreement, a misuse or theft of our intellectual property or divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies. In addition, our trade secrets or other proprietary information may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.

In some instances, our ability to seek, win or perform contracts may require us to access and use third party intellectual property. This may require that the government or our customer is willing and able to provide rights to such third party intellectual property, or that we are able to negotiate directly to obtain necessary rights on reasonable terms.

Our intellectual property is subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties. Our access to and use of intellectual property licensed or otherwise obtained from third parties is also subject to challenges. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management’s attention away from other aspects of our business. Moreover, the laws concerning intellectual property rights vary among countries and the protection provided to our intellectual property by foreign laws and courts may not be the same as the remedies available under U.S. law.

If we are unable adequately to exploit our intellectual property rights, to protect our intellectual property rights, or to obtain rights to intellectual property of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, ability to compete for and perform on contracts, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers.

Many of the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the U.S. and internationally. In addition, our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends, in part, on continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects. Our success also depends on our continued access to assured suppliers of important technologies and components and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. Our customers and markets also increasingly require us to be agile and efficient, and digitally enabled. If we are unable to develop new products and technologies in a timely fashion, or if we fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected. If we fail to maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant amount of future business to our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain market share.

-19-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

General and Other Risk Factors 

▪
Our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position.

We endeavor to obtain insurance agreements from financially solid, responsible, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters, space launches, hazardous operations, energetics and products liability). Not every risk or liability can be insured, and for risks that are or should be insurable, the policy limits and terms of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be available or sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred (including claims related to pandemics and communicable disease). Even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us or without increasing exclusions. Disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers may significantly affect the availability or timing of recovery, and may impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage at reasonable rates in the future.

In some circumstances we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. However, these protections are not always available, can be difficult to obtain, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover all losses or liabilities incurred.

If insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover our risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Pension and other postretirement benefit (OPB) obligations and related expenses recorded in our financial statements may fluctuate significantly depending upon investment performance of plan assets, changes in actuarial assumptions, and legislative or other regulatory actions.

A substantial portion of our current and retired employee population is covered by pension and OPB plans. Defined benefit pension and OPB obligations and related expenses as recorded in our financial statements are dependent upon the investment performance of plan assets and various assumptions, including discount rates applied to future payment obligations, mortality assumptions, estimated long-term rates of return on plan assets, rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. In addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our pension plans, including Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation premiums for certain of our defined benefit plans, are subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions.

In accordance with government regulations, pension plan cost recoveries under our U.S. government contracts may occur in different periods from when those pension costs are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. These timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. The cost accounting rules have been revised in order to partially harmonize the measurement and period of assignment of defined benefit pension plan costs allocable to U.S. government contracts and minimum required contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended by the Pension Protection Act (PPA) of 2006. These rules better align, but do not eliminate, mismatches between ERISA funding requirements and CAS pension costs for U.S. government CAS covered contracts.

Investment performance of plan assets, changes in assumptions associated with our pension and OPB plans, and government challenges could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

▪
Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill and other long-lived assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.

Goodwill accounts for approximately 39 percent of our total assets. Although we currently have excess fair value of our reporting units over their respective carrying values, market-based inputs to the calculations in our goodwill impairment test, such as weighted average cost of capital and terminal value (based on market comparisons) could change significantly from our current assumptions. Additionally, we acquired a significant amount of purchased intangible and other long-lived assets in the Merger, whose recovery is dependent, in part, on future business conditions. We continue to monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived assets. Significant write-offs of goodwill or other long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations.

-20-

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION