The company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within the company’s control that may cause actual performance to differ
materially from historical or projected future performance. Information contained within this Form 10-K should be carefully considered by investors in light of the risk factors described below. 

§

The Company Is Heavily Dependent on a Single Customer, The U. S. Government, for a Substantial Portion of Its Business, and Changes Affecting This Customer’s Capacity to
Do Business with The Company Could Have a Material Adverse Affect Upon The Company.

Approximately 90 percent of the company’s revenues during 2005 were derived from products and services ultimately sold to the U.S. Government and are
therefore affected by, among other things, the federal budget process. The company is a supplier, either directly or as a subcontractor or team member, to the U.S. Government and its agencies as well as foreign governments and agencies. These
contracts are subject to the respective customers’ political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in customers’ short-range and long-range strategic plans, the timing of contract awards, and in the case of contracts with the
U.S. Government, the congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes, the Government’s ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for default, as well as other risks such as contractor suspension or debarment in the event
of certain violations of legal and regulatory requirements. The termination or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations. 

In the event of termination for the government’s convenience,
contractors are normally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred subsequent to termination. The company is involved in a lawsuit concerning a contract terminated for convenience. See “Other Matters” in Part I,
Item 3. 

§

Many of The Company’s Contracts Contain Performance Obligations That Require Innovative Design Capabilities, Are Technologically Complex, Require State-Of-The-Art
Manufacturing Expertise or Are Dependent Upon Factors Not Wholly In The Company’s Control and Failure to Meet These Obligations Could Adversely Affect The Company’s Profitability and Future Prospects.

The company designs, develops and manufactures technologically advanced and
innovative products and services applied by our customers in a variety of environments. Problems and delays in delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning curve assumptions, or
materials and components could prevent the company from achieving contractual requirements. 

In addition, the company’s products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. Examples of unforeseen problems which could negatively affect revenue and
profitability include loss on launch of spacecraft, premature failure, problems with quality, country of origin, or delivery of subcontractor components or services, or unplanned degradation of product performance. These failures could result,
either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. Among the factors that may affect revenue and profits could be unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in
responding to unforeseen liabilities, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of progress payments and award fees. 

Certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that entitle the customer to recover fees
in the event of partial or complete failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. Under such terms, the company could be required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected. The
company has not experienced any significant losses in the last decade in connection with contract performance incentive provisions. However, if the company were to experience launch failures or complete satellite system failures in the future, such
events could have a material adverse impact on the company’s financial position or results of operations. 

-15- 

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

§

Contract Cost Growth on Fixed-Price and Other Contracts That Cannot Be Justified as an Increase In Contract Value Due From Customers Exposes The Company to Reduced
Profitability and the Potential Loss of Future Business.

Operating margin is adversely affected when contract costs that cannot be billed to the customer are incurred. This cost growth can occur if initial estimates used for calculating the contract price were incorrect, or
if estimates to complete increase. The cost estimation process requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost growth may include unavailability and productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the
effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from the customer, natural disasters, and the inability to recover any claims included in the estimates to complete.
A significant change in an estimate on one or more programs could have a material effect on the company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently have more risk than cost-type contracts and therefore generally carry
higher profit margins. Approximately 35 percent of the company’s contracts are fixed-price – see “Contracts” in Part II, Item 7. Cost-type contracts may carry risk to the extent of their specific contract terms and
conditions relating to performance award fees and negative performance incentives. The company typically enters into fixed-price contracts where costs can be reasonably estimated based on experience. In addition, certain contracts other than
fixed-price contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. Should the terms specified in those contracts not be met, then profitability may be reduced. 

Fixed-price development work inherently has more uncertainty as to future events than production contracts and therefore
more variability in estimates of the costs to complete the development stage. As work progresses through the development stage into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract are reduced. In addition, successful
performance of fixed-price development contracts, which include production units, is subject to the company’s ability to control cost growth in meeting production specifications and delivery rates. While management uses its best judgment to
estimate costs associated with fixed-price development programs, future events could result in either upward or downward adjustments to those estimates. Examples of the company’s significant fixed-price development contracts include the F-16
Block 60 combat avionics program and the MESA radar system for the Australian Defence Force’s Project Wedgetail program, both of which are performed by the Electronic Systems segment. It is also not unusual in the Ships segment for the company
to negotiate fixed-price production follow-on contracts before the development effort has been completed and learning curves fully realized on existing contracts. Examples of negotiated fixed-price programs with follow-on production options are the
Polar Tanker program and the Virginia-class submarine program. 

§

The Company’s Operations Are Subject to Numerous Domestic and International Laws, Regulations and Restrictions, and Noncompliance With These Laws, Regulations and
Restrictions Could Expose The Company to Fines, Penalties, Suspension or Debarment, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Affect on The Company’s Profitability and Its Overall Financial Position.

The company has thousands of contracts and operations in many parts of the
world subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. Prime contracts with various agencies of the U.S. Government and subcontracts with other prime contractors are subject to numerous procurement regulations, including the False Claims Act and
the International Traffic in Arms Regulation promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, with noncompliance found by any one agency possibly resulting in fines, penalties, debarment, or suspension from receiving additional contracts with all U.S.
Government agencies. Given the company’s dependence on U.S. Government business, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on the company. 

In addition, international business subjects the company to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, regulations relating to import-export control, technology transfer restrictions repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Administration
Act. Failure by the company or its sales representatives or consultants to 

-16- 

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities and could in the extreme case result in suspension or
debarment from government contracts or suspension of the company’s export privileges, which could have a material effect on the company. Changes in regulation or political environment may affect the company’s ability to conduct business in
foreign markets including investment, procurement, and repatriation of earnings. 

The company operates in a highly regulated environment and is routinely audited by the U.S. Government and others. On a regular basis, the company monitors its policies and procedures with respect to its contracts to
ensure consistent application under similar terms and conditions and to assess compliance with all applicable government regulations. Negative audit findings could result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, or suspension of
payments. From time to time the company is subject to U.S. Government investigations relating to its operations. Government contractors that are found to have violated the law such as the False Claims Act or the Arms Export Control Act, or are
indicted or convicted for violations of other federal laws, or are found not to have acted responsibly as defined by the law, may be subject to significant fines. Such convictions could also result in suspension or debarment from government
contracting for some period of time. Given the company’s dependence on government contracting, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on the company. 

§

The Company’s Business Is Subject to Disruption Caused by Issues With Its Suppliers, Subcontractors, Workforce, Natural Disasters and Other Factors That Could Adversely
Affect The Company’s Profitability and Its Overall Financial Position.

The company may be affected by delivery or performance issues with key suppliers and subcontractors, as well as other factors that may cause operating
results to be adversely affected. Operating results are also dependent on successful negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. Changes in inventory requirements or other production cost increases may also have a negative effect on the
company’s consolidated results of operations. 

The
company has significant operations located in regions of the United States where damaging storms are somewhat common. While preventative measures typically help to minimize harm to the company, the damage and disruption resulting from certain storms
may be significant. Although no assurances can be made, the company believes it can recover costs associated with natural disasters through insurance or its contracts. 

§

The Company Has Substantial Investments In Recorded Goodwill as a Result of Prior Acquisitions, and Changes In Future Business Conditions Could Cause These Investments to
Become Impaired, Requiring Substantial Write-Downs That Would Reduce The Company’s Operating Income.

Goodwill accounts for approximately half of the company’s recorded total assets. The company evaluates the recoverability of recorded goodwill
amounts annually, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. The annual impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment. Principally, a decrease in expected reporting unit cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate
potential impairment of recorded goodwill. See “Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments” in Part II, Item 7. 

§

The Company Is Subject to Various Claims and Litigation That Could Ultimately Be Resolved Against The Company Requiring Material Future Cash Payments, and/or Future Material
Charges Against The Company’s Operating Income and Materially Impairing The Company’s Financial Position.

The size and complexity of the company’s business make it highly susceptible to claims and litigation. The company is subject to environmental
claims, income tax matters and other litigation, which, if not resolved within established accruals, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See “Legal
Proceedings” in Part I, Item 3. 

-17- 

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

§

Pension and Medical Expense Associated with the Company’s Retirement Benefit Plans May Fluctuate Significantly Depending Upon Changes in Actuarial Assumptions and Future
Market Performance of Plan Assets. 

A
substantial portion of the company’s current and retired employee population are covered by pension and post-retirement obligation plans, the costs of which are dependent upon the company’s estimates of rates of return on benefit related
assets, discount rates for future payment obligations, rates of future cost growth and trend rates for future costs, and variances from these estimates could adversely affect the company’s profitability and overall financial position. See
“Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments” in Part II, Item 7. 

§

The Company’s Insurance Coverage May Be Inadequate to Cover All of Its Significant Risks or Its Insurers May Deny Coverage of Material Losses Incurred By The Company,
Which Could Adversely Affect The Company’s Profitability and Overall Financial Position.

The company endeavors to identify and cover through insurance agreements significant risks of loss including, without limitation, natural disasters,
business interruption and products liability, but there may be disputes with carriers over coverage that may affect timing of cash flows or, if the outcome is unfavorable, may have an adverse effect on results of operations. For example, we are in
dispute with one of our insurance carriers with regard to hurricane Katrina (see Notes 2 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8). 

§

The Company’s Forward Looking Statements and Projections May Prove to Be Inaccurate and This Could Impair The Company’s Ability to Access The Capital Markets and
Obtain Adequate Sources of Capital to Meet Its Future Needs.

Statements in the future tense, and all statements accompanied by terms such as “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “estimate,” “assume,” “intend,”
“anticipate,” and variations thereof and similar terms are intended to be “forward-looking statements” as defined by federal securities law. While these forward-looking statements reflect the company’s best estimates when
made, actual results may differ materially from those estimates or projections.