Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and
 cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not
 exclusively within our control, that may cause actual
 performance to differ materially from historical or projected
 future performance. We urge you to carefully consider the risk
 factors described below in evaluating the information contained
 in this report.

 n   

 We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S.
 Government, for a substantial portion of our business, including
 programs subject to security classification restrictions on
 information, and changes affecting this customer’s ability
 to do business with us could have a material adverse effect on
 our financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows.

 The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to
 congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes.
 For many programs, Congress appropriates funds on a fiscal year
 basis even though a program may extend over several fiscal
 years. Consequently, programs are often only partially funded
 initially and additional funds are committed only as Congress
 makes further appropriations. We cannot predict the extent to
 which total funding
 and/or
 funding for individual programs will be included, increased or
 reduced as part of the 2011 and subsequent budgets ultimately
 approved by Congress or be included in the scope of separate
 supplemental appropriations. The entire federal government is
 currently funded under a Continuing Resolution until
 March 4, 2011. The impact, severity and duration of the
 current U.S. economic situation, the sweeping economic
 plans adopted by the U.S. Government, and pressures on the
 federal budget could also adversely affect the total funding

and/or
 funding for individual programs. In the event that
 appropriations for any of our programs becomes unavailable, or
 is reduced or delayed, our contract or subcontract under such
 program may be terminated or adjusted by the
 U.S. Government, which could have a material adverse effect
 on our future sales under such program, and on our financial
 position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 We also cannot predict the impact of potential changes in
 priorities due to military transformation and planning
 and/or the
 nature of war-related activity on existing, follow-on or
 replacement programs. A shift of government priorities to
 programs in which we do not participate

and/or
 reductions in funding for or the termination of programs in
 which we do participate, unless offset by other programs and
 opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 In addition, the U.S. Government generally has the ability
 to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, without prior
 notice, for convenience or for default based on performance. In
 the event of termination for the U.S. Government’s
 convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions
 covering

 -10-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on
 those costs but not the anticipated profit that would have been
 earned had the contract been completed. In the rare circumstance
 where a U.S. government contract does not have such
 termination protection, we attempt to mitigate the termination
 risk through other means. To the extent such means are
 unavailable or do not fully address the costs incurred or profit
 on those costs, we could face significant losses from the
 termination for convenience of a contract that lacks termination
 protection. Termination by the U.S. Government of a
 contract for convenience could also result in the cancellation
 of future work on that program. Termination by the
 U.S. Government of a contract due to our default could
 require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the
 original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from
 the original contract. Termination of a contract due to our
 default may expose us to liability and could have a material
 adverse effect on our ability to compete for contracts.

 n   

 As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to a
 number of procurement regulations and could be adversely
 affected by changes in regulations or any negative findings from
 a U.S. Government audit or investigation.

 U.S. Government contractors must comply with many
 significant procurement regulations and other requirements.
 These regulations and requirements, although customary in
 government contracts, increase our performance and compliance
 costs. If any such regulations or procurement requirements
 change, our costs of complying with them could increase and
 reduce our margins.

 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely
 audited and reviewed by the U.S. Government and its
 agencies such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and
 Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). These agencies review
 our performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our
 compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as
 well as the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal
 control systems and policies. Systems that are subject to review
 include, but are not limited to, our accounting systems,
 purchasing systems, billing systems, property management and
 control systems, cost estimating systems, compensation systems
 and management information systems. Any costs found to be
 unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will
 not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. If
 an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be
 subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative
 sanctions, which may include termination of contracts,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspension, or prohibition from doing business with the
 U.S. Government. Whether or not illegal activities are
 alleged, the U.S. Government also has the ability to
 decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems
 subject to its review to be inadequate. In addition, we could
 suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety
 were made against us.

 The U.S. Government, from time to time, recommends to its
 contractors that certain contract prices be reduced, or that
 costs allocated to certain contracts be disallowed. These
 recommendations can involve substantial amounts. In the past, as
 a result of such audits and other investigations and inquiries,
 we have on occasion made adjustments to our contract prices and
 the costs allocated to our government contracts.

 We are also, from time to time, subject to U.S. Government
 investigations relating to our operations, and we are subject to
 or expected to perform in compliance with a vast array of
 federal laws, including but not limited to the Truth in
 Negotiations Act, the False Claims Act, the Procurement
 Integrity Act, Cost Accounting Standards, the International
 Traffic in Arms Regulations promulgated under the Arms Export
 Control Act, the Close the Contractor Fraud Loophole Act and the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If we are convicted or otherwise
 found to have violated the law, or are found not to have acted
 responsibly as defined by the law, we may be subject to
 reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or
 termination and the assessment of penalties and fines,
 compensatory or treble damages, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows. Such findings or convictions could also result in
 suspension or debarment from government contracting. Given our
 dependence on

 -11-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 government contracting, suspension or debarment could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operations, or cash flows.

 n   

 The Department of Defense has announced plans for
 significant changes to its business practices that could have a
 material effect on its overall procurement process and adversely
 impact our current programs and potential new awards.

 In September 2010, the DoD announced various initiatives
 designed to gain efficiencies, refocus priorities and enhance
 business practices used by the DoD, including those used to
 procure goods and services from defense contractors. These
 initiatives are organized into five major areas: affordability
 and cost growth; productivity and innovation; competition;
 services acquisition; and processes and bureaucracy. These new
 initiatives are expected to have a significant impact on the
 contracting environment in which we do business with our DoD
 customers and they could have a significant impact on current
 programs as well as new DoD business opportunities. In his
 January 6, 2011, announcement regarding future plans, the
 Secretary of Defense employed some of these initiatives to
 reduce costs and free up resources for reinvestment. For
 example, he discussed using multi-year procurement of Navy
 aircraft, information technology infrastructure streamlining,
 reductions in outsourcing, consolidation of operating centers
 and staffs, improving depot and supply chain processes,
 downsizing intelligence organizations, and eliminating some
 elements of the DoD’s bureaucracy. Changes to the DoD
 acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether
 and, if so, how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms
 under which we are able to do so. These initiatives are still
 fairly new and the full impact to our business remains uncertain
 and subject to the manner in which the DoD implements them.

 n   

 Competition within our markets and an increase in bid
 protests may reduce our revenues and market share.

 We operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may
 have more extensive or more specialized engineering,
 manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some
 areas. We anticipate higher competition in some of our core
 markets as a result of the reduction in budgets for many
 U.S. Government agencies and fewer new program starts. In
 addition, as discussed in more detail above, projected
 U.S. defense spending levels for periods beyond the
 near-term are uncertain and difficult to predict. Changes in
 U.S. defense spending may limit certain future market
 opportunities. We are also facing increasing competition in our
 domestic and international markets from foreign and
 multinational firms. Additionally, some customers, including the
 DoD, may turn to commercial contractors, rather than traditional
 defense contractors, for information technology and other
 support work. If we are unable to continue to compete
 successfully against our current or future competitors, we may
 experience declines in revenues and market share which could
 negatively impact our financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows.

 The competitive environment is also affected by bid protests
 from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. Bid protests
 could result in the award decision being overturned, requiring a
 re-bid of the contract. Even where a bid protest does not result
 in a re-bid, the resolution typically extends the time until the
 contract activity can begin, which may reduce our earnings in
 the period in which the contract would otherwise have commenced.

 n   

 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to
 develop new products and new technologies and maintain
 technologies, facilities, equipment and a qualified workforce to
 meet the needs of current and future customers.

 The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly
 changing technologies. The product, program and service needs of
 our customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our
 success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our
 ability to develop and market our products and services, as well
 as our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities,
 equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those
 products and services with maximum efficiency. If we fail to
 maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant
 amount of future business to our competitors, which would have a
 material adverse effect on our ability to generate favorable
 financial results and maintain market share.

 Operating results are heavily dependent upon our ability to
 attract and retain sufficient personnel with requisite skills
 and/or
 security clearances. If qualified personnel become scarce, we
 could experience higher

 -12-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and
 retain such employees or could experience difficulty in
 performing under our contracts if the needs for such employees
 are unmet.

 Approximately 20 percent of our 117,100 employees are
 covered by an aggregate of 32 collective bargaining agreements.
 We expect to re-negotiate renewals of four of our collective
 bargaining agreements in 2011. Collective bargaining agreements
 generally expire after three to five years and are subject to
 renegotiation at that time. We may experience difficulties with
 renewals and renegotiations of existing collective bargaining
 agreements. If we experience such difficulties, we could incur
 additional expenses and work stoppages. Any such expenses or
 delays could adversely affect programs served by employees who
 are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

 n   

 Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that
 require innovative design capabilities, are technologically
 complex, require
 state-of-the-art
 manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly
 within our control. Failure to meet these obligations could
 adversely affect our profitability and future prospects.

 We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and
 innovative products and services applied by our customers in a
 variety of environments. Problems and delays in development or
 delivery as a result of issues with respect to design,
 technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning curve
 assumptions or materials and components could prevent us from
 achieving contractual requirements.

 In addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all
 situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems.
 Examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect
 revenue and profitability include loss on launch of spacecraft,
 premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair
 or replacement, problems with quality and workmanship, country
 of origin, delivery of subcontractor components or services and
 unplanned degradation of product performance. These failures
 could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or
 property. Among the factors that may affect revenue and profits
 could be unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance
 or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management
 focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on
 work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the
 government customer of contract cost and fee payments we
 previously received.

 Certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems,
 contain provisions that entitle the customer to recover fees in
 the event of partial or complete failure of the system upon
 launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period
 of time. Under such terms, we could be required to forfeit fees
 previously recognized
 and/or
 collected. We have not experienced any material losses in the
 last decade in connection with such contract performance
 incentive provisions. However, if we were to experience launch
 failures or complete satellite system failures in the future,
 such events could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 n   

 Contract cost growth on fixed-price and other contracts
 that cannot be justified as an increase in contract value due
 from customers exposes us to reduced profitability and the
 potential loss of future business.

 Our operating income is adversely affected when we incur certain
 contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that
 cannot be billed to customers. This cost growth can occur if
 estimates to complete increase due to technical challenges,
 manufacturing difficulties or delays, or workforce-related
 issues, or if initial estimates used for calculating the
 contract cost were incorrect. The cost estimation process
 requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost
 growth may include unavailability or reduced productivity of
 labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed,
 the timelines and availability of materials, major subcontractor
 performance and quality of their products, the effect of any
 delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from
 the customer, natural disasters and the inability to recover any
 claims included in the estimates to complete. A significant
 change in cost estimates on one or

 -13-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 more programs could have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 Most of our contracts are firm fixed-price contracts or flexibly
 priced contracts. Our risk varies with the type of contract.
 Flexibly priced contracts include both cost-type and fixed-price
 incentive contracts. Due to their nature, firm fixed-price
 contracts inherently have more risk than flexibly priced
 contracts. Approximately 33 percent of our annual revenues
 are derived from firm fixed-price contracts – see
 Contracts in Part II, Item 7. We typically enter into
 firm fixed-price contracts where costs can be reasonably
 estimated based on experience. In addition, our contracts
 contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights.
 Should the terms specified in our contracts not be met, then
 profitability may be reduced. Fixed-price development work
 comprises a small portion of our firm fixed-price contracts and
 inherently has more uncertainty as to future events than
 production contracts and therefore more variability in estimates
 of the costs to complete the development stage. As work
 progresses through the development stage into production, the
 risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract
 are generally reduced. In addition, successful performance of
 firm fixed-price development contracts that include production
 units is subject to our ability to control cost growth in
 meeting production specifications and delivery rates. While
 management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated
 with fixed-price development contracts, future events could
 result in either upward or downward adjustments to those
 estimates.

 Under a fixed-price incentive contract, the allowable costs
 incurred by the contractor are subject to reimbursement, but are
 subject to a cost-share limit which affects profitability.
 Contracts in Shipbuilding are often fixed-price incentive
 contracts for production of a first item without a separate
 development contract. Accordingly, we face the additional
 difficulty of estimating production costs on a product that has
 not yet been designed. Further, Shipbuilding sometimes enters
 into follow-on fixed-price contracts after a significant delay
 from the first production request, and the passage of time makes
 it more difficult for us to accurately estimate costs for
 renewed production.

 Under a cost-type contract the allowable costs incurred by the
 contractor are also subject to reimbursement plus a fee that
 represents profit. We enter into cost-type contracts for
 development programs with complex design and technical
 challenges. These cost-type programs typically have award or
 incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned
 over extended periods. In these cases the associated financial
 risks are primarily in lower profit rates or program
 cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues
 arise.

 n   

 Our earnings and margins depend, in part, on our ability
 to perform under contracts.

 When agreeing to contractual terms, our management makes
 assumptions and projections about future conditions and events,
 many of which extend over long periods. These projections assess
 the productivity and availability of labor, the complexity of
 the work to be performed, the cost and availability of
 materials, the impact of delayed performance, and the timing of
 product deliveries. If there is a significant change in one or
 more of these circumstances or estimates, or if we face
 unanticipated contract costs, the profitability of one or more
 of these contracts may be adversely affected.

 n   

 Our earnings and margins depend, in part, on subcontractor
 performance as well as raw material and component availability
 and pricing.

 We rely on other companies to provide raw materials and major
 components for our products and rely on subcontractors to
 produce hardware elements and
 sub-assemblies
 and perform some of the services that we provide to our
 customers. Disruptions or performance problems caused by our
 subcontractors and vendors could have an adverse effect on our
 ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to
 perform our obligations as a prime contractor could be adversely
 affected if one or more of the vendors or subcontractors are
 unable to provide the

agreed-upon
 products or materials or perform the

agreed-upon
 services in a timely and cost-effective manner.

 -14-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 Our costs may increase over the term of our contracts. Through
 cost escalation provisions contained in some of our
 U.S. Government contracts, we may be protected from
 increases in material costs to the extent that the increases in
 our costs are in line with industry indices. However, the
 difference in basis between our actual material costs and these
 indices may expose us to cost uncertainty even with these
 provisions. A significant delay in supply deliveries of our key
 raw materials required in our production processes could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operations, or cash flows.

 In connection with our government contracts, we are required to
 procure certain materials, components and parts from supply
 sources approved by the U.S. Government. There are
 currently several components for which there may be only one
 supplier. The inability of a sole source supplier to meet our
 needs could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 n   

 Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural
 disasters, environmental disasters and other factors that could
 adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial
 position.

 We have significant operations located in regions of the
 U.S. that may be exposed to damaging storms and other
 natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes, and
 environmental disasters, such as oil spills. Although
 preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage
 and disruption resulting from natural and environmental
 disasters may be significant. Should insurance or other risk
 transfer mechanisms be unavailable or insufficient to recover
 all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 Our suppliers and subcontractors are also subject to natural
 disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform
 under a contract. Performance failures by our subcontractors due
 to natural and environmental disasters may adversely affect our
 ability to perform our obligations on the prime contract, which
 could reduce our profitability due to damages or other costs
 that may not be fully recoverable from the subcontractor or from
 the customer and could result in a termination of the prime
 contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete
 for future contracts.

 Natural disasters can also disrupt our workforce, electrical and
 other power distribution networks, including computer and
 internet operation and accessibility, and the critical
 industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations.
 These disruptions could cause adverse effects on our
 profitability and performance. Environmental disasters,
 particularly oil spills in waterways and bodies of water used
 for the transport and testing of our ships, can disrupt the
 timing of our performance under our contracts with the
 U.S. Navy and the U.S. Coast Guard.

 n   

 We use estimates when accounting for contracts. Changes in
 estimates could affect our profitability and our overall
 financial position.

 Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing
 risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making
 assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size
 and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total
 revenues and costs at completion is complicated and subject to
 many variables. For example, assumptions have to be made
 regarding the length of time to complete the contract because
 costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for
 materials. Similarly, assumptions have to be made regarding the
 future impact of our self-imposed efficiency initiatives and
 cost reduction efforts. Incentives, awards or penalties related
 to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue
 and profit rates, and are recorded when there is sufficient
 information to assess anticipated performance.

 Because of the significance of the judgment and estimation
 processes described above, it is possible that materially
 different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions
 were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change.
 Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates
 may have a material adverse effect upon future period financial
 reporting and performance. See Critical Accounting Policies,
 Estimates, and Judgments in Part II, Item 7.

 -15-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 n   

 Our international business exposes us to additional
 risks.

 Although our international business constitutes only
 5 percent of total revenues, we are subject to numerous
 U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without
 limitation, regulations relating to import-export control,
 technology transfer restrictions, repatriation of earnings,
 exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the
 anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Administration
 Act. Failure by us or our sales representatives or consultants
 to comply with these laws and regulations could result in
 administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities and could, in the
 extreme case, result in suspension or debarment from government
 contracts or suspension of our export privileges, which could
 have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in regulation or
 political environment may affect our ability to conduct business
 in foreign markets, including investment, procurement and
 repatriation of earnings.

 The services and products we provide internationally, including
 through the use of subcontractors, are sometimes in countries
 with unstable governments, in areas of military conflict or at
 military installations. This increases the risk of an incident
 resulting in damage or destruction to our products or resulting
 in injury or loss of life to our employees, subcontractors or
 other third parties. We maintain insurance to mitigate risk and
 potential liabilities related to our international operations,
 but our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover these
 claims and liabilities and we may be forced to bear substantial
 costs arising from those claims. (See additional discussion of
 possible inadequacy of our insurance coverage below). In
 addition, any accidents or incidents that occur in connection
 with our international operations could result in negative
 publicity for the company, which may adversely affect our
 reputation and make it more difficult for us to compete for
 future contracts or result in the loss of existing and future
 contracts. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict,
 but any one or more of them could adversely affect our financial
 position, results of operations, or cash flows.

 n   

 Our reputation and our ability to do business may be
 impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents or
 business partners.

 We have implemented extensive compliance controls, policies and
 procedures to prevent and detect reckless or criminal acts
 committed by employees, agents or business partners that would
 violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate,
 including laws governing payments to government officials,
 security clearance breaches, cost accounting and billing,
 competition and data privacy. However, we cannot ensure that we
 will prevent all such reckless or criminal acts committed by our
 employees, agents or business partners. Any improper actions
 could subject us to civil or criminal investigations and
 monetary and non-monetary penalties and could have a material
 adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, our results
 of operations and our reputation.

 n   

 Our business could be negatively impacted by security
 threats and other disruptions.

 As a defense contractor, we face certain security threats,
 including threats to our information technology infrastructure
 and unlawful attempts to gain access to our proprietary or
 classified information. Our information technology networks and
 related systems are critical to the smooth operation of our
 business and essential to our ability to perform
 day-to-day
 operations. Loss of security within this critical operational
 infrastructure could disrupt our operations, require significant
 management attention and resources and could have a material
 adverse effect on our performance.

 We also manage information technology systems for various
 customers. While we maintain information security policies and
 procedures for managing these systems, we generally face the
 same security threats for these systems as for our own systems.
 Computer viruses, attempts to gain access to our customers’
 data or other electronic security breaches could lead to
 disruptions in mission critical systems for our customers,
 unauthorized release of confidential or personally identifiable
 information and corruption of customer data.

 -16-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 These events could damage our reputation and lead to financial
 losses from remedial actions we must take, potential liability
 to customers and litigation expenses.

 n   

 Our nuclear operations subject us to various
 environmental, regulatory, financial and other risks.

 The development and operation of nuclear-powered aircraft
 carriers, nuclear-powered submarines, nuclear facilities and
 other nuclear operations subject us to various risks, including:

 n   

 potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the
 environment and human health resulting from nuclear operations
 and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;

 n   

 unplanned expenditures relating to maintenance, operation,
 security and repair, including repairs required by the Nuclear
 Regulatory Commission;

 n   

 reputational harm; and

 n   

 potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident whether
 or not it is within our control.

 The U.S. Government provides indemnity protection against
 specified risks under our contracts pursuant to Public Law
 85-804 and
 the Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act for certain
 of our nuclear operations risks. Our nuclear operations are
 subject to various safety-related requirements imposed by the
 U.S. Navy, DoE, and Nuclear Regulatory Commission. In the
 event of noncompliance, these agencies may increase regulatory
 oversight, impose fines or shut down our operations, depending
 upon the assessment of the severity of the situation. Revised
 security and safety requirements promulgated by these agencies
 could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures.
 Additionally, while we maintain insurance for certain risks
 related to transportation of low level nuclear materials and
 waste, such as contaminated clothing, and for regulatory changes
 in the health, safety and fire protection areas, there can be no
 assurances that such insurance will be sufficient to cover our
 costs in the event of an accident or business interruption
 relating to our nuclear operations, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows.

 n   

 Unforeseen environmental costs could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows.

 Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of
 federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws
 and regulations. In addition, we could be affected by future
 laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to
 climate change concerns and other actions commonly referred to
 as “green initiatives.” Compliance with current and
 future environmental laws and regulations currently requires and
 is expected to continue to require significant operating and
 capital costs.

 Environmental laws and regulations can impose substantial fines
 and criminal sanctions for violations, and may require the
 installation of costly pollution control equipment or
 operational changes to limit pollution emissions or discharges
 and/or
 decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance
 releases. We also incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs
 to comply with current federal and state environmental laws and
 regulations related to the cleanup of pollutants previously
 released into the environment. In addition, if we were found to
 be in violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the Clean Water
 Act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could
 be placed by the EPA on the “Excluded Parties List”
 maintained by the General Services Administration. The listing
 would continue until the EPA concludes that the cause of the
 violation had been cured. Listed facilities cannot be used in
 performing any U.S. Government contract while they are
 listed by the EPA.

 The adoption of new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement
 of existing laws and regulations, imposition of new cleanup
 requirements, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive
 contamination, litigation involving environmental impacts, our
 ability to recover such costs under previously priced contracts
 or

 -17-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 financial insolvency of other responsible parties could cause us
 to incur costs in the future that would have a material adverse
 effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows.

 n   

 We are subject to various claims and litigation that could
 ultimately be resolved against us. Resolution of these matters
 may require material future cash payments and/or future material
 charges against our operating income.

 The size, type and complexity of our business make us highly
 susceptible to claims and litigation. We are and may become
 subject to various environmental claims, income tax matters and
 other litigation, which, if not resolved within established
 reserves, could have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
 flows. See Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3,
 Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments in
 Part II, Item 7 and Note 15 to the consolidated
 financial statements in Part II, Item 8. Any claims
 and litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could
 negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the
 public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively
 or obtain adequate insurance in the future.

 n   

 We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual
 property rights, which could affect our ability to
 compete.

 We own many U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks,
 copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property. The
 U.S. Government has rights to use certain intellectual
 property that we develop in performance of government contracts,
 and it may use or authorize others to use such intellectual
 property. Our intellectual property is subject to challenge,
 invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties.

 We also rely significantly upon proprietary technology,
 information, processes and know-how that are not protected by
 patents. We seek to protect this information through trade
 secret or confidentiality agreements with our employees,
 consultants, subcontractors and other parties, as well as
 through other security measures. These agreements and security
 measures may not provide meaningful protection for our
 unpatented proprietary information. In the event of an
 infringement of our intellectual property rights, a breach of a
 confidentiality agreement or divulgence of proprietary
 information, we may not have adequate legal remedies to maintain
 our intellectual property. Litigation to determine the scope of
 intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful,
 could be costly and could divert management’s attention
 away from other aspects of our business. In addition, our trade
 secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed
 by competitors.

 In some instances, we have licensed the proprietary intellectual
 property of others, but we may be unable in the future to secure
 the necessary licenses to use such intellectual property on
 commercially reasonable terms.

 n   

 Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of
 our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of
 material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our
 profitability and overall financial position.

 We endeavor to identify and obtain in established markets
 insurance agreements to cover significant risks and liabilities
 (including, for example, natural disasters and product
 liability). Not every risk or liability can be protected by
 insurance, and, for insurable risks, the limits of coverage
 reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to
 cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred, including for
 example, a catastrophic earthquake claim. In some, but not all,
 circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the
 U.S. Government. Because of the limitations in overall
 available coverage referred to above, we may have to bear
 substantial costs for uninsured losses that could have an
 adverse effect upon our financial position, results of
 operations, or cash flows. Additionally, disputes with insurance
 carriers over coverage may affect the timing of cash flows and,
 if litigation with the carrier becomes necessary, an outcome
 unfavorable to us may have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We
 commenced legal action against an insurance carrier arising out
 of a disagreement concerning the coverage of certain losses
 related to Hurricane Katrina, and another carrier has denied
 coverage for certain other losses related to

 -18-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 Hurricane Katrina and advised us that it will seek reimbursement
 of certain amounts previously advanced by that carrier. See
 Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in
 Part II, Item 8.

 n   

 Changes in future business conditions could cause business
 investments and/or recorded goodwill to become impaired,
 resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would
 reduce our operating income.

 As part of our overall strategy, we may, from time to time,
 acquire a minority or majority interest in a business. These
 investments are made upon careful analysis and due diligence
 procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic
 objective. These procedures often involve certain assumptions
 and judgment in determining acquisition price. Even after
 careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary
 significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounts for
 approximately half of our recorded total assets. We evaluate
 goodwill amounts for impairment annually, or when evidence of
 potential impairment exists. The annual impairment test is based
 on several factors requiring judgment. Principally, a
 significant decrease in expected cash flows or changes in market
 conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded
 goodwill. Adverse equity market conditions that result in a
 decline in market multiples and our stock price could result in
 an impairment of goodwill
 and/or other
 intangible assets. We continue to monitor the recoverability of
 the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived assets.
 See Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments in
 Part II, Item 7.

 n   

 Anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint
 ventures or strategic alliances may not be realized.

 As part of our overall strategy, we may, from time to time,
 merge with or acquire businesses, or form joint ventures or
 create strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated
 benefits from these transactions depends, in part, upon the
 integration between the businesses involved, the performance of
 the underlying products, capabilities or technologies and the
 management of the transacted operations. Accordingly, our
 financial results could be adversely affected from unanticipated
 performance issues, transaction-related charges, amortization of
 expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of
 long-term assets and partner performance. Although we believe
 that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and
 processes to mitigate these risks, there is no assurance that
 these transactions will be successful.

 n   

 We are exploring strategic alternatives for our
 Shipbuilding segment. We cannot assure you that a transaction
 will result, or that, if completed, we would realize the
 anticipated benefits thereof.

 In July 2010, we announced that we are evaluating strategic
 alternatives for the Shipbuilding segment, including, but not
 limited to, a spin-off to our shareholders. In preparation for
 an anticipated spin-off of the Shipbuilding business to our
 shareholders, a registration statement on Form 10 for the
 shares of our wholly owned subsidiary, Huntington Ingalls
 Industries, Inc., the entity that would hold the shipbuilding
 business, was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission in October 2010, with amendments filed in November
 2010, December 2010, and January 2011. We cannot assure you that
 the exploration of these strategic alternatives will result in
 any transaction. Our ability to complete a transaction involving
 the Shipbuilding segment in a timely manner, or even at all,
 could be subject to several factors, including: changes in the
 company’s operating performance; our ability to obtain any
 necessary consents or approvals; changes in governmental
 regulations and policies; and changes in business, political and
 economic conditions in the United States. As a condition of an
 anticipated spin-off, we have obtained a private letter ruling
 from the Internal Revenue Service and expect to receive an
 opinion of counsel that the spin-off will be tax-free to the
 company and our shareholders but can give no assurance that any
 anticipated spin-off will ultimately qualify as a tax-free
 transaction. If a transaction involving the Shipbuilding segment
 is delayed for any reason, we may not realize the anticipated
 benefits, and if a transaction does not occur, we will not
 realize such benefits. Each of these risks could adversely
 affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows.

 -19-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 n   

 Market volatility and adverse capital and credit market
 conditions may affect our ability to access cost-effective
 sources of funding and expose us to risks associated with the
 financial viability of suppliers and the ability of
 counterparties to perform on financial instruments.

 The financial and credit markets recently experienced high
 levels of volatility and disruption, reducing the availability
 of credit for certain issuers. Historically, we have
 occasionally accessed these markets to support certain business
 activities, including acquisitions, capital expansion projects,
 refinancing existing debt and issuing letters of credit. In the
 future, we may not be able to obtain capital market financing or
 bank financing when needed on favorable terms, or at all, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations, or cash flows.

 A tightening of credit could also adversely affect our
 suppliers’ ability to obtain financing. Delays in
 suppliers’ ability to obtain financing, or the
 unavailability of financing, could cause us to be unable to meet
 our contract obligations and could adversely affect our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The
 inability of our suppliers to obtain financing could also result
 in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which
 could result in significant incremental cost and delay.

 We have executed transactions with counterparties in the
 financial services industry, including brokers and dealers,
 commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional
 parties. These transactions expose us to potential credit risk
 in the event of counterparty default.

 n   

 Pension and medical expenses associated with our
 retirement benefit plans may fluctuate significantly depending
 upon changes in actuarial assumptions, future market performance
 of plan assets, future trends in health care costs and
 legislative or other regulatory actions.

 A substantial portion of our current and retired employee
 population is covered by pension and post-retirement benefit
 plans, the costs of which are dependent upon our various
 assumptions, including estimates of rates of return on benefit
 related assets, discount rates for future payment obligations,
 rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. In
 addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our
 pension and post-retirement benefit plans are subject to
 legislative and other government regulatory actions.

 Variances from these estimates could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows. For example, the recent volatility in the financial
 markets resulted in lower than expected returns on our pension
 plan assets in 2008, which resulted in higher pension costs in
 subsequent years. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial
 statements in Part II, Item 8.

 Additionally, due to government regulations, pension plan cost
 recoveries under our government contracts may occur in different
 periods from when those pension costs are accrued for financial
 statement purposes or when pension funding is made. Timing
 differences between pension costs accrued for financial
 statement purposes or when pension funding occurs compared to
 when such costs are recoverable as allowable costs under our
 government contracts could have a material adverse effect on our
 cash flow from operations. In May 2010, the U.S. Cost
 Accounting Standards Board published a proposed rulemaking that,
 if adopted, could provide a framework to partially harmonize
 these funding timing differences. See Overview –
 Industry Factors, Recent Developments in U.S. Cost
 Accounting Standards (CAS) Pension Recovery Rules in
 Part II, Item 7 for further discussion.

 n   

 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to
 additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability
 and cash flow.

 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign
 jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
 our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course
 of business, there are many transactions and calculations where
 the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, timing
 differences in the recognition of income from contracts for
 financial statement purposes and for income tax regulations can
 cause uncertainty with respect to the timing of income tax
 payments which can have a

 -20-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 significant impact on cash flow in a particular period.
 Furthermore, changes in applicable domestic or foreign income
 tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result
 in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the
 taxability of certain sales or the deductibility of certain
 expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and
 profitability. The final determination of any tax audits or
 related litigation could be materially different from our
 historical income tax provisions and accruals. Additionally,
 changes in our tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of
 earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
 changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax
 legislation, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities, changes in differences between financial reporting
 income and taxable income, the results of audits and the
 examination of previously filed tax returns by taxing
 authorities and continuing assessments of our tax exposures
 could impact our tax liabilities and affect our income tax
 expense, profitability and cash flow.