The company’s consolidated financial position, results of
 operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of
 which are not exclusively within the company’s control,
 that may cause actual performance to differ materially from
 historical or projected future performance. The company urges
 investors to carefully consider the risk factors described below
 in evaluating the information contained in this report.

 n   

 The Company Depends Heavily on a Single Customer, the
 U.S. Government, for a Substantial Portion of the
 Company’s Business, Including Programs Subject to Security
 Classification Restrictions on Information. Changes Affecting
 this Customer’s Capacity to Do Business with the Company or
 the Effects of Competition in the Defense Industry Could Have a
 Material Adverse Effect On the Company or Its Prospects.

 Approximately 91 percent of the company’s revenues
 during 2008 were derived from products and services ultimately
 sold to the U.S. Government and are therefore affected by,
 among other things, the federal budget process. The company is a
 supplier, either directly or as a subcontractor or team member,
 to the U.S. Government and its agencies as well as foreign
 governments and agencies. These contracts are subject to the
 respective customers’ political and budgetary constraints
 and processes, changes in customers’ short-range and
 long-range strategic plans, the timing of contract awards, and
 in the case of contracts with the U.S. Government, the
 congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes,
 the U.S. Government’s ability to terminate contracts
 for convenience or for default, as well as other risks such as
 contractor suspension or debarment in the event of certain
 violations of legal and regulatory requirements. The termination
 or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the
 U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on the
 company’s results of operations or prospects. Current or
 future economic conditions could result in the reprioritization
 of or reduction in future U.S. Government defense spending
 levels.

 In the event of termination for the government’s
 convenience, contractors are normally protected by provisions
 covering reimbursement for costs incurred. The company is
 involved as a plaintiff in a lawsuit concerning a contract
 terminated for convenience. See Other Matters in Part I,
 Item 3. Termination resulting from the company’s
 default could expose the company to liability and have a
 material adverse effect on its ability to compete for contracts.

 In addition, a material amount of the company’s revenues
 and profits is derived from programs that are subject to
 security classification restrictions (restricted business),
 which could limit the company’s ability to discuss details
 about these programs, their risks or any disputes or claims
 relating to such programs. As a result, investors might have
 less insight into the company’s restricted business than
 other businesses of the company or could experience less ability
 to evaluate fully the risks, disputes or claims associated with
 restricted business.

 The company’s success in the competitive defense industry
 depends upon its ability to develop and market its products and
 services, as well as its ability to provide the people,
 technologies, facilities, equipment, and financial capacity
 needed to deliver those products and services with maximum
 efficiency. A loss of business to the company’s competitors
 could have a material adverse affect on the company’s
 ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain
 market share.

 n   

 Many of the Company’s Contracts Contain Performance
 Obligations That Require Innovative Design Capabilities, Are
 Technologically Complex, Require
 State-Of-The-Art
 Manufacturing Expertise or Are Dependent Upon Factors Not Wholly
 Within the Company’s Control. Failure to Meet These
 Obligations Could Adversely Affect the Company’s
 Profitability and Future Prospects.

 The company designs, develops and manufactures technologically
 advanced and innovative products and services applied by its
 customers in a variety of environments. Problems and delays in
 development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to
 design, technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning
 curve assumptions, or materials and components could prevent the
 company from achieving contractual requirements.

 -13-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 In addition, the company’s products cannot be tested and
 proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen
 problems. Examples of unforeseen problems which could negatively
 affect revenue and profitability include loss on launch of
 spacecraft, premature failure, problems with quality, country of
 origin, delivery of subcontractor components or services, and
 unplanned degradation of product performance. These failures
 could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or
 property. Among the factors that may affect revenue and profits
 could be unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance
 or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management
 focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on
 work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the
 government customer of contract cost and fee payments previously
 received by the company.

 Certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems,
 contain provisions that entitle the customer to recover fees in
 the event of partial or complete failure of the system upon
 launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period
 of time. Under such terms, the company could be required to
 forfeit fees previously recognized
 and/or
 collected. The company has not experienced any material losses
 in the last decade in connection with such contract performance
 incentive provisions. However, if the company were to experience
 launch failures or complete satellite system failures in the
 future, such events could have a material adverse impact on the
 company’s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations.

 n   

 Contract Cost Growth on Fixed-Price and Other Contracts
 That Cannot Be Justified as an Increase In Contract Value Due
 From Customers Exposes The Company to Reduced Profitability and
 the Potential Loss of Future Business.

 Operating income is adversely affected when contract costs that
 cannot be billed to customers are incurred. This cost growth can
 occur if estimates to complete increase due to technical
 challenges or if initial estimates used for calculating the
 contract cost were incorrect. The cost estimation process
 requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost
 growth may include unavailability and productivity of labor, the
 nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of
 change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any
 delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from
 the customer, natural disasters, and the inability to recover
 any claims included in the estimates to complete. A significant
 change in cost estimates on one or more programs could have a
 material effect on the company’s consolidated financial
 position or results of operations.

 Due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently have more
 risk than flexibly priced contracts and therefore generally
 carry higher profit margins. Approximately 30 percent of
 the company’s annual revenues are derived from fixed-price
 contracts – see Contracts in Part II,
 Item 7. Flexibly priced contracts may carry risk to the
 extent of their specific contract terms and conditions relating
 to performance award fees, including cost sharing agreements,
 and negative performance incentives. The company typically
 enters into fixed-price contracts where costs can be reasonably
 estimated based on experience. In addition, certain contracts
 other than fixed-price contracts have provisions relating to
 cost controls and audit rights. Should the terms specified in
 those contracts not be met, then profitability may be reduced.
 Fixed-price development work comprises a small portion of the
 company’s fixed-price contracts and inherently has more
 uncertainty as to future events than production contracts and
 therefore more variability in estimates of the costs to complete
 the development stage. As work progresses through the
 development stage into production, the risks associated with
 estimating the total costs of the contract are generally
 reduced. In addition, successful performance of fixed-price
 development contracts which include production units is subject
 to the company’s ability to control cost growth in meeting
 production specifications and delivery rates. While management
 uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with
 fixed-price development contracts, future events could result in
 either upward or downward adjustments to those estimates.
 Examples of the company’s significant fixed-price
 development contracts include the F-16 Block 60 combat
 avionics program and the MESA radar system program for the
 Wedgetail and Peace Eagle contracts, both of which are performed
 by the Electronics segment. It is also not unprecedented in the
 shipbuilding business for the company to

 -14-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 negotiate fixed-price production follow-on contracts before the
 development effort has been completed and learning curves fully
 realized on existing flexibly priced development contracts.

 n   

 The Company Uses Estimates When Accounting for Contracts.
 Changes In Estimates Could Affect The Company’s
 Profitability and Its Overall Financial Position.

 Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing
 risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making
 assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size
 and nature of many of the company’s contracts, the
 estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is
 complicated and subject to many variables. For example,
 assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to
 complete the contract because costs also include expected
 increases in wages and prices for materials. Similarly,
 assumptions have to be made regarding the future impact of
 company initiated efficiency initiatives and cost reduction
 efforts. Incentives, awards, or penalties related to performance
 on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit
 rates, and are recorded when there is sufficient information to
 assess anticipated performance.

 Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation
 processes described above, it is possible that materially
 different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions
 were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change.
 Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates
 may have a material adverse effect upon future period financial
 reporting and performance. See Critical Accounting Policies,
 Estimates, and Judgments in Part II, Item 7.

 n   

 The Company’s Operations Are Subject to Numerous
 Domestic and International Laws, Regulations and Restrictions,
 and Noncompliance With These Laws, Regulations and Restrictions
 Could Expose the Company to Fines, Penalties, Suspension or
 Debarment, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the
 Company’s Profitability and Its Overall Financial
 Position.

 The company has thousands of contracts and operations in many
 parts of the world subject to U.S. and foreign laws and
 regulations. Prime contracts with various agencies of the
 U.S. Government and subcontracts with other prime
 contractors are subject to numerous procurement regulations,
 including the False Claims Act and the International Traffic in
 Arms Regulations promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act,
 with noncompliance found by any one agency possibly resulting in
 fines, penalties, debarment, or suspension from receiving
 additional contracts with all U.S. Government agencies.
 Given the company’s dependence on U.S. Government
 business, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse
 effect on the company.

 In addition, international business subjects the company to
 numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including,
 without limitation, regulations relating to import-export
 control, technology transfer restrictions, repatriation of
 earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act,
 and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export
 Administration Act. Failure by the company or its sales
 representatives or consultants to comply with these laws and
 regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal
 liabilities and could, in the extreme case, result in suspension
 or debarment from government contracts or suspension of the
 company’s export privileges, which could have a material
 adverse effect on the company. Changes in regulation or
 political environment may affect the company’s ability to
 conduct business in foreign markets including investment,
 procurement, and repatriation of earnings.

 The company operates in a highly regulated environment and is
 routinely audited by the U.S. Government and others. On a
 regular basis, the company monitors its policies and procedures
 with respect to its contracts to ensure consistent application
 under similar terms and conditions and to assess compliance with
 all applicable government regulations. Negative audit findings
 could result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of
 profits, or suspension of payments. From time to time the
 company is subject to U.S. Government investigations
 relating to its operations. Government contractors that are
 found to have violated the law such as the False Claims Act or
 the Arms Export Control Act, or are indicted or convicted for
 violations of other federal laws, or are found not to have acted
 responsibly as defined by the law, may be subject to significant
 fines. Such convictions could also result in suspension or
 debarment from government

 -15-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 contracting for some period of time. Given the company’s
 dependence on government contracting, suspension or debarment
 could have a material adverse effect on the company.

 n   

 The Company’s Business Is Subject to Disruption
 Caused By Issues With Its Suppliers, Subcontractors, Workforce,
 Natural Disasters and Other Factors That Could Adversely Affect
 the Company’s Profitability and Its Overall Financial
 Position.

 The company may be affected by delivery or performance issues
 with key suppliers and subcontractors, as well as other factors
 that may cause operating results to be adversely affected.
 Changes in inventory requirements or other production cost
 increases may also have a negative effect on the company’s
 consolidated financial position or results of operations.

 Performance failures by a subcontractor of the company or
 difficulty in maintaining complete alignment of the
 subcontractor’s obligations with the company’s prime
 contract obligations may adversely affect the company’s
 ability to perform its obligations on the prime contract, which
 could reduce the company’s profitability due to damages or
 other costs that may not be fully recoverable from the
 subcontractor or from the customer and could result in a
 termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on
 the company’s ability to compete for future contracts. If
 the recent period of adverse economic conditions and credit
 market volatility continues, the company’s profitability
 may be negatively impacted by the inability of certain of the
 company’s subcontractors and key suppliers to continue
 providing their products
 and/or
 services.

 Operating results are heavily dependent upon the company’s
 ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with
 requisite skill sets
 and/or
 security clearances. The successful negotiation of collective
 bargaining agreements and avoidance of organized work stoppages
 are also critical to the ongoing operations of the company.

 The company has significant operations located in regions of the
 U.S. that may be exposed to damaging storms and other
 natural disasters. While preventative measures typically help to
 minimize harm to the company, the damage and disruption
 resulting from certain storms or other natural disasters may be
 significant. Although no assurances can be made, the company
 believes it can recover costs associated with natural disasters
 through insurance or its contracts.

 Natural disasters such as storms and earthquakes can disrupt
 electrical and other power distribution networks and cause
 adverse effects on profitability and performance, including
 computer and internet operation and accessibility. Computer
 viruses and similar harmful software programs, as well as
 network outages, disruptions and attacks also may have a
 material adverse effect on the company’s profitability and
 performance unless quarantined or otherwise prevented.

 n   

 Changes In Future Business Conditions Could Cause Business
 Investments
 and/or
 Recorded Goodwill to Become Impaired, Resulting In Substantial
 Losses and Write-Downs That Would Reduce the Company’s
 Operating Income.

 As part of its overall strategy, the company will, from time to
 time, acquire a minority or majority interest in a business.
 These investments are made upon careful target analysis and due
 diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or
 strategic objective. These procedures often involve certain
 assumptions and judgment in determining acquisition price. After
 acquisition, unforeseen issues could arise which adversely
 affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not
 recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. Even after
 careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary
 significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounts for
 approximately half of the company’s recorded total assets.
 The company evaluates goodwill amounts for impairment annually,
 or when evidence of potential impairment exists. The annual
 impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment.
 Principally, a significant decrease in expected cash flows or
 changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment
 of recorded goodwill. Adverse equity market conditions and the
 resulting decline in market multiples and the company’s
 stock price led to a

 -16-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 non-cash, after-tax charge of $3.1 billion for impairment
 of goodwill at Shipbuilding and Space Technology. If the current
 economic conditions continue to deteriorate causing further
 decline in the company’s stock price, additional
 impairments to one or more businesses could occur in future
 periods whether or not connected to the annual impairment
 analysis. The company will continue to monitor the
 recoverability of the carrying value of its goodwill and other
 long-lived assets. See Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates,
 and Judgments in Part II, Item 7.

 n   

 The Company Is Subject to Various Claims and Litigation
 That Could Ultimately Be Resolved Against The Company Requiring
 Material Future Cash Payments
 and/or
 Future Material Charges Against the Company’s Operating
 Income and Materially Impairing the Company’s Financial
 Position.

 The size and complexity of the company’s business make it
 highly susceptible to claims and litigation. The company is
 subject to environmental claims, income tax matters and other
 litigation, which, if not resolved within established accruals,
 could have a material adverse effect on the company’s
 consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows. See Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3, and
 Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments in
 Part II, Item 7.

 n   

 Pension and Medical Expense Associated with the
 Company’s Retirement Benefit Plans May Fluctuate
 Significantly Depending Upon Changes in Actuarial Assumptions
 and Future Market Performance of Plan Assets.

 A substantial portion of the company’s current and retired
 employee population is covered by pension and post-retirement
 benefit plans, the costs of which are dependent upon the
 company’s various assumptions, including estimates of rates
 of return on benefit related assets, discount rates for future
 payment obligations, rates of future cost growth and trends for
 future costs. In addition, funding requirements for benefit
 obligations of the company’s pension and post-retirement
 benefit plans are subject to legislative and other government
 regulatory actions. Variances from these estimates could have a
 material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated
 financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
 Recent volatility in the financial markets has resulted in lower
 than expected returns on the company’s pension plan assets,
 resulting in potentially higher pension costs in future periods.

 n   

 The Company’s Insurance Coverage May Be Inadequate to
 Cover All of Its Significant Risks or Its Insurers May Deny
 Coverage of Material Losses Incurred By the Company, Which Could
 Adversely Affect The Company’s Profitability and Overall
 Financial Position.

 The company endeavors to identify and obtain in established
 markets insurance agreements to cover significant risks and
 liabilities (including, among others, natural disasters, product
 liability and business interruption). Not every risk or
 liability can be protected against by insurance, and, for
 insurable risks, the limits of coverage reasonably obtainable in
 the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or
 liabilities incurred. In some, but not all, circumstances the
 company may receive indemnification from the
 U.S. Government. Because of the limitations in overall
 available coverage referred to above, the company may have to
 bear substantial costs for uninsured losses that could have an
 adverse effect upon its consolidated results of operations and
 its overall consolidated financial position. Additionally,
 disputes with insurance carriers over coverage may affect the
 timing of cash flows and, where litigation with the carrier
 becomes necessary, an outcome unfavorable to the company may
 have a material adverse effect on the company’s
 consolidated results of operations. See Note 15 to the
 consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8.

 n   

 Current Trends in U.S. Government Procurement May
 Adversely Affect Cash Flows or Program Profitability.

 The company, like others in the defense industry, is aware of a
 potential problem presented by strict compliance with the
 Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement
 preference for enumerated specialty metals sourced domestically
 or from certain foreign countries. Subcontractors and lower-tier
 suppliers have made disclosures indicating inability to comply
 with the rule as written. Subject to limitations,

 -17-

Table of Contents

 NORTHROP
 GRUMMAN CORPORATION

 inability to certify that all enumerated specialty metals in a
 product comply with sourcing requirements can lead to
 U.S. Government customers preventing delivery of materiel
 and products critical to national defense.

 n   

 Current levels of market volatility are unprecedented and
 adverse capital and credit market conditions may affect the
 company’s ability to access cost-effective sources of
 funding.

 The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme
 volatility and disruption in late 2008 and early 2009.
 Historically, the company has occasionally accessed these
 markets to support certain business activities including
 acquisitions, capital expansion projects, refinancing existing
 debt, and issuing letters of credit. In the future, the company
 may not be able to obtain capital market financing or credit
 availability on similar terms, or at all, which could have a
 material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated
 financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

 n   

 The Company is Subject to Changes in United States and
 Global Market Conditions That Are Beyond the Company’s
 Control and May Have a Material Effect on the Company’s
 Business and Results of Operations.

 The United States and global economies are currently
 experiencing a period of substantial economic uncertainty with
 wide-ranging effects, including the current disruption in global
 financial markets. Possible effects of these economic events are
 described in the preceding risk factors, including those
 relating to U.S. Government defense spending, business
 disruptions caused by suppliers or subcontractors, impairment of
 goodwill and other long-lived assets, pension costs and access
 to capital and credit markets. Although governments worldwide,
 including the U.S. Government, have initiated sweeping
 economic plans, the company is unable to predict the impact,
 severity, and duration of these economic events, which could
 have a material effect on the company’s consolidated
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.