Our consolidated financial
position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We urge you to
carefully consider the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report. 

-8-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

n

 We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. Government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer’s
priorities and changes affecting its ability to do business with us could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Our primary customer is the U.S Government, from which we derived more than 90 percent of our total revenues during each of the past
several years. The federal government is implementing significant changes and reductions to government spending and other programs. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on or replacement programs from potential changes in priorities due
to changes in defense spending levels, military transformation and planning, and/or changes in social-political priorities. A shift in government priorities to programs in which we do not participate and/or reductions in funding for or the
termination of programs in which we do participate, unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, we believe uncertainty and
other concerns resulting from previously announced proposed defense spending reductions and potential additional reductions, including under the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the Budget Control Act), have impacted and are likely to continue to impact
the manner in which our U.S. Government customers manage programs and/or make procurement decisions, resulting in delays and reductions in payments and procurements. Similar challenges and uncertainty faced by some of our international government
customers could also lead to delays and/or reductions. 

In addition, the U.S. Government generally has the ability to
terminate contracts, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for its convenience or for default based on performance. In the event of termination for the U.S. Government’s convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions
covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. In some circumstances, however, a U.S. government contract does not
have such termination protection. In those cases, we attempt to mitigate the termination risk through other means. To the extent such means are unavailable or do not fully address the costs incurred or profit on those costs, we could face
significant losses from the termination for convenience of a contract that lacks termination protection. Termination by the U.S. Government of a contract for convenience could also result in the cancellation of future work on that program.
Termination by the U.S. Government of a contract due to our default could require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other
damages. Termination of a contract due to our default may expose us to material liability and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for other contracts. 

n

 Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and federal government funding more broadly may negatively impact our
business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to an annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. For many programs, Congress appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even
though the program performance period may extend typically several years. Consequently, programs are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we incur costs in excess of
funds committed on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs until additional funds are appropriated. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or
reduced as part of the annual budget process ultimately approved by Congress or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. The impact, severity and duration of the current U.S. economic situation and economic
plans adopted or to be adopted by the U.S. Government, along with pressures on, and uncertainty surrounding, the federal budget, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers.
In the event that government funding for any of our programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, our contract or subcontract under such program may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. Government or the prime contractor, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 

-9-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

In August 2011, Congress enacted the Budget Control Act which, while raising the
existing statutory limit on the amount of permissible federal debt, also committed the U.S. Government to significantly reducing the federal deficit over ten years. The Budget Control Act established caps on discretionary spending through 2021,
reducing federal spending by approximately $940 billion relative to the fiscal year 2012 Presidential Budget submission. It also established a Joint Committee of Congress (the Joint Committee) that was responsible for identifying an additional $1.2
to $1.5 trillion in deficit reductions by November 23, 2011. The Joint Committee was unable to identify the additional deficit reductions by this deadline thereby triggering a second provision of the Budget Control Act called
“sequestration,” which calls for very substantial automatic spending cuts split between defense and non-defense programs scheduled to start in 2013 and continue over a nine-year period. While we believe efforts may be underway to prevent
the automatic spending cuts scheduled to begin in 2013, the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, and we are unable to predict the impact that either identified or automatic cuts would have on funding for our individual programs. Long-term funding
for certain programs in which we participate is likely to be reduced, delayed or cancelled. In addition, these cuts could adversely affect the viability of the suppliers and subcontractors under our programs. While we believe that our business is
well-positioned in areas that the DoD has indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending, the impact of the Budget Control Act remains uncertain and our business and industry could be materially adversely affected. In January 2012, the
Secretary of Defense announced a number of program changes and cancellations that are scheduled to take place over the next several years, in part to comply with certain provisions of the Budget Control Act. Certain of these program changes and
cancellations are expected to have an impact on programs in which we participate. 

n

 As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to various procurement regulations and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or
any negative findings from a U.S. Government audit or investigation. 

U.S. Government
contractors must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other requirements. These regulations and requirements, although customary in government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. New regulations or
procurement requirements (including, for example, regarding counterfeit parts) or changes to current ones, could increase our costs and risks of compliance and reduce our margins. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. Government and its agencies, such as
the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). These agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the
adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies. Systems that are subject to review include, but are not limited to, our accounting systems, purchasing systems, billing systems, property management and control
systems, cost estimating systems, compensation systems and management information systems. Any costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed.
If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions or suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. Government. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the
U.S. Government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against
us. If such actions were to result in suspension or debarment, this could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
U.S. Government, from time to time, recommends to its contractors that certain contract prices be reduced, or that costs allocated to certain contracts be disallowed. These recommendations can involve substantial amounts. In the past, as a
result of such audits and other investigations and inquiries, we have on occasion reduced our contract prices and the costs allocated to our government contracts. 

We are also, from time to time, subject to U.S. Government investigations relating to our operations, and we are subject to or expected to perform in compliance with a vast array of federal laws,
including but not limited to the Truth in Negotiations Act, the False Claims Act, the Procurement Integrity Act, Cost Accounting 

-10-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

Standards, Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, the Close the Contractor Fraud Loophole Act and the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If we are found to have violated the law, or are found not to have acted responsibly as defined by the law, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or termination and the
assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory or treble damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Such matters could also result in suspension or debarment. Given our
dependence on government contracting and authorizations, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

n

 Changes to business practices for U.S. government contractors could have a significant adverse effect on current programs, potential new awards
and the processes by which procurements are awarded and managed. 

Our industry has experienced, and
we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, and recovery of costs, among other items, and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key
areas for future defense spending. For example, the DoD’s Better Buying Power Initiative is designed to reduce costs, gain efficiencies, refocus priorities and enhance business practices used by the DoD, including those used to procure goods,
services and solutions from defense contractors. In addition, the DCAA has implemented cost recovery initiatives designed to prioritize efforts to recover costs and close open audits. More recently, the thresholds for certain allowable costs are
being challenged and refined. 

These new initiatives have had, and we expect them to continue to have, a significant impact on
the contracting environment in which we do business. In support of the implementation of the Better Buying Power initiative, the U.S. Government is issuing a large number of new regulations and statutory requirements which are shifting additional
responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. This is also being accomplished by the Government’s increased reliance on the use of fixed price incentive contracts with specifically identified fee share line structures rather than cost
type or fixed price contracts. While the full impact to our business as a result of these changes remains uncertain, and subject to the manner in which they are implemented, our business and industry could be materially adversely affected.

n

 Competition within our markets and an increase in bid protests may reduce our revenues and market share. 

We operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and
marketing capabilities or be able to assume lower costs than we do in some areas or programs. We have seen, and anticipate that we will continue to see, increased competition in some of our core markets, especially as a result of the reduction in
budgets for many U.S. Government agencies and fewer new program starts. In addition, as discussed in more detail above, projected U.S. defense spending levels for periods beyond the near-term are uncertain and difficult to predict. Changes
in U.S. defense spending may limit certain future market opportunities. We are also facing increasing competition in our domestic and international markets from foreign and multinational firms. Additionally, some customers, including the DoD,
may turn to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for information technology and other support work. If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, we may experience
declines in revenues and market share, which could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

We are also experiencing an increasing number of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. Bid protests could result in the award decision being overturned, and a re-bid of the
contract. Even where a bid protest does not result in a new award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay potential earnings. 

n

 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities, equipment
and a qualified workforce to meet the needs of current and future customers. 

Many of the markets in
which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Our success in the competitive 

-11-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

defense industry depends upon our ability to develop and market our products and services, as well as our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity
needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. If we fail to maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant amount of future business to our competitors, which would have a material adverse effect on our
ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain market share. 

Our operating results are heavily dependent upon
our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with requisite skills and/or security clearances. If qualified personnel become scarce, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such
employees. Failure to maintain a qualified workforce could result in difficulty in performing under our contracts. 

Approximately 3,400 of our 72,500 employees are covered by an aggregate of 17 collective bargaining agreements, and we expect to
negotiate or re-negotiate renewals for nine of our collective bargaining agreements in 2012. Collective bargaining agreements generally expire after three to five years, and are subject to renegotiation upon expiration. We may experience
difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective bargaining agreements. If we experience such difficulties, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages. Any such expenses or delays could adversely
affect programs served by employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

n

 Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require
state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. Failure to meet these obligations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects. 

We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a
variety of environments. Problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing and patent rights, labor, learning curve assumptions, manufacturing materials or components could prevent us
from achieving contractual requirements. 

In addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are
otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. Examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue and profitability include loss on launch of spacecraft, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement,
problems with quality and workmanship, country of origin, delivery of subcontractor components or services and degradation of product performance. These failures could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. Among the
factors that may affect revenue and profits could be unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work, and, in the
case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received. 

Certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that entitle the customer to recover fees in the event
of partial or complete failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. Under such terms, we could be required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected. We have not experienced any
material losses in the last decade in connection with such contract performance incentive provisions. However, if we were to experience launch failures or complete satellite system failures in the future, for example, such events could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

n

 Contract cost growth on fixed-price and other contracts that cannot be justified as an increase in contract value due from customers exposes us
to reduced profitability and the potential loss of future business. 

Our operating income is
adversely affected when we incur certain contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that cannot be billed to customers. This cost growth can occur if estimates to complete increase due to a variety of reasons including: technical
challenges; manufacturing difficulties or delays; or workforce-related issues; and where initial estimates used for calculating the contract cost were incorrect. The cost 

-12-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

estimation process requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost growth may include unavailability or reduced productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be
performed, the timelines and availability of materials, major subcontractor performance and quality of their products, the effect of any delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from the customer, natural disasters, and the
inability to recover any claims included in the estimates to complete, including additional pension-related costs that may arise from the new rule published by the Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) Board discussed further in the pension and medical
expenses risk factor below. A significant change in cost estimates on one or more programs could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our risk varies with the type of contract. Flexibly priced contracts include both cost-type and fixed-price incentive contracts. Due to
their nature, firm fixed-price contracts inherently have more risk than flexibly priced contracts. In 2011, approximately 41 percent of our annual revenues were derived from firm fixed-price contracts. We typically enter into firm fixed-price
contracts where costs can be reasonably estimated based on experience. In addition, our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. Should the terms specified in our contracts not be met, then profitability may be
reduced. Fixed-price development work comprises a small portion of our firm fixed-price contracts and inherently has more uncertainty as to future events than production contracts and therefore more variability in estimates of the costs to complete
the development stage. As work progresses through the development stage into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract are generally reduced. In addition, successful performance of firm fixed-price development
contracts that include production units is subject to our ability to control some cost growth in meeting production specifications and delivery rates. While management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with fixed-price development
contracts, future events could result in either upward or downward adjustments to those estimates. 

Under a typical fixed-price
incentive contract, the allowable costs incurred by the contractor are subject to reimbursement, but are subject to a cost-share limit, which affects profitability. Under a cost-type contract, the allowable costs incurred by the contractor are
also subject to reimbursement plus a fee that represents profit. We typically enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. These cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that
are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. 

n

 We use estimates when accounting for contracts. Changes in estimates could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.

When agreeing to contractual terms, our management makes assumptions and projections about future
conditions and events, many of which extend over long periods. These projections assess the productivity and availability of labor, complexity of the work to be performed, cost and availability of materials, impact of delayed performance and timing
of product deliveries. Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the
estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, assumptions are made regarding the length of time to complete a contract since costs also include expected increases in wages, prices for
materials and allocated fixed costs. Similarly, assumptions are made regarding the future impact of our efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. Incentives, awards or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in
estimating revenue and profit rates, and are recorded when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated performance. Suppliers’ assertions are also assessed and considered in estimating costs and profit rates. 

Because of the significance of the judgment and estimation processes described above, it is possible that materially different amounts
could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying 

-13-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may have a material adverse effect upon the profitability of one or more of the affected contracts,
future period financial reporting and performance. See Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments in Part II, Item 7. 

n

 Our earnings and margins depend, in part, on subcontractor performance as well as raw material and component availability and pricing.

We rely on other companies to provide raw materials and major components for our products and rely
on subcontractors to produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies and perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. Disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors and vendors could have an adverse effect on our
ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to perform our obligations on time as a prime contractor could be adversely affected if one or more of the vendors or subcontractors are unable to provide the agreed-upon products or
materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Our costs may increase over the term of
our contracts. Through cost escalation provisions contained in some of our U.S. Government contracts, we may be protected from increases in material costs to the extent that the increases in our costs are in line with industry indices. However,
the difference in basis between our actual material costs and these indices may expose us to cost uncertainty even with these provisions. A significant delay in supply deliveries of our key raw materials required in our production processes could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In connection with our
government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the U.S. Government. Consistent with the industry’s efforts, our procurement practices are intended to reduce the
likelihood of our procurement of counterfeit parts or materials. There are currently several components, for which there may only be one supplier. The inability of a sole source supplier to meet our needs or the appearance of counterfeit parts could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Changes in economic
conditions, as well as changes in the defense budget, can adversely affect the ability of our subcontractors and suppliers to perform and further increase this risk. 

n

 Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired,
resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income. 

Goodwill
accounts for approximately half of our recorded total assets. We evaluate goodwill amounts for impairment at least annually or more often when we believe potential impairment exists. The annual impairment test is based on several factors requiring
judgment. A significant decrease in expected cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill. We continue to monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived
assets. 

As part of our overall strategy, we may, from time to time, acquire a minority or majority interest in a business.
Even after careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary significantly from initial estimates and we may experience unforeseen issues that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. 

n

 Our international business exposes us to additional risks. 

While our international business is not substantial, it remains subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, regulations relating to import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, and the anti-boycott provisions of
the U.S. Export Administration Act. Failure by us, our employees,or others working on our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from
government contracts or 

-14-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in regulation or political environment may affect our ability to conduct business in foreign
markets, including those regarding investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings. Our international business may also be impacted by changes in foreign national priorities and government budgets and may be further impacted by global economic
conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, our international contracts may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other financial
obligations, known as offset obligations, and provide for penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. 

The services and
products we provide internationally, including those provided by subcontractors, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, in areas of military conflict or at military installations. This increases the risk of an incident resulting in
harm or loss of life to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties or damage to our products. We maintain insurance and take other steps to mitigate the risk and potential liabilities related to our international operations, but these
steps may not be adequate to prevent loss or to cover resulting claims and liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs (see additional discussion of possible inadequacy of our insurance coverage below). In addition, any accidents or
incidents that occur in connection with our international operations could result in negative publicity for the company, which may adversely affect our reputation and make it more difficult for us to compete for future contracts or attract and
retain employees or result in the loss of existing and future contracts. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

n

 Our reputation and our ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents or business partners.

We have implemented extensive policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls to
prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others with whom we are doing business that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of
export controlled or classified information, cost accounting and billing, competition and data privacy. However, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents or others with whom we are doing business.
Such improper actions could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties, including suspension and debarment,that could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

n

 Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including physical and cybersecurity threats, and other disruptions.

As a defense contractor, we face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain
unauthorized access to sensitive information; threats to the safety of our directors, officers, and employees; threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure; and threats from terrorist acts. Although we utilize various procedures and
controls to monitor and mitigate these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to losses of
sensitive information or capabilities, harm to personnel or infrastructure, or damage to our reputation, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data,
and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. These events could damage our reputation and lead to
financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability. 

-15-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

We also manage information technology systems for various customers and other third
parties. While we operate under information security policies and procedures for managing these systems, we generally face similar cybersecurity threats for these systems as for our own. 

n

 Unforeseen environmental costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign
environmental laws and regulations. In addition, we could be affected by future laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to climate change concerns and other actions commonly referred to as “green initiatives.” Compliance
with current and future environmental laws and regulations currently requires and is expected to continue to require significant operating and capital costs. 

Environmental laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations, and may limit our operations or require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or
operational changes to limit pollution emissions or discharges and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. We also incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs to comply with current federal and state environmental
laws and regulations related to the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the
violation could be placed by the EPA on the “Excluded Parties List” maintained by the General Services Administration. The listing could continue until the EPA concludes that the cause of the violation had been corrected. If we were listed
on the Excluded Parties List it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Listed facilities generally cannot be used in performing any U.S. Government contract until the violation is
corrected. 

The adoption of new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, imposition of new
cleanup requirements, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental impacts, sanctions or penalties, could negatively impact our ability to recover such costs under previously priced contracts or
financial insolvency of other responsible parties could cause us to incur costs in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

n

 We are subject to various claims and litigation that could ultimately be resolved against us. 

The size, type and complexity of our business make us highly susceptible to claims and litigation. We are and may become subject to
various environmental claims, income tax matters, compliance matters, claims, investigations, and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, which could divert financial and management resources and, could lead to fines, penalities, judgements,
and other monetary and non-monetary results, including suspension or debarment, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Any investigation, claim, or litigation, even if fully
indemnified or insured, could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. 

n

 We may be unable adequately to protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete.

We own many U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual
property. The U.S. Government has certain rights to use certain intellectual property that we develop in performance of government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use certain such intellectual property. Our intellectual
property is subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties. 

We also rely significantly
upon proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how that are not protected by patents. We seek to protect this information through trade secret or confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, subcontractors and other
parties, as well as through other measures. These agreements and other measures may not provide adequate protection for our unpatented proprietary 

-16-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

information. In the event of an infringement of our intellectual property rights, a breach of a confidentiality agreement or divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal
remedies to maintain our intellectual property. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management’s attention away from other aspects of our business.
In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. In some instances, we have licensed the proprietary intellectual property of others, but we may be unable in the future to secure the necessary
licenses to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms. If we are unable adequately to protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 

n

 Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters, environmental disasters and other factors that could adversely affect our
profitability and our overall financial position. 

We have significant operations located in regions
of the U.S. that may be exposed to earthquakes, damaging storms, and other natural disasters, including environmental disasters. Although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural and
environmental disasters may be significant. If insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are unavailable or insufficient to recover all costs, our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Our suppliers and subcontractors are also subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform
under a contract. Performance failures by our subcontractors due to natural and environmental disasters may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations on the prime contract. This could reduce our profitability due to damages or other
costs that may not be fully recoverable from the subcontractor or from the customer, could result in a termination of the prime contract and could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts. 

Natural disasters could also disrupt our workforce, electrical and other power distribution networks, including computer and internet
operation and accessibility, and the critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations. These disruptions could cause adverse effects on our profitability and performance. 

n

 Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur,
which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position. 

We endeavor to
identify and obtain in established markets insurance agreements to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters and product liability). Not every risk or liability can be protected by insurance, and, for
insurable risks, the limits of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred, including for example, a catastrophic earthquake claim. 

Additionally, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage may affect the timing of cash flows and, if litigation with the carrier
becomes necessary, an outcome unfavorable to us may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

n

 Anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, spin-offs or strategic alliances may not be realized.

As part of our overall strategy, we may, from time to time, merge with or acquire businesses,
dispose of or spin-off businesses, form joint ventures or create strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends, in part, upon the integration between the businesses involved, the performance of the
underlying products, capabilities or technologies, the management of the operations and market conditions following these transactions. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected from unanticipated performance issues,
transaction-related charges, liabilities, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. Divestitures may result in continued financial involvement
in the divested business, such as through guarantees, indemnifications, or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Although we have established procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there is no assurance that these
transactions will be successful. 

-17-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

n

 Market volatility and adverse capital and credit market conditions may affect our ability to access cost-effective sources of funding and expose
us to risks associated with the financial viability of suppliers and the ability of counterparties to perform on financial instruments. 

Domestic and international financial and credit markets have experienced high levels of volatility and disruption, reducing the availability of credit for certain issuers. Historically, we have
occasionally accessed these markets to support certain business activities, including acquisitions, capital expansion projects, refinancing existing debt and issuing letters of credit. In the future, we may not be able to obtain capital market
financing or bank financing when needed on favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We have also executed transactions with counterparties domestically
and abroad in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional parties. These transactions expose us to potential credit risk in the event of counterparty default. 

A tightening of credit could also adversely affect our suppliers’ ability to obtain financing. Delays in suppliers’ ability to
obtain financing, or the unavailability of financing, could cause us to be unable to meet our contract obligations and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The inability of our suppliers to obtain
financing could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other supplemental means to support our existing suppliers. 

n

 Pension and medical expenses associated with our retirement benefit plans may fluctuate significantly depending upon changes in actuarial
assumptions, future investment performance of plan assets, future trends in health care costs and legislative or other regulatory actions. 

A substantial portion of our current and retired employee population is covered by pension and post-retirement benefit plans, the costs of which are dependent upon our various assumptions, including
estimates of rates of return on benefit related assets, discount rates for future payment obligations, rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. In addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our pension and
post-retirement benefit plans are subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions. Variances from these estimates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Additionally, due to government regulations, pension plan cost recoveries under our government contracts occur in different periods from
when those pension costs are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. These timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations. On December 27, 2011, the CAS Board
published a final rule intended to partially harmonize the measurement and period of assignment of defined benefit pension plan costs allocable to U.S. Government contracts and the minimum required contribution under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended by the Pension Protection Act (PPA) of 2006. We anticipate that this rule will better align, but not eliminate, mismatches between ERISA funding requirements and CAS pension costs for U.S. Government CAS
covered contracts. The rule becomes effective February 27, 2012, with 2013 being the first year of applicability for the revised accounting practices required by the rule. Price proposals for CAS covered contracts awarded on or after the
effective date of February 27, 2012 will reflect the effects of the rule. Although we believe that contractors are entitled to an equitable adjustment on CAS covered contracts awarded prior to the February 27, 2012 effective date, the
application of this rule on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully recover such equitable adjustment. 

n

 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment
is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of business, there are many 

-18-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, timing differences in the recognition of income from contracts for financial statement purposes and
for income tax regulations can cause uncertainty with respect to the timing of income tax payments, which can have a significant impact on our cash flow from operations in a particular period. Furthermore, changes in applicable domestic or foreign
income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain sales or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and
profitability. The final determination of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Additionally, changes in our tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings
in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax legislation, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in differences between financial reporting income and taxable
income, the results of audits and the examination of previously filed tax returns by taxing authorities and continuing assessments of our tax exposures could impact our tax liabilities and affect our income tax expense, profitability and cash flow.

n

 Our nuclear-related operations subject us to various environmental, regulatory, financial and other risks. 

Our nuclear-related operations subject us to various risks, including potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment
and human health that may result from nuclear-related operations and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials. We are also subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident, whether or not it
is within our control. The U.S. Government and prime contractors provide certain indemnity protection under certain of our contracts pursuant to, or in connection with, Public Law 85-804 and the Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act for
certain nuclear-related risks. If there was a nuclear incident and that indemnity protection was not available to cover our losses and liabilities, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash
flows. 

n

 If all or any portion of the spin-off of our former Shipbuilding business or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
spin-off transaction are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax may incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities.

In connection with the spin-off of our former shipbuilding business, we received a letter ruling
from the IRS and an opinion of counsel confirming that we and our shareholders would not recognize any taxable income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger, the internal reorganization or the distribution,
except that our shareholders who receive cash in lieu of fractional shares would recognize gain or loss with respect to such cash. The ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from us and HII
regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and other matters. 

We are not aware of any
facts or circumstances that would cause any of the factual statements or representations in the IRS ruling or the opinion to be incomplete or untrue at the time of the spin-off transaction. Nevertheless, if the IRS determines that any of the factual
statements or representations that the IRS ruling or the opinion was based on were incomplete or untrue, or if certain facts or circumstances upon which the IRS ruling or the opinion was based were materially different from those at the time of the
spin-off, we and our shareholders may not be able to rely on the IRS ruling or the opinion of counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 

Even if the spin-off transaction otherwise qualifies as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the internal reorganization and distribution may be taxable to us (but not to our shareholders)
if certain events occur, including, if within two years following the spin-off there are one or more acquisitions (including issuances) of the stock of either us or HII, representing 50% or more of the then-outstanding stock of either corporation
and the acquisition or acquisitions are deemed to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the distribution; we cease to engage appropriately in the conduct of a substantial part of our existing business; or, we or HII
repurchase shares in excess of specified levels over a two-year period (which substantially exceed 

-19-

Table of Contents

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 

our historical repurchase activity level). If such tax were incurred, the tax liability would be substantial. HII has agreed not to undertake transactions that would reasonably be expected to
trigger such tax, and we intend to avoid any such transactions. 

n

 The spin-off of our former Shipbuilding business may expose us to potential claims and liabilities. 

In connection with the spin-off transaction, we entered into a number of agreements with HII setting forth certain rights and obligations
of the parties after the separation. For example, under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, from and after the spin-off transaction, each of HII and Northrop Grumman is generally responsible for the debts, liabilities and other obligations
related to the business or businesses that it owns and operates following the consummation of the spin-off. It is possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to between us and HII, and require that we assume responsibility for
certain obligations allocated to HII (for example, tax and/or environmental liabilities), particularly if HII were to refuse or were unable to pay or perform such obligations. 

In addition, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities or obligations for which HII has agreed to be responsible and/or to indemnify us. The indemnity rights we have under
our agreements with HII may not be sufficient to protect us against such liabilities. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from HII any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be required to record these losses ourselves until such time
as the indemnity contribution is paid. In addition, certain indemnities that we may be required to provide HII are not subject to a cap, may be significant, and could negatively impact our business. These risks could negatively affect our business
and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.