Matters
 related to or arising out of our historical stock-based
 compensation practices, including government actions, litigation
 matters, and downgrades in our credit ratings, could have a
 material adverse effect on the Company.

 Our historical stock-based compensation practices have exposed
 us to risks associated with the judgments we made historically
 as well as those made as a result of our review of those
 practices. Based on the findings of the review of our historical
 stock-based compensation practices by the Audit Committee, we
 concluded that we had utilized incorrect measurement dates for
 some of the stock-based compensation awards granted during the
 review period, November 1, 1996 through October 31,
 2006. As a result, we recorded in our consolidated financial
 statements for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006 a
 cumulative $19.2 million adjustment for previously
 unrecorded stock-based compensation expense, and related income
 tax effects, as a decrease to retained earnings as of
 November 1, 2005, the beginning of our 2006 fiscal year, in
 accordance with the guidance applicable to the initial
 compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,
 “Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when
 Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
 Statements” and $0.1 million of non-cash expense in
 the 2006 fiscal year. We determined that the amounts of
 stock-based compensation expense that should have been
 recognized in each of the applicable historical periods were not
 material to those periods on either a quantitative or
 qualitative basis. Therefore, we did not restate our
 consolidated financial statements for prior periods. While we
 believe that we have made appropriate judgments regarding
 materiality and in determining the correct measurement dates for
 our stock-based compensation awards, the IRS may disagree with
 our judgments. If the IRS disagrees with our judgments, we may
 incur additional expenses as a result of different tax
 decisions, or take other actions not currently contemplated.

 As discussed in Part I, Item 3, “Legal
 Proceedings,” derivative actions were filed against us and
 our current and former officers and directors after we disclosed
 the commencement of our Audit Committee’s review of our
 historical stock-based compensation practices. No assurance can
 be given regarding the outcomes of litigation or government
 actions relating to our historical stock-based compensation
 practices. The resolution of any such matters may be time
 consuming and expensive, and may distract management from the
 conduct of our business. Furthermore, if we are subject to
 adverse findings in litigation or government actions, we could
 be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies
 imposed, which could harm our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Furthermore, any resulting adverse effects on the Company as
 described above could cause our credit ratings to be downgraded.
 A significant downgrade in ratings may increase our cost of
 borrowing or limit our access to capital.

 We may
 experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs in
 completing our cost reduction and sales growth strategic
 initiatives and may not achieve the anticipated benefits of
 these initiatives.

 We previously announced three strategic initiatives as part of
 our plan to increase profitability through revenue growth and
 cost reduction. These initiatives include a major shift in our
 sales strategy from direct to indirect sales; an investment in
 overlapping offshore research and development teams to
 eventually assume functions once handled in more expensive
 environments; a move to a shared services model for our
 financial and administrative

 13

Table of Contents

 functional support in order to reduce costs; and aligning our
 services business with each business unit to drive product
 revenue. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated
 benefits from one or more of these initiatives, and other events
 and circumstances, such as difficulties, delays or unexpected
 costs, may occur which could result in our not realizing all or
 any of the anticipated benefits. If we are unable to realize
 these benefits, our ability to continue to fund our planned
 business activities may be adversely affected. In addition, our
 plans to invest in these initiatives ahead of future growth
 means that such costs will be incurred whether or not we realize
 these benefits. We are also subject to the risk of business
 disruption in connection with our strategic initiatives, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 Our shift
 to a sales strategy more focused on indirect sales may result in
 decreased or fluctuating revenue.

 We have historically relied heavily on our direct sales force in
 selling our products. Our ability to achieve significant revenue
 growth in the future will depend in large part on our success in
 establishing relationships with distributors and OEM partners.
 We are currently investing, and plan to continue to invest,
 significant resources to develop distribution relationships. Our
 distributors also sell, or may potentially sell, products
 offered by our competitors. There can be no assurance that we
 will be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of
 existing or future third party distribution partners or that
 such partners will recommend, or continue to recommend, our
 products. The inability to establish or maintain successful
 relationships with distributors and OEM partners could cause our
 sales to decline.

 In addition, indirect channel sales involve a number of special
 risks. We lack control over the delivery of our products to
 end-users. Resellers and distributors may have the ability to
 terminate their relationships with us on short notice. Our
 indirect channel partners may not market or support our products
 effectively or be able to release their products embedded with
 our products in a timely manner. We may not be able to
 effectively manage conflicts between our various indirect
 channel and direct customers, and economic conditions or
 industry demand may adversely affect indirect channel partners,
 or indirect channel partners may devote greater resources to
 marketing and supporting the products of other companies. As a
 result, revenues derived from indirect channel partners may
 fluctuate significantly in subsequent periods, which may
 adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial
 condition.

 Increasing
 our foreign research and development operations exposes us to
 risks that are beyond our control and could affect our ability
 to operate successfully.

 In order to enhance the cost-effectiveness of our operations, we
 plan to increasingly shift portions of our research and
 development operations to jurisdictions outside of the United
 States. The transition of even a portion of our research and
 development operations to a foreign country involves a number of
 logistical and technical challenges that could result in product
 development delays and operational interruptions, which could
 reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business. We may
 encounter complications associated with the
 set-up,
 migration and operation of business systems and equipment in
 expanded or new facilities. This could result in delays in our
 research and development efforts and otherwise disrupt our
 operations. If such delays or disruptions occur, they could
 damage our reputation and otherwise adversely affect our
 business and results of operations.

 We cannot be certain that any shifts in our operations to
 offshore jurisdictions will ultimately produce the expected cost
 savings. We cannot predict the extent of government support,
 availability of qualified workers, future labor rates, or
 monetary and economic conditions in any offshore location where
 we may operate.

 The relocation of labor resources may have a negative impact on
 our existing employees, which could negatively impact our
 operations. In addition, we will likely be faced with
 competition in these offshore markets for qualified personnel,
 including skilled design and technical personnel, and we expect
 this competition to increase as other companies expand their
 operations offshore. If the supply of qualified personnel
 becomes limited due to increased competition or otherwise, it
 could increase our costs and employee turnover rates.

 14

Table of Contents

 Our
 NetWare revenue stream continues to decline.

 Sales of our NetWare product have been declining for many years
 and such decline could offset or out pace the growth in our
 other products. Our strategy is to offset these declines with
 sales of our next generation of NetWare enterprise-ready
 operating system and services, OES. OES allows customers the
 opportunity to choose between a NetWare operating system and a
 Linux operating system, thereby providing NetWare customers with
 a means to migrate to Linux and open source solutions. However,
 NetWare and OES combined license and maintenance revenue of our
 business declined by $28.5 million, or 12%, in fiscal 2007.
 If our strategy is unsuccessful, our combined NetWare and OES
 revenue stream will decline more rapidly than the growth of
 revenue streams from our other products.

 If our
 identity-driven computing solutions, systems and resource
 managements solutions, and Linux and platform services solutions
 do not grow at the rate we anticipate, our growth will be
 negatively impacted.

 Our product strategy focuses on three specific areas:
 identity-driven computing solutions, systems and resource
 management solutions, and Linux and platform services solutions
 with a specific emphasis on open source platforms. We have
 focused on these offerings because we believe that
 identity-driven solutions and open source platforms are two of
 the fastest growing segments in our industry, and we believe
 that they represent the best opportunity for us to profitably
 grow our revenue. Our ability to achieve success with this
 strategy is dependent on a number of factors including, but not
 limited to, the following:

 • 

 the growth of these markets;

 • 

 our development of key product solutions and upgrades;

 • 

 the acceptance of our solutions particularly by enterprise
 companies, large industry partners and major accounts;

 • 

 the decisions by customers to upgrade from older versions of our
 products to newer versions; and

 • 

 the successful sale of technical support and other Novell
 solutions along with our products.

 We may
 not be able to successfully compete in a challenging market for
 infrastructure software services.

 The industries we compete in are highly competitive. We expect
 competition to continue to increase both from existing
 competitors and new market entrants. Competitors of our
 identity-driven computing solutions and Linux and platform
 services solutions include Microsoft, IBM, Sun, HP, Altiris,
 Oracle, LANDesk, and Computer Associates. Our primary competitor
 in the North America Linux market is Red Hat. Competitors of our
 global services and support group include IBM, Accenture, HP,
 CSC and Capgemini. Many of our competitors have greater
 financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. We
 believe that competitive factors common to all of our segments
 include:

 • 

 the pricing of our products and services and the pricing
 strategies of our competitors;

 • 

 the timing and market acceptance of new solutions developed by
 us and our competitors;

 • 

 brand and product awareness;

 • 

 the performance, reliability and security of our products;

 • 

 the ability to preserve our legacy customer base;

 • 

 our ability to establish and maintain key strategic
 relationships with distributors, resellers and other
 partners; and

 • 

 our ability to attract and retain highly qualified development,
 consulting and managerial personnel.

 15

Table of Contents

 If third
 parties claim that we infringed upon their intellectual
 property, our ability to use some technologies and products
 could be limited and we may incur significant costs to resolve
 these claims.

 Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is common in
 the software industry. We have from time to time received
 letters or been the subject of claims suggesting that we are
 infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. In
 addition, we have faced and expect to continue to face from time
 to time disputes over rights and obligations concerning
 intellectual property. The cost and time of defending ourselves
 can be significant. If an infringement claim is successful, we
 and our customers may be required to obtain one or more licenses
 from third parties, and we may be obligated to pay or reimburse
 our customers for monetary damages. In such instances, we or our
 customers may not be able to obtain necessary licenses from
 third parties at a reasonable cost or at all, and may face
 delays in product shipment while developing or arranging for
 alternative technologies, which could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 In the
 event claims for indemnification are brought for intellectual
 property infringement, we could incur significant expenses,
 thereby adversely affecting our results of operations.

 We indemnify customers against certain claims that our products
 infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.
 Additionally, under our Novell Linux Indemnification Program, we
 offer indemnification for copyright infringement claims made by
 third parties against registered Novell customers who obtain
 SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 8, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9,
 SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10, SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop
 10, SUSE Linux Retail Solution, Novell Point of Service, Novell
 Linux Desktop, and SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop, and who, after
 January 12, 2004, obtained upgrade protection and a
 qualifying technical support contract from us or a participating
 channel partner. Although indemnification programs for
 proprietary software are common in our industry, indemnification
 programs that cover open source software are less so. In the
 event that we are required to indemnify our customers against
 claims for intellectual property infringement, we could incur
 significant expense reimbursing customers for their legal costs
 and, in the event those claims are successful, for damages.

 Legal
 actions taken by claimants alleging intellectual property
 infringement could adversely affect our revenue and business
 plan if these legal actions cause a reduction in demand for our
 SUSE Linux and
 Ximian®
 products.

 In January 2004, The SCO Group, Inc. filed suit against us in
 the Third Judicial District Court of Salt Lake County, State of
 Utah. We removed the claim to the U.S. District Court,
 District of Utah. SCO’s complaint alleged that our public
 statements and filings regarding the ownership of the copyrights
 in UNIX and UnixWare have harmed SCO’s business reputation
 and affected its efforts to protect its ownership interest in
 UNIX and UnixWare. SCO is also seeking to require us to assign
 all copyrights that we have registered in UNIX and UnixWare to
 SCO and to pay actual, special and punitive damages. In August
 2007, the U.S. District Court granted us summary judgment
 against SCO, concluding that we retained ownership of the UNIX
 and UnixWare copyrights, and dismissed SCO’s claims against
 us. Although SCO has recently filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy
 petition, SCO has indicated its intent to appeal the District
 Court’s ruling. If SCO is able to successfully appeal the
 District Court’s decision, and then succeed on its claims
 before a jury, our future revenue and business plans could be
 adversely affected.

 We have
 experienced delays in the introduction of new products due to
 various factors, resulting in lost revenue.

 We have in the past experienced delays in the introduction of
 new products due to a number of factors, including the
 complexity of software products, the need for extensive testing
 of software to ensure compatibility of new releases with a wide
 variety of application software and hardware devices, the need
 to “debug” products prior to extensive distribution,
 and with regard to our open-source products, our increasing
 reliance on the work of third parties not employed by Novell.
 Our open source offerings depend to a large extent on the
 efforts of developers not employed by us for the creation and
 update of open source technologies. For example, Linus Torvalds,
 the original developer of the Linux kernel, and a small group of
 engineers, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily
 responsible for the development and evolution of the Linux
 kernel that is a key component of our Open Enterprise Server and
 SUSE Linux Enterprise offerings. The timing and nature of new
 releases of the Linux kernel are

 16

Table of Contents

 controlled by these third parties. Delays in developing,
 completing, or shipping new or enhanced products could result in
 delayed or reduced revenue for those products and could
 adversely impact customer acceptance of those offerings.

 We
 benefit from the open source contributions of third-party
 programmers and corporations, and if they cease to make these
 contributions, our product strategy could be adversely
 affected.

 Our open source offerings depend to a large extent on the
 efforts of developers not employed by us for the creation and
 update of open source technologies. Also, we and many other
 corporations contribute software into the open source movement.
 If key members, or a significant percentage, of this group of
 developers or corporations decides to cease development of the
 Linux kernel or other open source applications, we would have to
 either rely on another party (or parties) to develop these
 technologies, develop them ourselves or adapt our product
 strategy accordingly. This could increase our development
 expenses, delay our product releases and upgrades and adversely
 impact customer acceptance of open source offerings.

 We may
 not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel because of
 the intense competition for qualified personnel in the software
 industry.

 Our ability to maintain our competitive technological position
 depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain
 highly qualified development, consulting, and managerial
 personnel. Competition for personnel of the highest caliber is
 intense in the software industry. The loss of certain key
 individuals, or a significant group of key personnel, would
 adversely affect our performance. The failure to successfully
 hire suitable replacements in a timely manner could have a
 material adverse effect on our business.

 If our
 relationships with other IT services organizations become
 impaired, we could lose business.

 We maintain relationships with IT services organizations that
 recommend, design and implement solutions that include our
 products for their customers’ businesses. Any of these
 organizations could decide, at any time, to cease doing business
 with us or recommending our products. A change in the
 willingness of these IT service organizations to do business
 with us or recommend our products could result in lower revenue.

 The
 success of our acquisitions is dependent on our ability to
 integrate personnel, operations and technology, and if we are
 not successful, our revenue will not grow at the rate we
 anticipate.

 Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on the
 successful integration of personnel, operations and technology.
 The integration of acquisitions is subject to risks and requires
 significant expenditure of time and resources. The challenges
 involved in integrating acquisitions include the following:

 • 

 obtaining synergies from the companies’ organizations;

 • 

 obtaining synergies from the companies’ service and product
 offerings effectively and quickly;

 • 

 bringing together marketing efforts so that the market receives
 useful information about the combined companies and their
 products;

 • 

 coordinating sales efforts so that customers can do business
 easily with the combined companies;

 • 

 integrating product offerings, technology, back office, human
 resources, accounting and financial systems;

 • 

 assimilating employees who come from diverse corporate cultural
 backgrounds into a common business culture revolving around our
 solutions offerings; and

 • 

 retaining key officers and employees who possess the necessary
 skills and experience to quickly and effectively transition and
 integrate the businesses.

 Failure to effectively and timely complete the integration of
 acquisitions could materially harm the business and operating
 results of the combined companies. In addition, goodwill related
 to any acquisitions could become

 17

Table of Contents

 impaired. Furthermore, we may assume significant liabilities in
 connection with acquisitions we make or become responsible for
 liabilities of the acquired businesses.

 Our
 financial and operating results vary and may fall below
 estimates, which may cause the price of our
 common stock to decline.

 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due
 to a variety of factors including, but not limited to the:

 • 

 timing of orders from customers and shipments to customers;

 • 

 impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the price of our
 products in international locations;

 • 

 inability to respond to the decline in revenue through the
 distribution channel; and

 • 

 inability to deliver solutions as expected by our customers and
 systems integration partners.

 In addition, we often experience a higher volume of revenue at
 the end of each quarter and during the fourth quarter of our
 fiscal year. Because of this, fixed costs that are out of line
 with revenue levels may not be detected until late in any given
 quarter and results of operations could be adversely affected.

 Due to these factors or other unanticipated events,
 quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not
 be reliable indicators of our future performance. In addition,
 from time to time our quarterly financial results may fall below
 our expectations or the expected results published by the
 securities and industry analysts who follow our company. This
 could cause the market price of our securities to decline,
 perhaps significantly.

 We face
 increased risks in conducting a global business.

 We are a global corporation with subsidiaries, offices and
 employees around the world and, as such, we face certain risks
 in doing business abroad that we do not face domestically. Risks
 inherent in transacting business internationally could
 negatively impact our operating results, including:

 • 

 costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international
 operations;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 tariffs and other trade barriers;

 • 

 difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property
 rights;

 • 

 longer payment cycles;

 • 

 local political and economic conditions;

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences, including restrictions on
 repatriating earnings and the threat of “double
 taxation”; and

 • 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which can affect demand
 and increase our costs.

 We may
 not be able to protect our confidential information, and this
 could adversely affect our business.

 We generally enter into contractual relationships with our
 employees to protect our confidential information. The
 misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary
 information could seriously harm our business. In addition, we
 may not be able to timely detect unauthorized use of our
 intellectual property and take appropriate steps to enforce our
 rights. In the event we are unable to enforce these contractual
 obligations and our intellectual property rights, our business
 could be adversely affected.

 18

Table of Contents

 Our
 professional services contracts contain pricing risks and, if
 our estimates prove inaccurate, we could lose money.

 A portion of our professional services revenue is from
 fixed-price, fixed-time contracts. Because of the complex nature
 of the services provided, it is sometimes difficult to
 accurately estimate the cost, scope and duration of particular
 client engagements. If we do not accurately estimate the
 resources required for a project, do not accurately assess the
 scope of work associated with a project, do not manage the
 project properly, or do not satisfy our obligations in a manner
 consistent with the contract, then our costs to complete the
 project could increase substantially. We have occasionally had
 to commit unanticipated additional resources to complete
 projects, and may have to take similar action in the future. We
 may not be compensated for these additional costs or the
 commitment of these additional resources.

 Our
 professional services clients may cancel or reduce the scope of
 their engagements with us on short notice.

 If our clients cancel or reduce the scope of a professional
 services engagement, we may be unable to reassign our
 professionals to new engagements without delay. Personnel and
 related costs constitute a substantial portion of our operating
 expenses. Because these expenses are relatively fixed, and
 because we establish the levels of these expenses well in
 advance of any particular quarter, cancellations or reductions
 in the scope of client engagements could result in the
 under-utilization of our professional services employees,
 causing significant reductions in operating results for a
 particular quarter.

 Conversion
 of our debentures into shares of our common stock will dilute
 the ownership interests of existing stockholders.

 The conversion of some or all of our $600 million aggregate
 principal amount of senior convertible debentures due 2024 into
 shares of common stock will dilute the ownership interest of
 existing common stockholders. Any large volume sales in the
 public market of the common stock issued upon such conversion
 could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common
 stock. In addition, the existence of the debentures may
 encourage short selling by market participants because the
 conversion of the debentures could depress the price of our
 common stock.