The announcement and pendency of the merger and the patent sale could adversely impact us. 

The announcement and pendency of the merger and the patent sale could cause disruptions in our business. For example, customers may
delay, reduce or even cease making purchases from us until they determine whether the merger or patent sale will affect our products and services, including, but not limited to, pricing, performance, support, or continued product availability. Our
partners may give greater priority to products of our competitors until they determine whether the merger or patent sale will affect our products and services or our relationship with them. Uncertainty concerning potential changes to us and our
business could also harm our ability to enter into agreements with new customers and partners. In addition, key personnel may depart for a variety of reasons, including perceived uncertainty as to the effect of the merger on their employment. The
pendency of the merger and the patent sale could also divert the time and attention of our management from our ongoing business operations. These disruptions may increase over time until the closing of the merger, which may occur after the first
calendar quarter of 2011, if at all. 

Further, the Merger Agreement generally requires us to operate our business in the
ordinary course pending consummation of the merger, and it restricts us, subject to certain limited exceptions, including, without limitation, Attachmate’s prior written consent, from taking certain specified actions until the merger is
complete or the agreement is terminated, including, without limitation, not exceeding a certain amount in capital expenditures, not making certain acquisitions, not entering into certain types of contracts and other matters. These restrictions may
prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger with Attachmate that could be favorable to us and our stockholders. 

All of the matters described above, alone or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results,
financial position and stock price. 

Our merger with Attachmate may be delayed or not occur at all for a variety of reasons, including the
termination of the Merger Agreement prior to the completion of the merger, and the failure to complete the merger could adversely affect us. 

There can be no assurance that our merger with Attachmate will occur. Consummation of the merger is subject to certain conditions to closing, including, among others, (i) the approval by our
stockholders; (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period (and any extensions thereof) applicable to the consummation of the merger under the HSR Act and the approval by the German antitrust authority, the FCO; (iii) the
absence of any law, order or other action enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the merger; (iv) the absence of a material adverse effect on us; (v) the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Patent Purchase
Agreement; (vi) the accuracy of the parties’ respective representations and warranties; (vii) the parties’ respective compliance with agreements and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement; and (viii) the availability to
us and our subsidiaries of cash and cash equivalents equal to approximately $1.03 billion. There can be no assurance that these and other conditions to closing will be satisfied. For example, the requisite consents to the merger and receipt of
regulatory approvals from various governmental entities may not be obtained. In addition, if the closing of the patent sale is delayed, the closing of the merger may also be delayed, and if the patent sale is not completed, the merger may also not
be completed. 

Further, if Attachmate is unable to consummate its proposed financing, it may be unable to pay the merger consideration.

The Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights for both us and Attachmate, and in certain specified
circumstances upon termination of the Merger Agreement, including a termination by us to enter into an agreement for a superior proposal, we will be required to pay Attachmate a termination fee equal to $60 million. This payment could affect the
structure, pricing and terms proposed by a third party seeking to acquire or merge with us and could deter such third party from making a competing acquisition proposal. 

The Merger Agreement provides for limited remedies for us in the event of a breach by Attachmate or its affiliates, including the right to a reverse termination fee of $120 million payable under certain
specified circumstances. There can be no assurance that a remedy will be available to us in the event of a breach or that any damages incurred by us in connection with the merger will not exceed the amount of the reverse termination fee. 

A failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. Further, any
disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the merger, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our customers, partners and employees, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction.
In addition, if the merger is not completed, the share price of our common stock may change to the extent that the current market price of our common stock reflects an assumption that the merger will be completed. There can be no assurance that our
business, these relationships or our financial position will not be adversely affected, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the merger, if the merger is not consummated. 

15 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Litigation relating to the merger and/or the patent sale could require us to incur significant costs
and suffer management distraction, as well as delay and/or enjoin the transactions. 

As discussed in Part II, Item 8,
Note S, “Legal Proceedings,” of this report, individuals and/or entities claiming to be our stockholders filed putative class action lawsuits challenging our pending merger with Attachmate, and two of those actions also allege, among other
things, that our directors failed to fulfill their fiduciary duties with regard to the patent sale to CPTN. The plaintiffs in these actions seek orders that, among other things, certify the cases as class actions, enjoin our merger with Attachmate,
award plaintiffs and the putative class damages in the event that our merger with Attachmate is consummated, and award plaintiffs costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. We also could be subject to additional litigation related to the
merger and/or the patent sale whether or not those transactions are consummated. While we believe that there are substantial legal and factual defenses to the claims and intend to pursue them vigorously, these actions create additional uncertainty
relating to the merger and patent sale and defending the actions is costly and distracting to management. While there can be no assurance as to the ultimate disposition of the litigation, we do not believe that its resolution will have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

We may not be able to attract and retain new customers
through indirect sales, which may result in decreased or fluctuating revenue. In addition, our reliance on an indirect sales channel for the distribution of our products could adversely affect the sales of our products. 

Our ability to attract and retain new customers and achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend in large part on our
ability to continue to establish and maintain strategic distribution and other collaborative relationships with industry-leading hardware manufacturers, distributors, software vendors and enterprise solutions providers such as Microsoft, SAP, ACS,
Dell, HP, IBM, Cap Gemini S.A., Atos Origin S.A., Accenture, Verizon Business, VMware and other third parties that are willing to recommend, design and implement solutions that include our products. These relationships create the potential to
distribute our products to a much larger customer base than we would otherwise be able to reach through our direct sales and marketing efforts. We have invested significant resources to maintain and further develop these distribution relationships
and may continue to do so. 

The distribution of our products through indirect channel partners presents a number of special
risks, including but not limited to: 

•

 our ability to retain or attract a sufficient number of existing or future distribution partners; 

•

 our lack of control over the delivery of our products to end-users; 

•

 the ability of resellers and distributors to terminate their relationships with us on short notice; 

•

 the failure of our indirect channel partners to recommend, or continue to recommend, or support our products effectively or to release their
products in which our products are embedded in a timely manner; 

•

 our inability to effectively manage conflicts between our indirect channel partners and the end-users of our products; 

•

 the impact of economic conditions or industry demand on our indirect channel partners; and 

•

 the failure of indirect channel partners to devote sufficient resources to marketing and supporting our products. 

Our inability to establish or maintain successful relationships with distribution partners could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, revenues derived from indirect channel partners may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

If SMOP does not grow at the rate we anticipate, or if the growth rate declines, our financial results, including cash flow, will be
negatively impacted. 

Our near-term growth strategy focuses on SMOP, which serves the IWM market. We have focused on this
business because we believe that it represents the best current opportunity for us to profitably grow our revenue. Our ability to achieve success with this strategy is dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the following:

•

 the growth of this market; 

•

 our development of key products and upgrades; 

•

 delivery of product milestones in a timely manner; 

•

 the acceptance of our products particularly by enterprise companies, large industry partners and major accounts; 

•

 the decisions by customers to upgrade from older versions of our products to newer versions; and 

16 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

•

 the attractiveness of our products to current and future distribution partners. 

If this business unit segment does not grow at the rates we anticipate or declines, our business, financial condition, and operating
results could be adversely affected. 

Our inability to renew SLES subscriptions with those customers who have received SLES certificates
from Microsoft, or renewals of such subscriptions at deeply discounted rates, or failure to maintain our channel partnership with Microsoft at historical levels, could adversely affect our future sales and profitability.

The Microsoft Agreements have been a significant contributor to our product revenue and the increase in our gross and operating margins
over the past few years. Most of the Microsoft SLES certificate sales have been three-year arrangements that began to expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Accordingly, the ongoing financial benefit of the Microsoft Agreements will depend on
our ability to renew SLES subscriptions with those customers who received SLES certificates from Microsoft and the pricing we are able to obtain in connection with such renewals. We have experienced declines in SLES certificate renewal rates, and
pricing of renewed certificates has generally been at reduced levels. If we are unable to renew the remaining SLES subscriptions as they expire, or if renewed subscriptions continue to be at a lower price than Microsoft paid us for the SLES
certificates, our financial results could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that Microsoft will continue to operate as a distribution partner for us after our agreement with Microsoft expires or terminates, or that the channel
partnership will be maintained at historical levels. 

Our OES and NetWare-related revenue stream may decline at accelerated rates which
would adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flow. 

Sales of our OES and NetWare-related products have
been declining for many years and declines at accelerated rates could offset or out-pace any growth in sales of our other products. We terminated general support of our NetWare products beginning in March 2010. While customers are eligible to
receive extended support for NetWare, some NetWare customers may migrate to a competing platform which would negatively impact our revenue. Our strategy is to stabilize these sales declines to the extent practicable with new product releases and
other efforts; however, combined OES and NetWare-related product revenue declined by $12.1 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2010, compared to the prior year. The announcement and pendency of the merger and the patent sale could cause further declines. If
our strategy is unsuccessful, our combined OES and NetWare-related revenue stream may decline more rapidly than any growth of other revenue streams from our other products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

If we are unable to develop new and enhanced products and services that achieve widespread market
acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing products and services or adapt our business model to keep pace with industry trends, our business and operating results would be
adversely affected. 

Our success depends on our ability to respond to the rapidly changing needs of our customers by
developing or introducing new products, product upgrades, and services on a timely basis. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses as we strive to remain competitive. New product
development and introduction involves a significant commitment of time and resources and is subject to a number of risks and challenges including: 

•

 managing the length of the development cycle for new products and product enhancements, which has frequently been longer than we originally
estimated; 

•

 adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to technological developments by our competitors and customers;

•

 entering into new or unproven markets with which we have limited experience; 

•

 shifting our skill set to new strategic areas; 

•

 managing new product and service strategies; 

•

 incorporating acquired products and technologies; and 

•

 developing or expanding efficient sales channels. 

If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new products, product upgrades, and services are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our
business and operating results would be adversely affected. 

17 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

The success of our IWM strategy is contingent upon the realization and development of the IWM market.

In December 2009, we announced our strategy to compete in the emerging market for IWM solutions. Although we have
encountered interest in IWM-oriented products throughout 2010, the IWM market is still developing. It is difficult to accurately predict the scale of the IWM market, the timing of development of the IWM market, and our ability to penetrate the
IWM market. Our strategy to win in the IWM market is to offer differentiated products and solutions under the marketing banner of “WorkloadIQ” to help customers manage and optimize their computing resources in a policy-driven, secure,
and compliant manner across physical, virtual, and cloud environments. While we anticipate that our solutions will be differentiated and thus more attractive to customers within the IWM market, we are investing at an early stage in the
market’s development. Success in the IWM market, if achieved, will require time and resources. It is uncertain whether or when the IWM market will realize its potential, as well as the extent and timing of our impact within the IWM
market. Other enterprise software vendors have also entered the IWM market with solutions that directly compete with our offerings and with marketing messages that are similar to our message. Our ability to capture market share will depend on
the relative timing of product offerings; capabilities, design and functionality of our products relative to products of our competitors; and strategic fit of our products within the IWM market. 

Our software may have vulnerabilities, defects and errors, which may lead to a loss of revenue or product liability claims. 

Software products are internally complex and occasionally contain defects or errors, especially when first introduced or when new
versions or enhancements are released. Despite extensive testing, we may not detect defects or errors in our new products, platforms or product enhancements until after we have commenced commercial shipments. If defects or errors, including security
flaws or incompatibilities, are discovered in our existing or acquired products, platforms or product enhancements, then potential customers may delay or forego purchases; our reputation in the marketplace may be damaged; we may incur additional
service and warranty costs; and we may have to divert additional development resources to correct the defects or errors. If any or all of the foregoing occur, we may lose revenues or incur higher operating expenses and lose market share, any of
which could severely harm our financial condition and operating results. 

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in
the introduction of new products due to various factors, which result in lost revenue. 

In the past, we have experienced
delays in the introduction of new products due to a number of factors including: the complexity of software products, the need for extensive testing of software to ensure compatibility of new releases with a wide variety of application software and
hardware devices, the need to ensure quality of products prior to extensive distribution, and with regard to our open source products, our continuing reliance on the work of third parties not employed by us. Our open source offerings depend to a
large extent on the efforts of developers not employed by us for the creation and modification of open source technologies. For example, Linus Torvalds, the original developer of the Linux kernel, and a small group of engineers, many of whom are not
employed by us, are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of the Linux kernel that is a key component of our OES and SUSE Linux Enterprise offerings. The timing and nature of new releases of the Linux kernel are controlled by these
third parties. Delays in developing, completing, or shipping new or enhanced products could continue to result in delayed or reduced revenue for those products and could adversely impact customer acceptance of those offerings. 

Our inability to rely on software licensed from third parties, including open source contributions of third-party programmers and corporations, would
adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We use various types of software licensed from unaffiliated third
parties. Our open source offerings, for example, are primarily comprised of open source components developed by independent third parties over whom we exercise no control. The collective licenses to third-party technologies are critical to our
business. If we are unable to maintain licenses to third-party materials, our distribution of relevant offerings may be delayed until we are able to develop, license, or acquire replacement technologies. Such a delay could have a material adverse
impact on our business. 

If key developers or a significant percentage of developers or corporations decide to cease
development of the Linux kernel or other open source software, or if we are unable to maintain licenses to proprietary software or such software is no longer available to us on commercially reasonable terms, we would have to either rely on another
party (or parties) to develop these technologies, develop them ourselves, or adapt our product strategy accordingly. This could increase our development expenses, delay our product releases and upgrades, and adversely impact customer acceptance of
our relevant offerings. 

18 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

In addition, we may be unable to predict the future course of open source technology
development, which could impact the market appeal of our products as well as our reputation. 

Because of the characteristics of open source
software, there are few technology barriers to entry in the open source market by new competitors and it may be relatively easy for new competitors with greater resources than we have to enter our markets and compete with us. 

One of the characteristics of open source software is that any open source licensee can modify the existing software or develop new
software that competes with existing open source software. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for new competitors with greater resources
than ours to develop their own open source solutions, potentially reducing the demand for, and putting price pressure on, our solutions. In addition, some competitors make their open source software available for free download and use, or may
position their open source software as a loss leader. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure and/or the availability of open source software will not
result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss of market share, any one of which could seriously harm our business. 

If our
customers do not renew their maintenance and subscription agreements with us, our operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Our customers may elect not to renew their maintenance and subscriptions for our service after expiration of their agreements. In addition, our customers may opt for a lower priced service option. Our
customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. Renewal rates may also decline as
a result of elections by customers to use our products on an unsupported basis. If we experience a decline in the renewal rates for our customers or they opt for a lower priced service option or fewer subscriptions, our operating results may be
adversely impacted. 

Uncertain economic conditions and reductions in IT spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

In the past, unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions have resulted in reduced global IT
spending rates that have adversely affected the markets in which we do business. While the economy has shown signs of improvement, there has been renewed concern about the strength and sustainability of a recovery, particularly given recent events
in Europe, which has been impacted by the risk of sovereign debt defaults in certain European Union countries. Accordingly, current and/or future weakness in the United States economy and/or in the economies of the other geographic regions in which
we operate could have a negative impact on our revenues and operating results. While we are unable to accurately predict changes in general economic conditions and how the current global financial and market conditions will affect global IT spending
rates, we believe that there is always the potential for a slowdown in global IT spending. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased price competition. Any of
these events would likely harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We may not be able to successfully compete in a
challenging market for infrastructure software services. 

The industries in which we compete are highly competitive, and
customer requirements evolve rapidly. We expect competition to continue to increase both from existing competitors and from new market entrants. Our SMOP competitors include, but are not limited to, Microsoft, IBM, Oracle, HP, Symantec, BMC, VMware,
CA, Citrix Systems, Inc., and Red Hat. Our primary competitors for CS include, but are not limited to, Microsoft, IBM, and Google. Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. We believe that
competitive factors common to both of our segments include: 

•

 the pricing of products and services as well as pricing strategies; 

•

 the availability of open source or free-ware alternatives; 

•

 the timing and market acceptance of new products; 

•

 brand and product awareness; 

•

 the performance, reliability and security of products; 

•

 the ability to preserve an existing customer base; 

•

 the ability to compete in a consolidating industry; 

•

 the impact of current macroeconomic conditions; 

•

 the ability to establish and maintain key strategic relationships with distributors, resellers, and other partners; and

•

 the ability to attract and retain highly qualified development, services, and managerial personnel. 

19 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Our inability to maintain a strong brand could impact our future success. 

We believe that the future success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand, and expand brand awareness
into emerging strategic markets. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand, we may not be able to expand our customer base or attract talented employees, and our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and
adversely affected. 

Our inability to meet customer demand for technical support services could adversely affect our customer
relationships. 

We offer technical support services with many of our products. There may be situations where we are unable
to respond adequately to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by our competitors. Any
failure to maintain adequate customer support could cause customer dissatisfaction, result in reduced sales of products and reductions in the renewals of software maintenance and support agreements, and, accordingly, have a material adverse affect
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our professional services clients may cancel or reduce the scope of their
engagements with us on short notice. 

If our clients cancel or reduce the scope of a professional services engagement, we
may be unable to reassign our professionals to new engagements without delay. Because these expenses are relatively fixed, and because we establish the levels of these expenses well in advance of any particular quarter, cancellations or reductions
in the scope of client engagements could result in the under-utilization of our professional services employees, leading to reduced profitability. 

We are vulnerable to system failures, which could harm our reputation and business. 

Although we have outsourced much of our internal IT services, we are still vulnerable to system failures. We rely on our technology infrastructure and outsourcing partner, among other functions, to sell
our products and services, support our partners, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer
intrusions and viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks and other events. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient to address every eventuality. Our systems are also subject to
break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism by internal employees, contractors and third-parties. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services, which could harm
our reputation, business and financial condition. We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from interruptions in our services as a result of system failures or to cover all
contingencies. 

The success of our acquisitions is dependent on our ability to integrate personnel, operations, and technology, and if we
are not successful, our financial and operating results may be adversely affected. 

Achieving the benefits of acquisitions
depends on the successful integration of personnel, operations and technology. The integration of acquisitions is subject to risks and requires significant expenditure of time and resources. During fiscal 2009, we made two acquisitions. The most
recent acquisition was completed in February 2009. The challenges involved in integrating acquisitions include the following: 

•

 obtaining synergies from the companies’ organizations and service and product offerings effectively and quickly; 

•

 bringing together marketing efforts so that the market receives useful information about the combined companies and their products;

•

 coordinating sales efforts so that customers can do business easily with the combined companies; 

•

 integrating product offerings, technology, back office, human resources, and accounting and financial systems; 

•

 assimilating employees with diverse corporate cultural backgrounds into a common business culture revolving around our corporate strategy; and

•

 retaining key officers and employees who possess the necessary skills and experience to quickly and effectively transition and integrate the
businesses. 

20 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Failure to effectively and timely complete the integration of acquisitions could
materially harm the business and operating results of the combined companies. Furthermore, we may assume significant liabilities in connection with acquisitions and/or incur substantial accounting charges for restructuring and related expenses, the
write-off of purchased in-process research and development, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, and stock-based compensation expense. Using our cash for acquisitions may prevent us from pursuing other business opportunities. For example,
during fiscal 2009 it was determined that $270.0 million of our goodwill, and $5.7 million of PlateSpin’s and $3.4 million of Managed Objects’ developed technology and customer relationship intangible assets were impaired. 

The consolidation of our industry may adversely affect our acquisition program. 

We believe that the software industry will continue to undergo considerable consolidation and changes during the next several years. This
consolidation could increase the competition we face to acquire businesses and increase the prices we must pay for the businesses that we acquire. In response to this consolidation, we consider from time to time additional strategies to enhance
stockholder value. In considering various strategies, we evaluate the consequences, including, among other things, the implications to our liquidity and capital structure, tax effects and accounting consequences, any of which could have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition. 

The risks associated with conducting a global business could adversely affect our results.

We are a global corporation with subsidiaries, offices and employees around the world and, as such, we face certain risks
in doing business abroad that we do not face domestically. Risks inherent in transacting business internationally could negatively impact our operating results, including: 

•

 costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 local political and economic conditions; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences, including restrictions on repatriating earnings and the threat of “double taxation”; and

•

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which can affect demand, increase our costs and affect our net income.

Increasing our foreign research and development operations exposes us to risks that are beyond our
control and could affect our ability to operate successfully. 

In order to enhance the cost-effectiveness of our
operations, we have shifted portions of our research and development operations to jurisdictions outside of the United States. The transition of even a portion of our research and development operations to a foreign country involves a number of
logistical and technical challenges that could result in product development delays and operational interruptions, which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business. We may encounter complications associated with the set-up,
migration and operation of business systems and equipment in expanded or new facilities. This could result in delays in our research and development efforts and otherwise disrupt our operations. If such delays or disruptions occur, they could damage
our reputation and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We cannot be certain
that any shifts in our operations to offshore jurisdictions will ultimately produce sustained cost savings. We cannot predict the extent of government support, availability of qualified workers, future labor rates, or monetary and economic
conditions in any offshore location where we may operate. 

The relocation of labor resources may have a negative impact on our
existing employees, which could negatively impact our operations. In addition, we will likely be faced with competition in these offshore markets for qualified personnel, including skilled design and technical personnel, and we expect this
competition to increase as other companies expand their operations offshore. If the supply of qualified personnel becomes limited due to increased competition or otherwise, it could increase our costs and employee turnover rates. 

21 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel because of the intense competition for
qualified personnel in the software industry. Furthermore, the loss of certain key individuals could adversely affect our performance and could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

Our ability to maintain and enhance our competitive technological position depends, in large part, on our ability to
attract and retain highly qualified development, services, and managerial personnel. Furthermore, our future success depends on the services and effectiveness of a number of key officers and employees, including our CEO. Competition for personnel of
the highest caliber is intense in the software industry. The loss of the technical knowledge and industry expertise of certain key individuals could seriously impede our success. Moreover, the loss of these individuals, particularly to a competitor,
some of which may be in a position to offer greater compensation, and any resulting loss of customers or market confidence could reduce our market share, diminish our brand and adversely affect our business. Key personnel may also depart for a
variety of reasons relating to our merger with Attachmate, including perceived uncertainty as to the effect of the merger on their employment, and this uncertainty may impact our ability to attract qualified replacement candidates. If we do not
succeed in retaining and motivating our key employees, and attracting new key personnel, our business, its financial performance and our stock price may decline. 

If third parties claim that we infringed their intellectual property, our ability to use some technologies and products could be limited and we may incur significant costs to resolve these claims.

Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is common in the software industry. We have from time to time received
letters or been the subject of claims suggesting that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, we have faced and expect to continue to face from time to time disputes over rights and obligations concerning
intellectual property, including with respect to third party proprietary and open source components. The cost and time of defending ourselves can be significant. If an infringement claim is successful, we and our customers may be required to obtain
one or more licenses from third parties, and we may be obligated to pay or reimburse our customers for monetary damages. In such instances, we or our customers may not be able to obtain necessary licenses from third parties at a reasonable cost or
at all, and may face delays in product shipment while developing or arranging for alternative technologies, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

In the event claims for indemnification are brought for intellectual property infringement, we could incur significant expenses, thereby adversely affecting our operating results. 

We indemnify customers against certain claims that our products, including open source components thereof, infringe the intellectual
property rights of others. Although indemnification programs for proprietary software are common in our industry, indemnification programs that cover open source software are less so. In the event that we are required to indemnify our customers
against claims for intellectual property infringement, we could incur significant expense reimbursing customers for their legal costs and, in the event those claims are successful, for damages. 

We may not be able to protect our confidential information, and this could adversely affect our business. 

We generally enter into contractual relationships with our employees and third parties to protect our confidential information. The
misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could harm our business. In addition, we may not be able to timely detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property and take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. In the
event we are unable to enforce these contractual obligations and our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 

We must continue to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting in order to satisfy the requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), which requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public
accounting firm addressing this assessment. During the course of our documentation and testing we may identify deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadlines imposed by Section 404 for continuing compliance with
the requirements of Section 404. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we and/or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be
able to conclude at each fiscal year-end that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. In addition, we may incur increased costs in order to address the requirements of Section 404. The
extent and timing of incurrence of any such costs is difficult to predict. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to
helping prevent financial fraud. If, in any year, we and/or our independent registered public accounting firm cannot attest that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, our business and
operating results could be harmed and result in a negative market reaction. 

22 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Our financial and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which may cause the price
of our common stock to decline. 

Our financial and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a
variety of factors including, but not limited to: 

•

 the timing of orders from customers and shipments to customers; 

•

 the decisions of our current and future customers not to renew their subscription agreements with us; 

•

 the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the price of our products in international locations; 

•

 the inability to respond to the decline in revenue through the distribution channel; and 

•

 the inability to deliver products that are satisfactory to our customers and distribution partners. 

In addition, we often experience a higher volume of revenue at the end of each quarter. Because of this, fixed costs that are not
appropriate for prevailing revenue levels may not be detected until late in any given quarter and operating results could be adversely affected. Due to these factors or other unanticipated events, our financial and operating results in any one
quarter may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance. 

If our goodwill or intangible assets become further impaired, we may be
required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review our
intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, we must make assumptions
regarding recoverability of costs, estimated future cash flows from the asset, intended use of the asset and other related factors. Fair values are estimated using the combination of a discounted cash flow methodology and a market analysis and
weighting the results. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in stock price and market capitalization,
reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is
determined, negatively impacting our operating results. For example, during fiscal 2009 we were required to record an impairment charge of $270.0 million on our goodwill. For more information on this goodwill impairment charge, see Part II,
Item 8, Note K, “Goodwill and Intangible Assets” in the consolidated financial statements. 

Changes to the
estimates used in the analysis, including estimated future cash flows, could cause either of our business unit segments or our indefinite-lived intangibles to be valued differently in future periods. It is at least reasonably possible that future
analyses could result in additional material non-cash goodwill impairment charges. 

Because we recognize revenue from maintenance and
subscriptions over the term of the agreements, downturns or upturns in sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 

We recognize maintenance and subscription revenue from customers ratably over the term of their agreements, which are generally one to three years. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each
quarter is deferred revenue from maintenance and subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in maintenance and/or subscriptions sales in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reflected in the
revenue in that quarter and will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market
acceptance of our products may not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. Our maintenance and subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as
revenue from new customers must be recognized over the term of the applicable agreement. 

We may experience risks in our investments due to
changes in the market, which could adversely affect the value or liquidity of our investments. 

At October 31, 2010,
we had $1.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities that may include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, money market
funds and government debt securities. These available-for-sale investments are subject to interest rate risk, credit risk, general market risk, and currency risk and may decline in value. 

23 

Table of Contents

NOVELL, INC. 

RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Our investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, currency and interest
rate risks. As a result, we may experience reductions in value or loss of liquidity of our investments. In addition, should any investment cease paying or reduce the amount of interest paid to us, our interest income would suffer. These market risks
associated with our investment portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We have real estate lease commitments for unoccupied space and restoration obligations, and if we are unable to sublet this space on acceptable terms our operating results and financial condition could
be adversely affected. 

We are party to real estate leases worldwide for a total of approximately 692,000 square feet. At
October 31, 2010, we actively utilized approximately 93% of this space, or 647,000 square feet. We own 995,000 square feet of office space. At October 31, 2010, approximately 26%, or 260,000 square feet of our owned space is currently
unoccupied. Approximately 19%, or 188,000 square feet of the owned space is sublet to third parties. If we are unable to sublet unoccupied space on acceptable terms, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Our stock price may be volatile in the future, and the stock price may decline. 

The market price of our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future.
The market price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 announcements of quarterly operating results and revenue and earnings forecasts by us that fail to meet or be consistent with our earlier
projections or the expectations of our investors or securities analysts; 

•

 announcements by either our competitors or our customers that fail to meet or be consistent with their earlier projections or the expectations of
our investors or securities analysts; 

•

 rumors, announcements, or press articles regarding our, or our competitors’ operations, management, organization, financial condition, or
financial statements; 

•

 changes in revenue and earnings estimates by us, our investors, or securities analysts; 

•

 accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets or other assets; 

•

 announcements of planned acquisitions or dispositions by us or by our competitors; 

•

 announcements of new or planned products by us, our competitors, or our customers; 

•

 gain or loss of a significant customer or partner; 

•

 the inception of, or material developments in relation to, litigation initiated by us or brought against us; 

•

 inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement, or other regulatory bodies; 

•

 acts of terrorism, the threat of war, and other crises or emergency situations; 

•

 economic slowdowns or the perception of an oncoming economic slowdown in any of the major markets in which we operate; and

•

 a delay in consummating, or a failure to consummate, the merger with Attachmate. 

The stock market in general, and the market prices of stocks of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
volatility that has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the market price of our common stock.