Our NetWare revenue stream continues to deteriorate.

We have been selling and upgrading NetWare for many years, sales
of which have been declining. Our strategy is to offset these
declines by sales of our next generation of NetWare
enterprise-ready operating system and services, Open Enterprise
Server, which gives customers the opportunity to choose between
a NetWare operating system and a Linux operating system,
providing NetWare customers a means to migrate to Linux and open
source solutions. However, NetWare and OES combined license and
maintenance revenue of our business declined by
$21.4 million in fiscal 2005, excluding the impact of
favorable foreign exchange rates. If our strategy is
unsuccessful, our NetWare and OES revenue stream will
deteriorate faster than the growth of revenue streams from our
other products.

 If our identity-driven computing solutions and Linux and
 platform services solutions do not grow at the rate we
 anticipate, our growth will be negatively impacted.

Our product strategy focuses on two specific areas:
identity-driven computing solutions, and Linux and platform
services solutions with a specific emphasis on open source
platforms. We have focused on these offerings because we believe
that identity-driven solutions and open source platforms are two
of the fastest growing segments in our industry, and we believe
that they represent the best opportunity for us to profitably
grow our revenue. Our ability to achieve success with this
strategy is dependent on a number of factors including, but not
limited to, the following:

• 

 the growth of these markets;

• 

 our development of key product solutions and upgrades;

• 

 the acceptance of our solutions by clients, particularly
 enterprise companies, large industry partners and major accounts;

• 

 enticing customers to upgrade from older versions of our
 products to newer versions; and

• 

 successfully selling technical support and other Novell
 solutions along with our products.

 We may not be able to successfully compete in a challenging
 market for computer software and consulting services.

The industries we compete in are highly competitive. We expect
competition to continue to increase both from existing
competitors and new market entrants. Competitors of our
identity-driven computing solutions and Linux and platform
services solutions include Microsoft, IBM, Sun, HP, Altiris,
Oracle, LANDesk, and

 14

Novell annual report 2005

Table of Contents

Computer Associates. Our primary competitor in the North America
Linux market is Red Hat. Competitors of our global services and
support group include IBM, Accenture, HP, CSC and Capgemini.
Competitors of our Celerant consulting segment include A.T.
Kearney, McKinsey & Co., IBM Global Services,
Capgemini, and The Management Consulting Group. Many of our
competitors have greater financial, technical and marketing
resources than we have. We believe that competitive factors
common to all of our segments include:

• 

 the pricing of our products and services and the pricing
 strategies of our competitors;

• 

 the timing and market acceptance of new solutions developed by
 us and our competitors;

• 

 brand and product awareness;

• 

 the performance, reliability and security of our products;

• 

 the ability to preserve our legacy customer base;

• 

 our ability to establish and maintain key strategic
 relationships with distributors, resellers and other
 partners; and

• 

 our ability to attract and retain highly qualified development,
 consulting and managerial personnel.

 If third parties claim that we infringed upon their
 intellectual property, our ability to use some technologies and
 products could be limited and we may incur significant costs to
 resolve these claims.

Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is common in
the software industry. We have from time to time received
letters or been the subject of claims suggesting that we are
infringing upon the intellectual rights of others. In addition,
we have faced and expect to continue to face from time to time
disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual
property. The cost and time of defending ourselves can be
significant. If an infringement claim is successful, we and our
customers may be required to obtain one or more licenses from
third parties, and we may be obligated to pay or reimburse our
customers for monetary damages. In such instances, we or our
customers may not be able to obtain necessary licenses from
third parties at a reasonable cost or at all, and may face
delays in product shipment while developing or arranging for
alternative technologies, which could adversely affect our
operating results.

 In the event claims for indemnification are brought for
 intellectual property infringement, we could incur significant
 expenses, thereby adversely affecting our results of
 operations.

We indemnify customers against certain claims that our products
infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.
Additionally, under our Novell Linux Indemnification Program, we
offer indemnification for copyright infringement claims made by
third parties against registered Novell customers who obtain
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 8, SUSE Linux Enterprise
Server 9, SUSE Linux Retail Solution, and Novell Linux
Desktop, and who, after January 12, 2004, obtain upgrade
protection and a qualifying technical support contract from us
or a participating channel partner. Although indemnification
programs for proprietary software are common in our industry,
indemnification programs that cover open source software are
not. For example, SCO has brought claims against two end users
of Linux and has threatened to bring claims against other end
users of Linux arising out of the facts alleged in SCO’s
lawsuit against IBM and in SCO’s public statements. In the
event that claims for indemnification are brought for
intellectual property infringement, we could incur significant
expense reimbursing customers for their legal costs and, in the
event those claims are successful, for damages.

 Novell annual report 2005

15

Table of Contents

Legal actions being taken by SCO could adversely affect our
revenue and business plan if these legal actions cause a
reduction in demand for our SUSE Linux and
Ximian®
products.

SCO filed a legal action in March 2003 against IBM alleging,
among other things, that Linux is an unauthorized derivative of
UNIX and that portions of UNIX intellectual property that SCO
alleges it owns have been included in the Linux operating system
without authorization. In addition, SCO has warned that legal
liability for the use of Linux may extend to commercial users,
has threatened users with litigation and sought licensing fees
from them, and more recently has filed Linux related suits
against other parties. As discussed below, SCO has sued Novell
for slander of title relating to disputes about whether Novell
or SCO owns the copyrights to UNIX, on which some of SCO’s
Linux-related claims depend. It is possible that SCO’s
actions may reduce general demand for Linux and Linux related
products and services. In this event, demand for our Linux (or
open source) products and services could decrease, thereby
reducing revenue, and would otherwise adversely affect our
business since we have made a strategic decision to become
active in the Linux market.

A lawsuit filed against us by SCO could result in a
substantial judgment against us and adversely affect our revenue
and business plan if they are successful.

In January 2004, SCO filed suit against us in the Third Judicial
District Court of Salt Lake County, State of Utah. We removed
the claim to the U.S. District Court, District of Utah.
SCO’s original complaint alleged that our public statements
and filings regarding the ownership of the copyrights in UNIX
and UnixWare have harmed SCO’s business reputation and
affected its efforts to protect its ownership interest in UNIX
and UnixWare. The District Court dismissed the original
complaint, but allowed SCO an opportunity to file an amended
complaint, which SCO did in July 2004. As with the original
complaint, SCO is again seeking to require us to assign all
copyrights that we have registered in UNIX and UnixWare to SCO,
to prevent us from representing that we have any ownership
interest in the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights and to require us
to withdraw all representations we have made regarding our
ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights and to pay actual,
special and punitive damages in an amount to be proven at trial.
Our revenue and business plan could be adversely affected if SCO
is ultimately successful.

We have experienced delays in the introduction of new
products due to various factors, resulting in lost revenue.

We have in the past experienced delays in the introduction of
new products due to a number of factors, including the
complexity of software products, the need for extensive testing
of software to ensure compatibility of new releases with a wide
variety of application software and hardware devices, the need
to “debug” products prior to extensive distribution,
and with regard to our open-source products, our increasing
reliance on the work of third parties not employed by Novell.
Additionally, our open source offerings depend to a large extent
on the efforts of developers not employed by us for the creation
and update of open source technologies. For example, Linus
Torvalds, the original developer of the Linux kernel, and a
small group of engineers, many of whom are not employed by us,
are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of
the Linux kernel that is a key component of our Open Enterprise
Server offering. The timing and nature of new releases of the
Linux kernel are controlled by these third parties. Delays in
developing, completing, or shipping new or enhanced products
could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those products
and could adversely impact customer acceptance of those
offerings.

We benefit from the open source contributions of third-party
programmers and corporations, and if they cease to make these
contributions, our product strategy could be adversely
affected.

Our open source offerings depend to a large extent on the
efforts of developers not employed by us for the creation and
update of open source technologies. Also, we and many other
corporations contribute software into the open source movement.
If key members, or a significant percentage, of this group of
developers or

 16

Novell annual report 2005

Table of Contents

corporations decides to cease development of the Linux kernel or
other open source applications, we would have to either rely on
another party (or parties) to develop these technologies,
develop them ourselves or adapt our product strategy
accordingly. This could increase our development expenses, delay
our product releases and upgrades or adversely impact customer
acceptance of open source offerings.

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel
because of the intense competition for qualified personnel in
the computer and consulting industries.

Our ability to maintain our competitive technological position
depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain
highly qualified development, consulting, and managerial
personnel. Competition for personnel of the highest caliber is
intense in the software and consulting industries. The loss of
certain key individuals, or a significant group of key
personnel, would adversely affect our performance. The failure
to successfully hire suitable replacements in a timely manner
could have a material adverse effect on our business.

If our relationships with other IT services organizations
become impaired we could lose business.

We maintain relationships with IT services organizations that
recommend, design and implement solutions that include our
products for their customers’ businesses. Any of these
organizations could decide at any time to not continue to do
business with us or to not recommend our products. A change in
the willingness of these IT service organizations to do business
with us or recommend our products could result in lower revenue.

The success of our acquisitions is dependent on our ability
to integrate personnel, operations and technology, and if we are
not successful, our revenue will not grow at the rate we
anticipate.

Achieving the benefits of acquisitions will depend in part on
the successful integration of personnel, operations and
technology. The integration of acquisitions will be subject to
risks and will require significant expenditure of time and
resources. The challenges involved in integrating acquisitions
include the following:

• 

 obtaining synergies from the companies’ organizations;

• 

 obtaining synergies from the companies’ service and product
 offerings effectively and quickly;

• 

 bringing together marketing efforts so that the market receives
 useful information about the combined companies and their
 products;

• 

 coordinating sales efforts so that customers can do business
 easily with the combined companies;

• 

 integrating product offerings, technology, back office, human
 resources, accounting and financial systems;

• 

 assimilating employees who come from diverse corporate cultural
 backgrounds into a common business culture revolving around our
 solutions offerings; and

• 

 retaining key officers and employees who possess the necessary
 skills and experience to quickly and effectively transition and
 integrate the businesses.

Failure to effectively and timely complete the integration of
acquisitions could materially harm the business and operating
results of the combined companies. In addition, goodwill related
to any acquisitions could become impaired. Furthermore, we may
assume significant liabilities in connection with acquisitions
we make or become responsible for liabilities of the acquired
businesses.

 Novell annual report 2005

17

Table of Contents

Our financial and operating results may vary and may fall
below analysts’ estimates, which may cause the price of our
common stock to decline.

We currently provide estimates of our revenue and earnings per
share for only the upcoming quarter, and the first quarter of
fiscal 2006 is the first time where we have provided such
guidance in several years. Our operating results may fluctuate
from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors including,
but not limited to:

• 

 timing of orders from customers and shipments to customers;

• 

 impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the price of our
 products in international locations;

• 

 inability to respond to the decline in revenue through the
 distribution channel;

• 

 inability to deliver solutions as expected by our customers and
 systems integration partners.

In addition, we often experience a higher volume of revenue at
the end of each quarter and during the fourth quarter of our
fiscal year. Because of this, fixed costs that are out of line
with revenue levels may not be detected until late in any given
quarter and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Due to these factors or other unanticipated events,
quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of our operating results may not be reliable
indicators of our future performance. In addition, from time to
time our quarterly financial results may fall below the
expectations of the securities and industry analysts who publish
reports on our company, or of investors generally. This could
cause the market price of our securities to decline, perhaps
significantly.

We face increased risks in conducting a global business.

We are a global corporation with subsidiaries, offices and
employees around the world and, as such, we face risks in doing
business abroad that we do not face domestically. Certain
aspects inherent in transacting business internationally could
negatively impact our operating results, including:

• 

 costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international
 operations;

• 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

• 

 tariffs and other trade barriers;

• 

 difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property
 rights;

• 

 longer payment cycles;

• 

 local political and economic conditions;

• 

 potentially adverse tax consequences, including restrictions on
 repatriating earnings and the threat of “double
 taxation”; and

• 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which can affect demand
 and increase our costs.

We may not be able to protect our confidential information,
and this could adversely affect our business.

We generally enter into contractual relationships with our
employees that protect our confidential information. The
misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary
information could seriously harm our business. In addition, we
may not be able to timely detect unauthorized use of our
intellectual property and take appropriate steps to enforce our
rights. In the event we are unable to enforce these contractual
obligations and our intellectual property rights, our business
could be adversely affected.

 18

Novell annual report 2005

Table of Contents

Some of our short-term, long-term, and venture capital fund
investments have become impaired and additional investments
could become impaired.

Our investment portfolio includes investments in public equity
securities, small capitalization stocks in the high-technology
industry sector, private companies, and funds managed by venture
capitalists. Many of these investments might become
other-than-temporarily impaired. During our fiscal years ended
October 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, we recorded impairment
charges of $3.4 million, $5.4 million and
$34.7 million, respectively, related to some of the
investments in our portfolio that experienced an
other-than-temporary decline in market value. If the funds in
which we have invested suffer poor financial performance, or if
the private companies in which we have invested are not
successfully acquired or undertake initial public offerings, the
value of our investments may decrease further.

Our consulting services contracts contain pricing risks and,
if our estimates prove inaccurate, we could lose money.

Our IT and Celerant consulting businesses derive a portion of
their revenue from fixed-price, fixed-time contracts. Because of
the complex nature of the services provided, it is sometimes
difficult to accurately estimate the cost, scope and duration of
particular client engagements. If we do not accurately estimate
the resources required for a project, do not accurately assess
the scope of work associated with a project, do not manage the
project properly, or do not satisfy our obligations in a manner
consistent with the contract, then our costs to complete the
project could increase substantially. We have occasionally had
to commit unanticipated additional resources to complete
projects, and may have to take similar action in the future. We
may not be compensated for these additional costs or the
commitment of these additional resources. Additionally, our
Celerant consulting business derives revenue from projects
priced on a contingency basis. If results are not met, or if a
dispute arises, we may not be able to realize a proportion of
the overall fee, which is dependent on project achievements.

Our IT and Celerant consulting clients may cancel or reduce
the scope of their engagements with us on short notice.

If our clients cancel or reduce the scope of an engagement with
our IT or Celerant consulting businesses, we may be unable to
reassign our professionals to new engagements without delay.
Personnel and related costs constitute a substantial portion of
our operating expenses. Because these expenses are relatively
fixed, and because we establish the levels of these expenses
well in advance of any particular quarter, cancellations or
reductions in the scope of client engagements could result in
the under-utilization of our professional services employees,
causing significant reductions in operating results for a
particular quarter.

Conversion of the Debentures into shares of our common stock
will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders.

The conversion of some or all of the Debentures into shares of
common stock will dilute the ownership interest of existing
common stockholders. Any large volume sales in the public market
of the common stock issued upon such conversion could adversely
affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In
addition, the existence of the Debentures may encourage short
selling by market participants because the conversion of the
Debentures could depress the price of our common stock.