We are
 subject to significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating and environmental matters.

Railroads are subject to the enactment of laws by Congress that could increase economic regulation of the industry.

Railroads presently 
are subject to commercial regulation by the STB, which has jurisdiction over some rates
,
 routes, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, and the extension or abandonment of rail lines.

The STB also has jurisdiction over 
the 
c
onsolidation, merger, or acqui
sition

of control of and by
 rail common carriers.

Additional economic regulation of the rail industry by Congre

ss or the STB, whether under new or existing laws, could have a significant negative impact on 
our
 ability to determine prices for rail services
 and result in a material adverse effect in the future on 
our
 financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.

This potential material adverse effect could also result in reduced capital spending on 
our
 rail network
 or abandonment of lines.

Railroads are subject to safet
y and security regulation by
 DOT and DHS, which regulate most aspects of 
our
 operations.

Compliance with the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 will result in additional operating costs associated 
with the statutorily mandated implementation of positive train control by 2015.

In addition to increased capital expenditures, implementation may result in reduced operational efficiency and service levels, as well as increased compensation and benefits e
xpenses, and increased claims and litigation costs.

Our
 operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handlin
g, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases.

The risk of incurring environmental liability 
–
 for acts and omissions, past, present, and future 
–
 is inherent in the rail
road business.

This risk includes property owned by 
us
, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including 
our 
railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or 
our 
past and present tenants.

Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and 
we
 could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time,

K
13

with respect to one or more of these