,” of this Form 10-K.

For further financial information on the Analog reportable segment, as well as geographic information, refer to the information contained in Note 16, “Segment and Geographic Information,” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.

Marketing and Sales

We market our products globally to OEMs and original design manufacturers (ODMs) through a direct sales force. Some of our major OEMs include:

 •

 Apple

 •

 Motorola

 •

 Samsung

 •

 Finisar

 •

 Nokia

 •

 Sharp

 •

 General Dynamics

 •

 Nokia Siemens Network

 •

 Siemens

 •

 LG Electronics

 •

 Research in Motion Ltd

 •

 Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications

 •

 L.M. Ericsson

 •

 Robert Bosch

 •

 Triquint

It is becoming increasingly common in the technology industry for OEMs to use contract manufacturers to build their products and ODMs to design and build products. As a result, our design wins with major OEMs, particularly in the computing and cellular phone markets, can ultimately result in sales to a third party contract manufacturer or ODM.

In addition to our direct sales force, we use distributors in our four geographic business regions, and approximately 53 percent of our fiscal 2009 net sales were made to distributors. In line with industry practices, we generally credit distributors for the effect of price reductions on their inventory of our products and, under specific conditions, we repurchase products that we have
 discontinued. Distributors do not have the right to return product except under customary warranty provisions. The programs we offer to our distributors include the following:

 •

 Allowances involving pricing and volume.

We refer to this as the “contract sales debit” program.

 •

 Allowances for inventory scrap.

We refer to this as the “scrap allowance” program.

Under the contract sales debit program, products are sold to distributors at standard prices published in price books that are broadly provided to our various distributors. Distributors are required to pay for this product within our

Page 8 of 98

standard commercial terms. After the initial purchase of the product, the distributor has the opportunity to request a price allowance for a particular part number depending on the current market conditions for that specific part as well as volume considerations. This request is made prior to the distributor reselling the part. Once we have approved an allowance to the distributor, the distributor
 proceeds with the resale of the product and credits are issued to the distributor in accordance with the specific allowance that we approved. Periodically, we issue new distributor price books. For those parts for which the standard prices have been reduced, we provide an immediate credit to distributors for inventory quantities they have on hand.

Under the scrap allowance program, certain distributors are given a contractually defined allowance to cover the cost of any scrap they might incur. The amount of the allowance is specifically agreed upon with each distributor.

Our regional facilities in the United States, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific handle local customer support. These customer support centers respond to inquiries on product pricing and availability, pre-sale customer technical support requests, order entry and scheduling, and post-sale support under our product warranty provisions. The technical support provided to our customers
 consists of marketing activities that occur prior to sale of product to our customers and for which we have no contractual obligation and no fees are charged. Technical support consists primarily of aiding customers in product selection and answering questions about our products.

We augment our sales effort with application engineers based in the field. These engineers are specialists in various aspects of our product portfolio and work with customers to identify and design our integrated circuits into customers’ products and applications. These engineers also help identify emerging markets for new products and are supported by our design centers in the
 field or at manufacturing sites.

We also provide web-based, on-line tools that allow customers and potential customers to select our devices, create a design using our parts, and simulate performance of that design.

Customers

Our top ten customers combined represented approximately 60 percent of total accounts receivable at May 31, 2009 and approximately 58 percent at May 25, 2008.

 Net sales to major customers as a percentage of total net sales were as follows:

 2009

 2008

 2007

 Distributor:

 Avnet

 15%

 15%

 14%

 Arrow

 13%

 12%

 13%

 OEM:

 Nokia

 *

 11%

 *

* less than 10%

Although we do not have any other customers with sales greater than 10 percent, we do have several other large OEM customers that manufacture and market wireless handsets and other electronic products. These customers typically purchase a range of different products from us. If any one of these customers were to cease purchasing products from us within a very short timeframe, such as
 within one quarter, it could have a negative impact on our financial results for that period.

Backlog

In accordance with industry practice, we frequently revise semiconductor backlog quantities and shipment schedules under outstanding purchase orders to reflect changes in customer needs. We rarely formally enforce binding agreements for the sale of specific quantities at specific prices that are contractually subject to price or quantity revisions, consistent with industry practice. For these reasons, we
 believe it would not be meaningful to disclose the amount of backlog at any particular date.

Seasonality

Page 9 of 98

We are affected by the seasonal trends in the semiconductor and related industries. We typically experience sequentially lower sales in our first and third fiscal quarters, primarily due to customer vacation and holiday schedules. Sales usually reach a seasonal peak in our fourth fiscal quarter. Due to the significant deterioration in the global business environment, this typical seasonal trend did not
 occur during fiscal 2009. Instead, we saw sales in each quarter beginning with the second quarter of fiscal 2009 decline sequentially compared to the prior quarter.

Manufacturing

The design of semiconductor and integrated circuit products is shaped by general market needs and customer requirements. Following product design and development, we generally produce integrated circuits in the following steps:

 •

 Wafer Fabrication.

Product designs are compiled and digitized by state of the art design equipment and then transferred to silicon wafers in a series of complex precision processes that include oxidation, lithography, chemical etching, diffusion, deposition, implantation and metallization.

 •

 Wafer Sort.

The silicon wafers are tested and separated into individual circuit devices.

 •

 Product Assembly.

Tiny wires are used to connect the electronic circuits on the device to the stronger metal leads of the package in which the device is encapsulated for protection.

 •

 Final Test.

The devices are subjected to a series of rigorous tests using computerized circuit testers and, for certain applications, environmental testers such as burn-in ovens, centrifuges, temperature cycle or moisture resistance testers, salt atmosphere testers and thermal shock testers.

 •

 Coating.

Certain devices in the analog portfolio are designed to be used without traditional packaging. In this case, the integrated circuit is coated with a protective material to allow mounting directly onto a circuit board.

            Our product line business units are supported by our global manufacturing infrastructure. We have developed a number of proprietary manufacturing processes and packaging technologies to support our broad portfolio of analog products. Substantially all of our products are manufactured in our three wafer fabrication facilities in Maine,
 Texas and Scotland. Assembly and test are performed primarily at our facilities in Malaysia and China. In March 2009, we announced the eventual closure of our wafer fabrication facility in Texas and our assembly and test plant in China. The closure of these manufacturing facilities will occur over the next 12-18 months and their production volume will be consolidated into our remaining manufacturing facilities in Maine, Scotland and Malaysia. At times and as needed, we outsource certain
 manufacturing functions to address capacity and other economic issues.

Our wafer manufacturing processes include Bipolar, Metal Oxide Silicon, Complementary Metal Oxide Silicon and Bipolar Complementary Metal Oxide Silicon technologies, including Silicon Germanium. Our efforts are heavily focused on proprietary processes that support our analog portfolio of products, which address wireless handsets, other personal mobile devices and a broad variety of
 other electronic applications. The feature size of the individual transistors on a chip is measured in microns; one micron equals one millionth of a meter. As products decrease in size and increase in functionality, our wafer fabrication facilities must be able to manufacture integrated circuits with sub-micron circuit pattern widths. This precision fabrication carries over to assembly and test operations, where advanced packaging technology and comprehensive testing are required to
 address the ever increasing performance and complexity embedded in integrated circuits.

Raw Materials

Our manufacturing processes use certain key raw materials critical to our products. These include silicon wafers, certain chemicals and gases, ceramic and plastic packaging materials and various precious metals. We also rely on subcontractors to supply finished or semi-finished products which we then market through our sales channels. We obtain raw materials and semi-finished or finished products from
 various sources, although the number of sources for any particular material or product is relatively limited. We believe our current supply of essential materials is sufficient to meet our needs. However, shortages have occurred from time to time and could occur again. Significant increases in demand, rapid product mix changes or natural disasters could affect our ability to procure materials or goods.

Research and Development

Our research and development efforts consist of research in metallurgical, electro-mechanical and solid-state sciences, manufacturing process development and product design. Research and development of most process technologies are conducted by our Technology Development Group. Specific product design and development is generally done in our business units. Total research and development expenses were
 $306.0 million for fiscal 2009, or 21 percent of net sales,

Page 10 of 98

compared to $363.0 million for fiscal 2008, or 19 percent of net sales, and $363.7 million for fiscal 2007, or 19 percent of net sales.

The decrease in research and development expenses for fiscal 2009 compared to fiscal 2008 primarily reflects cost savings associated with the cost reduction actions announced in November 2008 and in fiscal 2008 combined with lower annual payroll and employee benefits expenses. Fiscal 2009 expenses also reflect savings from reduced discretionary spending in response to the weakening
 economic environment during the same time frame. Share-based compensation expense included in R&D expense for fiscal 2009 was $24.3 million compared to $27.3 million in fiscal 2008. We are continuing to concentrate our research and development spending on analog products and underlying analog capabilities with particular emphasis on circuits that enable greater energy efficiency. We continue to invest in the development of new analog products that can serve applications in a wide
 variety of end markets such as portable electronics, renewable energy products, communications infrastructure, industrial, medical, and automotive applications. Because of our focus on markets that require or involve greater energy efficiency, a significant portion of our research and development is directed at power management technology.

Patents

We own numerous United States and non-U.S. patents and have many patent applications pending. We consider the development of patents and the maintenance of an active patent program advantageous to the conduct of our business. However, we believe that continued success will depend more on engineering, production, marketing, financial and managerial skills than on our patent program. We license certain of
 our patents to other manufacturers and participate in a number of cross licensing arrangements and agreements with other parties. Each license agreement has unique terms and conditions, with variations as to length of term, royalties payable, permitted uses and scope. The majority of these agreements are cross-licenses in which we grant a broad license to our intellectual property in exchange for receiving a similar corresponding license from the other party, and none are exclusive. The
 amount of income we have received from licensing agreements has varied in the past, and we cannot precisely forecast the amount and timing of future income from licensing agreements. On an overall basis, we believe that no single license agreement is material to us, either in terms of royalty payments due or payable or intellectual property rights granted or received.

Employees

At May 31, 2009, we employed approximately 5,800 people of whom approximately 2,400 were employed in the United States, 600 in Europe, 2,100 in Southeast Asia, 600 in China and 100 in other areas. We believe that our future success depends fundamentally on our ability to recruit and retain skilled technical and professional personnel. Our employees in the United States are not covered by collective
 bargaining agreements. We consider our employee relations worldwide to be favorable.

Competition

Competition in the semiconductor industry is intense. With our focus on high-value analog, our major competitors include Analog Devices, Linear Technology, Maxim Integrated Products and Texas Instruments. In some cases, we may also compete with our customers. Competition is based on design and quality of products, product performance, price and service, with the relative importance of these factors
 varying among products and markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors or that our operating results will not be adversely affected by increased competition.

Environmental Regulations

To date, our compliance with foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations that have been enacted to regulate the environment has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive or financial position. For more information, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” and Note 15, “Commitments and Contingencies” to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements in Item 8. However, we could be subject to fines, suspension of production, alteration of our manufacturing processes or cessation of our operations if we fail to comply with present or future statutes and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, discharge or disposal of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes.

Page 11 of 98



A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations, results or financial condition.

You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and our other filings with the SEC and in materials incorporated by reference in these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that
 apply to companies like National with broad international operations. Like other companies, we are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the United States or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our stock is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, differences in our results of operations from estimates and projections generated by the investment community,
 and other factors beyond our control.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO GENERAL BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Significant deterioration in the global business environment has reduced demand for our products, and our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected.

We have seen significant reductions in new order rates as a result of the current global business environment. As a result of the credit market crisis (including uncertainties with respect to financial institutions and the global capital markets) and other macro-economic challenges currently affecting the economy of the United States and other parts of the world, customers have modified, delayed and
 cancelled plans to purchase our products. It is possible that conditions could get worse. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to us. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. If economic conditions in the United States and other key
 markets deteriorate further or do not show improvement, our business and operating results will continue to be adversely affected.

A large portion of our revenues is dependent on the wireless handset market.

The wireless handset market (including smart phones) is a significant source of our overall sales. Global economic difficulties have resulted in a slowdown in the sales of handsets and have adversely affected our revenues and profitability. Prolonged or continuing reductions in handset sales will adversely impact our revenues and profitability. We continue to develop new products to address new features
 and functionality in handsets, such as advanced color displays, advanced audio, lighting features and battery management that can adequately handle the demands of these advanced features. Due to high levels of competition, as well as complex technological requirements, we cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in this targeted market. Although the worldwide handset market is large, future trends and other variables are difficult to predict and, as noted, shipments have
 declined recently as a result of the global economic difficulties. Since the wireless handset market is a consumer-driven market, changes in the economy that affect consumer demand can adversely affect our business and operating results.

Conditions inherent in the semiconductor industry may cause periodic fluctuations in our operating results.

Rapid technological change and frequent introduction of new technology leading to more complex and integrated products characterize the semiconductor industry. The result is a cyclical environment with potentially short product life cycles, characterized by significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Substantial capital and R&D investment are required to support products and
 manufacturing processes in the semiconductor industry, which amplify the effect of this cyclicality although less capital investment is needed for analog products than for many other semiconductor products. As a result of this environment, we may experience rapid and significant fluctuations in our operating results. Market shifts in product mix toward or away from higher margin products, including analog products, may also have a significant impact on our operating results.

Page 12 of 98

Our business will be harmed if we are unable to compete successfully in our markets.

Competition in the semiconductor industry is intense. Our major competitors include Analog Devices, Linear Technology, Maxim Integrated Products and Texas Instruments. In some cases, we may also compete with our customers. Competition is based on design and quality of products, product performance, price and service, with the relative importance of these factors varying among products, markets and
 customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors or that our operating results will not be adversely affected by increased competition.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

We operate in the global marketplace and face risks associated with worldwide operations.

During fiscal 2009, approximately 77 percent of our sales were derived from customers in international markets. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant majority of our total revenue in future years. We have manufacturing facilities outside the United States in Scotland, Malaysia and China. We are subject to the economic and political risks inherent in international
 operations, including the risks associated with ongoing uncertainties and political and economic instability in many countries around the world. In addition, the management of global operations subjects us to risks associated with trade balance issues, currency controls, differences in local business and cultural factors, fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations.

Global disruptions and events which could adversely affect our financial performance and operating results.

Terrorist activities worldwide and hostilities in and between nation states, including the continuing hostilities and violence in Iraq and Afghanistan and the threat of future hostilities involving the United States and other countries, may cause uncertainty and instability in the overall state of the global economy or in the industries in which we operate. We have no assurance that the consequences from
 these events will not disrupt our operations in either the United States or other regions of the world. Continued increases in oil prices, as well as spreading subprime mortgage failures, could also affect our operations. Pandemic illnesses that spread globally and/or substantial natural disasters, as well as geopolitical events, may also affect our future costs, operating capabilities and revenues.

We have significant manufacturing operations in China and Malaysia, and, as a result, are subject to risks.

We have significant assembly and test facilities in Suzhou, China and Melaka, Malaysia. While we have announced the planned closure of our Chinese facility, our operations in China and Malaysia are subject to the economic and political situation in each location. We may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental
 regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China and Malaysia are in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, we cannot assure you that new, stricter regulations will not be imposed or interpretations of existing regulations will not be changed, each of which would require additional expenditures. Changes in the political environment or government policies could result in revisions to laws or regulations
 or their interpretation and enforcement, increased taxation, restrictions on imports, import duties or currency revaluations. A significant destabilization of relations between the Unites States and either China or Malaysia could result in restrictions or prohibitions on our operations in that country. With respect to China, the Chinese legal systems relating to foreign trade and intellectual property are relatively new and continue to evolve. Enforcement of existing laws or agreements
 may be sporadic and implementation and interpretation of laws may be inconsistent. Moreover, there is a high degree of fragmentation among Chinese regulatory authorities resulting in uncertainties as to which authorities have jurisdiction over particular parties or transactions.

We are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies.

While we transact business primarily in U.S. dollars, and most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of our costs and revenues is denominated in other currencies, such as the euro, the Japanese yen, pound sterling and certain other Asian currencies. As a result, changes in the exchange rates of these or any other applicable currencies to the U.S. dollar will affect our net sales,
 costs of goods sold and operating margins. We have a program to hedge our exposure to currency rate fluctuations, but our hedging program may not be fully effective in preventing foreign exchange losses.

Page 13 of 98

We are subject to export restrictions and laws affecting trade and investments.

As a global company headquartered in the United States, we are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and related product information. Compliance with these laws has limited our operations and sales in the past and could significantly limit them in the future. We maintain an export compliance program but there are risks of noncompliance exposing us
 to legal liabilities. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. There is a risk that these restrictions and laws could significantly restrict our operations in the future.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO SALES AND OPERATIONS

Our performance depends on the availability and cost of raw materials, utilities, critical manufacturing equipment and third-party manufacturing services.

Our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that certain key raw materials and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access to or increases in the cost of these items, or the inability to implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our results of operations. We subcontract a portion of our wafer
 fabrication and assembly and testing of our integrated circuits. We depend on a limited number of third parties, most of whom are located outside of the United States, to perform these subcontracted functions. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these third parties. Reliance on these third parties involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand. Although we did not experience any material difficulties with supplies or subcontractors in
 fiscal 2009, we have had difficulties in the past and could experience them in the future, including as a result of weak global economic conditions.

A substantial portion of our sales are made to distributors and the termination of an agreement with one or more distributors could result in a negative impact on our business.

In fiscal 2009, our distributors accounted for approximately 53 percent of our sales, with two of our distributors together accounting for 28 percent of total sales. Distributors typically sell products from several of our competitors along with our products. A significant reduction of effort to sell our products, the termination of our relationship with one or more distributors or distributor cash flow
 problems or other financial difficulties may reduce our access to certain end-customers and adversely impact our ability to sell our products. The termination of the distributor relationship agreement with a specific distributor could also result in the return of our inventory held by the distributor.

Our profit margins may vary over time.

Our profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in our shipment volume, reductions in, or obsolescence of our inventory and shifts in our product mix. In addition, the competitive market environment in which we operate may adversely affect pricing for our products, although we try to emphasize higher margin products. Because we own most of our manufacturing
 capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed, including costs associated with depreciation expense. In general, these costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or utilization of our manufacturing capacity. If we are unable to utilize our manufacturing facilities at a high level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will result in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.

We make forecasts of customer demand that may be inaccurate.

Our ability to match inventory and production mix with the product mix needed to fill current orders and orders to be delivered in any given quarter may affect our ability to meet that quarter’s revenue forecast. To be able to accommodate customer requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture product based on customer forecasts. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. While we
 believe our relationships with our customers, combined with our understanding of the end markets we serve, provide us with the ability to make reliable forecasts, if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, it could result in inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins.

Page 14 of 98

We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability.

We could be subject to warranty or product liability claims that could lead to significant expenses as we defend such claims or pay damage awards. In the event of a warranty claim, we may also incur costs if we compensate the affected customer. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. We may
 incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one of our customers’ products containing one of our devices. Although costs or payments we have made in connection with warranty claims or product recalls in the past have not materially affected our results of operations and financial condition, they could in the future.

We may be harmed by natural disasters and other disruptions.

Our worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters and other disruptions. Our corporate headquarters are located near major earthquake fault lines in California. In the event of a major earthquake, or other natural or manmade disaster, we could experience loss of life of our employees, destruction of facilities or other business interruptions. The operations of our suppliers could also be
 subject to natural disasters and other disruptions, which could cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. We use third party freight firms for nearly all of our shipments from vendors and from our wafer manufacturing facilities to assembly and test sites and for shipments to customers of our final product. This includes ground, sea and air freight. Any significant disruption of our freight shipments globally or in certain parts of the world, particularly where
 our operations are concentrated, would materially affect our operations. We maintain property and business interruption insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all costs associated with such disasters and disruptions.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO R&D, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LITIGATION

We may experience delays in introducing new products or market acceptance of new products may be below our expectations.

Rapidly changing technologies and industry standards, along with frequent new product introductions, characterize the industries in which our primary customers operate. As our customers evolve and introduce new products, our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these changes in a timely and cost-effective manner by developing and introducing into the market new products that meet the
 needs of our customers. We are also directing efforts to develop new and different types of products to serve emerging mega trends such as energy efficiency. We believe that continued focused investment in research and development, especially the timely development, introduction and market acceptance of new products, is a key factor to successful growth and the ability to achieve strong financial performance. Successful development and introduction of these new products are critical to
 our ability to maintain a competitive position in the marketplace. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be successful in timely developing and introducing successful new products demanded by the market, or in achieving anticipated revenues from new products, and a failure to bring new products to market or achieve market success with them may harm our operating results. We also cannot assure you that products that may be developed in the future by our competitors will not render
 our products obsolete or non-competitive.

Our products are dependent on the use of intellectual property that we need to protect

.

We rely on patents, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works and copyrights to protect our products and technologies, and have a program to file applications for and obtain patents, trademarks, mask works and copyrights in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be
 unavailable, limited or not applied for in some countries. Some of our products and technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application. In addition, we cannot assure you that:

 •

 the patents owned by us or numerous other patents which third parties license to us will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or licensed to other companies; or

 •

 any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued within the scope of the claims sought by us, if at all; or

 •

 our products will not be held to infringe patents of others.

We also seek to protect our proprietary technologies, including technologies that may not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors’ rights agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach
 or that our collaborators will not assert rights to intellectual property arising out of our research collaborations. In addition, we may not be able to enforce these agreements globally. Some of our technologies

Page 15 of 98

have been licensed on a non-exclusive basis from other companies, which may license such technologies to others, including our competitors. If necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses under patents or intellectual property rights claimed by others. However, we cannot assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to obtain a
 license from a third party for technologies we use could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of processes requiring the technologies.

We are subject to litigation risks.

All industries, including the semiconductor industry, are subject to legal claims. We are involved in a variety of routine legal matters that arise in the normal course of business. Further discussion of certain specific material legal proceedings in which we are involved is contained in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe it is unlikely that the final outcome of these legal
 claims will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and unpredictable. An unfavorable resolution of any particular legal claim or proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR DEBT

Increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations.

Our total liabilities at the end of fiscal 2009 were $1.8 billion. Of total liabilities, $1.3 billion was debt incurred in connection with the accelerated stock repurchase program announced in June 2007. In June 2007, we announced that we would incur $1.5 billion of indebtedness under a bridge credit facility to purchase shares of our common stock through an accelerated stock repurchase program. We
 subsequently issued $1.0 billion in senior unsecured notes and entered into a bank loan in the aggregate principal amount of $0.5 billion to fully repay the indebtedness under the bridge credit facility, of which we have since repaid approximately $200 million. As a result, this increase in long-term debt and any future increase in our level of indebtedness will have several important effects on our future operations, including, without limitation:

 •

 we have additional cash requirements in order to support the payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness;

 •

 increases in our outstanding indebtedness and leverage may increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressure;

 •

 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes may be limited particularly in light of current credit market conditions; and

 •

 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry may be limited.

Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, under our unsecured term loan with a consortium of banks, we are required to
 comply with certain covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt or maintain compliance with the covenants of our unsecured term loan due to current economic conditions or otherwise, we may take certain actions which require us to, among other things:

 •

 seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets;

 •

 refinance, retire or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness;

 •

 sell selected assets;

 •

 reduce or delay planned capital expenditures; or

 •

 reduce or delay planned operating expenditures.

Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available on economically favorable terms, if at all, particularly if our credit rating is not strong.

Page 16 of 98

Difficulties in the credit markets may limit our ability to refinance our debt as it becomes due.

As a result of the recent difficulties in the credit markets and limited availability of credit, we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our debt as it becomes due. Due to recent market conditions, the cost and availability of credit has been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. Continued turbulence in the U.S. and international
 markets and economies may adversely affect the liquidity and financial conditions of issuers.

Increases in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition.

Increases in prevailing interest rates has an immediate effect on the interest rates charged on our variable rate debt, including the senior floating rate notes and bank debt, which rise and fall upon changes in interest rates on a quarterly basis. Although interest rates remained stable during fiscal 2009, any increased interest expense associated with increases in interest rates affects our cash flow
 and our ability to service our debt. As a protection against rising interest rates, we may enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate exchange contracts. However, the other parties to the agreements may fail to perform or the terms may be unfavorable to us depending on rate movements.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO PERSONNEL AND MERGER AND ACQUISITION ACTIVITY

We may not be able to attract or retain employees with skills necessary to remain competitive in our industry.

Our continued success depends in part on the recruitment and retention of skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, management and staff personnel. Experienced personnel in the semiconductor industry, particularly in our targeted analog areas, are in high demand and competition for their skills is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully recruit and retain the key
 personnel we require.

We may pursue acquisitions, investments and divestitures that could harm our operating results and may disrupt our business.

We have made and will continue to consider making strategic business investments, alliances and acquisitions we consider necessary to gain access to key technologies that we believe will augment our existing technical capability and support our business model objectives. Acquisitions and investments involve risks and uncertainties that may unfavorably impact our future financial performance. We may not be
 able to integrate and develop the technologies we acquire as expected. If the technology is not developed in a timely manner, we may be unsuccessful in penetrating target markets. With any acquisition there are risks that future operating results may be unfavorably affected by acquisition related costs, including in-process R&D charges and incremental R&D spending.

We have made and will continue to consider making strategic divestitures. With any divestiture, there are risks that future operating results could be unfavorably impacted if targeted objectives, such as cost savings, are not achieved or if other business disruptions occur as a result of the divestiture or activities related to the divestiture.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO TAX AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

We may be affected by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.

As a global company, our effective tax rate is dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region. We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and complex analyses and significant judgment are required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. From time to time, we have received notices of tax assessments
 in various jurisdictions where we operate. We may receive future notices of assessments and the amounts of these assessments or our failure to favorably resolve such assessments may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

We have significant amounts of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with the deferred tax benefits will not be realized. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the actual
 effective tax rates or the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase the valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, which would cause an increase in our effective tax rate. Proposals and discussions in Congress and the Executive branch for new U.S. tax legislation could, if adopted, adversely affect our effective tax rate. A significant increase in our effective tax rate could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Page 17 of 98

We are subject to many environmental laws and regulations.

Increasingly stringent environmental regulations restrict the amount and types of materials that can be released from our operations into the environment. While the cost of compliance with environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations historically, compliance with these and any future regulations could require significant capital investments in pollution control
 equipment or changes in the way we make our products. In addition, because we use hazardous and other regulated materials in our manufacturing processes, we are subject to risks of liabilities and claims, regardless of fault, resulting from accidental releases, including personal injury claims and civil and criminal fines. The following should also be considered:

 •

 we currently are remediating past contamination at some of our sites;

 •

 we have been identified as a potentially responsible party at a number of Superfund sites where we (or our predecessors) disposed of wastes in the past; and

 •

 significant regulatory and public attention on the impact of semiconductor operations on the environment may result in more stringent regulations, further increasing our costs.

For more information on environmental matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.