You should read the following Risk Factors in conjunction with the factors
discussed elsewhere in this and our other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference in these
filings. These Risk Factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may
affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be
an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to companies like National with
broad international operations. Like other companies, we are susceptible to
macroeconomic downturns in the United States or abroad that may affect the
general economic climate and our performance and the performance of our
customers. Similarly, the price of our stock is subject to volatility due to
fluctuations in general market conditions, differences in our results of
operations from estimates and projections generated by the investment community,
and other factors beyond our control.

Conditions inherent in the semiconductor industry may cause periodic
fluctuations in our operating results.
Rapid technological change and frequent introduction of new technology leading
to more complex and integrated products characterize the semiconductor industry.
The result is a cyclical environment with short product life cycles, even with
analog products which form the core of our strategic focus. We have seen and may
see in the future significant and rapid increases and decreases in product
demand. Although less capital investment is needed for analog products than for
many other semiconductor products, substantial capital and R&D investment are
required to support products and manufacturing processes in the semiconductor
industry. We have experienced in the past and may experience in the future
periodic fluctuations in our operating results. Market shifts in product mix
toward, or away from, higher margin products, including analog products, can
also have a significant impact on our operating results. As a result of these
and other factors, our financial results can fluctuate significantly from period
to period.

Our business will be harmed if we are unable to compete successfully in our
markets.
Competition in the semiconductor industry is intense. Our major competitors
include Analog Devices, Linear Technology, Maxim and Texas Instruments. These
companies sell competing products into some of the same markets that we target.
In some cases, we may also compete with our customers. Competition is based on
design and quality of products, product performance, price and service, with the
relative importance of these factors varying among products, markets and
customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in
the future against existing or new competitors or that our operating results
will not be adversely affected by increased competition.

A large portion of our revenues is dependent on the wireless handset market.
The wireless handset market continues to be a significant source of our overall
sales. New products are being developed to address new features and
functionality in handsets, such as advanced color displays, advanced audio,
lighting features and battery management that can adequately handle the demands
of these advanced features. Due to high levels of competition, as well as
complex technological requirements, there is no assurance that we will continue
to be successful in this targeted market. Although the worldwide handset market
is large, near-term growth trends are often uncertain and difficult to predict
with accuracy. Since the wireless handset market is a consumer-driven market,
downturns in the economy that affect consumer demand can impact our business and
results.

We may experience delays in introducing new products or market acceptance of new
products may be below our expectations.
Rapidly changing technologies and industry standards, along with frequent new
product introductions, characterize the industries in which our primary
customers operate. As our customers evolve and introduce new products, our
success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these changes in a
timely and cost-effective manner by developing and introducing into the market
new products that meet the needs of our customers. We believe that continued
focused investment in research and development, especially the timely
development and market acceptance of new analog products, is a key factor to
successful growth and the ability to achieve strong financial performance.
Successful development and introduction of these new products are critical to
our ability to maintain a competitive position in the marketplace. We will
continue to invest resources to develop more highly integrated solutions and
building block products, both primarily based on our analog capabilities. These
products will continue to be targeted towards applications such as wireless
handsets, displays, other portable devices and applications in other broad
markets that require analog technology. We cannot assure you that we will be
successful in timely developing and introducing successful new products, and a
failure to bring new products to market may harm our operating results. We also
cannot assure you that products that may be developed in the future by our
competitors will not render our products obsolete or non-competitive.

We make forecasts of customer demand which need to be accurate.
Our ability to match inventory and production mix with the product mix needed to
fill current orders and orders to be delivered in any given quarter may affect
our ability to meet that quarter's revenue forecast. To be able to accommodate
customer requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture product based
on customer forecasts. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. While
we believe our relationships with our customers, combined with our understanding
of the end-markets we serve, provide us with the ability to make reliable
forecasts, if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, it could result in
inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins.

Our performance depends on the availability and cost of raw materials,
utilities, critical manufacturing equipment and third-party manufacturing
services.
Our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that
certain key raw materials and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access
to and high costs of these items, as well as the inability to implement new
manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment on a timely basis
could adversely affect our results of operations. We subcontract a portion of
our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our integrated circuits. We
depend on a limited number of third parties to perform these functions. We do
not have long-term contracts with all of these third parties. Reliance on these
third parties involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in
periods of high demand. Although we did not experience any material difficulties
with supplies or subcontractors in the last year, we have had difficulties in
the past and could experience them in the future.

We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability.
We could be subject to warranty or product liability claims that could lead to
significant expenses as we defend such claims or pay damage awards. In the event
of a warranty claim, we may also incur costs if we compensate the affected
customer. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee
that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such
claims. We may incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one of our
customers' products containing one of our devices. Although costs or payments we
have made in connection with warranty claims or product recalls in the past have
not adversely affected our results of operations and financial condition, they
could in the future.

Our profit margins may vary over time.
Our profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including
decreases in our shipment volume, reductions in, or obsolescence of our
inventory and shifts in our product mix. In addition, the competitive market
environment in which we operate may adversely affect pricing for our products,
although we try to emphasize higher margin products. Because we own most of our
manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs are fixed,
including costs associated with depreciation expense. In general, these costs do
not decline with reductions in customer demand or utilization of our
manufacturing capacity. If we are unable to utilize our manufacturing facilities
at a high level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will result in
higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.

We may be harmed by natural disasters and other disruptions.
Our worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters and other
disruptions. Our corporate headquarters are located near major earthquake fault
lines in California. In the event of a major earthquake, or other natural or
manmade disaster, we could experience loss of life of our employees, destruction
of facilities or other business interruptions. The operations of our suppliers
could also be subject to natural disasters and other disruptions, which could
cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. We use third
party freight firms for nearly all of our shipments from vendors, from our
foundries to assembly and test sites and for shipments to customers of our final
product. This includes ground, sea and air freight. Any significant disruption
of our freight business globally or in certain parts of the world, particularly
where our operations are concentrated, would materially affect our operations.

We may not be able to attract or retain employees with skills necessary to
remain competitive in our industry.
Our continued success depends in part on the recruitment and retention of
skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, management and staff
personnel. Experienced personnel in the semiconductor industry, particularly in
our targeted analog areas, are in high demand and competition for their skills
is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully
recruit and retain the key personnel we require.

Our products are dependent on the use of intellectual property which we need to
protect.
We rely on patents, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works and copyrights to
protect our products and technologies. Some of our products and technologies are
not covered by any patent or patent application and we cannot assure you that:

 o the patents owned by us or numerous other patents which third parties
 license to us will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or
 licensed to other companies
 o any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued within
 the scope of the claims sought by us, if at all

In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection
may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in some countries.

We also seek to protect our proprietary technologies, including technologies
that may not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements
and, if applicable, inventors' rights agreements with our collaborators,
advisors, employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements
will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that
such persons or institutions will not assert rights to intellectual property
arising out of such research. Some of our technologies have been licensed on a
non-exclusive basis from other companies, which may license such technologies to
others, including our competitors. If necessary or desirable, we may seek
licenses under patents or intellectual property rights claimed by others.
However, we cannot assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the
terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to obtain a
license from a third party for technologies we use could cause us to incur
substantial liabilities and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products
or our use of processes requiring the technologies.

We face risks from our international operations.
We have operations in many countries and, as a result, we are subject to risks
associated with doing business globally. International sales accounted for
approximately 80% of our revenue in fiscal 2006 and we expect that international
sales will continue to account for a significant majority of our total revenue
in future years. We are subject to various challenges and risks related to the
management of global operations and international sales, including, but not
limited to:

 o trade balance issues
 o economic and political conditions
 o health concerns
 o security concerns
 o inefficient and limited infrastructure and disruptions
 o local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal
 standards and practices
 o changes in currency controls
 o differences in our ability to acquire and enforcement of intellectual
 property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions
 o our ability to develop relationships with local suppliers
 o compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including
 export restrictions and laws affecting trade and investments
 o fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates
 o difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and other
 labor problems
 o support required abroad for demanding manufacturing requirements

Although we did not experience any materially adverse effects from our
international operations as a result of these factors in the last year, one or
more of these factors has had an adverse effect on us in the past and could
adversely affect us in the future.

Many of the challenges noted above are applicable in China. The risk factors
specifically associated with our manufacturing and other operations in China are
discussed below.

We have significantly expanded our manufacturing operations in China and, as a
result, will be increasingly subject to risks inherent in doing business in
China.
In fiscal 2005, we began production in our assembly and test facility in Suzhou,
China. The factory has steadily increased its output since that time. Our
ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in China's laws
and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export
tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters.
Our operations in China are subject to the economic and political situation
there. We believe that our operations in China are in compliance with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, there can be no assurance
that China's central or local governments will not impose new, stricter
regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require
additional expenditures. Changes in the political environment or government
policies could result in revisions to laws or regulations or their
interpretation and enforcement, increased taxation, restrictions on imports,
import duties or currency revaluations. In addition, a significant
destabilization of relations between China and the United States could result in
restrictions or prohibitions on our operations in China. The legal system of
China relating to foreign trade is relatively new and continues to evolve.
Enforcement of existing laws or agreements may be sporadic and implementation
and interpretation of laws inconsistent. Moreover, there is a high degree of
fragmentation among regulatory authorities resulting in uncertainties as to
which authorities have jurisdiction over particular parties or transactions.

We are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies.
While we transact business primarily in U.S. dollars, and most of our revenues
are denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of our costs and revenues is
denominated in other currencies, such as the euro, the Japanese yen, pound
sterling and certain other Asian currencies. As a result, changes in the
exchange rates of these or any other applicable currencies to the U.S. dollar
will affect the costs of goods sold and operating margins. We have a program to
hedge our exposure to currency rate fluctuations, but our hedge program may not
be fully effective in preventing foreign exchange losses.

We may pursue acquisitions, investments and divestitures, which could harm our
operating results and may disrupt our business.
We have made and will continue to consider making strategic business
investments, alliances and acquisitions we consider necessary to gain access to
key technologies that we believe augment our existing technical capability and
support our business model objectives. Acquisitions and investments involve
risks and uncertainties that may unfavorably impact our future financial
performance. We may not be able to integrate and develop the technologies we
acquire as expected. If the technology is not developed in a timely manner, we
may be unsuccessful in penetrating target markets. Although we have not made any
acquisitions since fiscal 2003, with any acquisition there are risks that future
operating results may be unfavorably affected by acquisition related costs,
including in-process R&D charges and incremental R&D spending.

We have made and will continue to consider making strategic business
divestitures. With any divestiture, there are risks that future operating
results could be unfavorably impacted if targeted objectives, such as cost
savings, are not achieved or if other business disruptions occur as a result of
the divestiture or activities related to the divestiture.

We are subject to litigation risks.
All industries, including the semiconductor industry, are subject to legal
claims. We are involved in a variety of routine legal matters that arise in the
normal course of business. Further discussion of certain specific legal
proceedings we are involved with is contained in Note 12 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. We believe it is unlikely that the final outcome of these
legal claims will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
position or results of operation. However, litigation is inherently uncertain
and unpredictable. An unfavorable resolution of any particular legal claim or
proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
position or results of operations.

We are subject to many environmental laws and regulations.
Increasingly stringent environmental regulations restrict the amount and types
of materials that can be released from our operations into the environment.
While the cost of compliance with environmental laws has not had a material
adverse effect on our results of operations historically, compliance with these
and any future regulations could require significant capital investments in
pollution control equipment or changes in the way we make our products. In
addition, because we use hazardous and other regulated materials in our
manufacturing processes, we are subject to risks of liabilities and claims,
regardless of fault, resulting from accidental releases, including personal
injury claims and civil and criminal fines. The following should also be
considered:

 o we currently are remediating past contamination at some of our sites
 o we have been identified as a potentially responsible party at a number
 of Superfund sites where we (or our predecessors) disposed of wastes
 in the past
 o significant regulatory and public attention on the impact of
 semiconductor operations on the environment may result in more
 stringent regulations, further increasing our costs

We may be impacted by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional
income tax liabilities.
As a global company, our effective tax rate is dependent upon the geographic
composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region. We
are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign
jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax
liabilities. From time to time, we have received notices of tax assessments in
various jurisdictions where we operate. We may receive future notices of
assessments and the amounts of these assessments or our failure to favorably
resolve such assessments may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operations.

Our business is global and world events and changes in the world economy could
adversely affect our financial performance and operating results.
Terrorist activities worldwide and hostilities in and between nation states,
including the continuing hostilities and insurgency in Iraq and the threat of
future hostilities involving the U.S. and other countries, cause uncertainty on
the overall state of the global economy. We have no assurance that the
consequences from these events will not disrupt our operations in the U.S. or
other regions of the world in the future. Although oil is not a major factor in
our cost structure, continued wide fluctuations and large increases in oil
prices may affect our future costs and revenues. As we have noted earlier,
pandemic illness, and substantial natural, as well as geopolitical events, may
affect our future costs, operating capabilities and revenues.