A
description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below.
The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not
currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also
impair our business operations, results or financial condition.

You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the
factors discussed elsewhere in this and our other filings with the SEC and in
materials incorporated by reference in these filings. These risk factors are
intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition
and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of
risks that apply to companies like National with broad international operations.
Like other companies, we are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the
United States or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our
performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our
stock is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions,
differences in our results of operations from estimates and projections
generated by the investment community, and other factors beyond our
control.

 RELATING TO GENERAL BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Significant
deterioration in the global economy has reduced demand for our products, and our
business has been and may continue to be adversely affected.

As a
result of the credit market crisis (including uncertainties with respect to
financial institutions and the global capital markets) and other macro-economic
challenges affecting the economy of the United States and other parts of the
world, customers have modified, delayed and cancelled plans to purchase our
products. During fiscal 2009, we experienced a significant reduction in order
rates due to the weak global economy. While near-term market conditions in
fiscal 2010 have shown some improvement, it is not clear that this improvement
will continue. It is possible that current conditions could remain or
worsen.

A
large portion of our revenues is dependent on the wireless handset
market.

The
wireless handset market (including smart phones) is a significant source of our
overall sales. Global economic difficulties have resulted in a slowdown in the
sales of handsets and have adversely affected our revenues and profitability.
This environment may continue even though we continue to develop new products to
address new features and functionality in handsets. The worldwide handset market
is large and future trends and other variables are difficult to predict. As a
consumer-driven market, changes in the economy that adversely affect consumer
demand for wireless handsets will impact demand for our products and adversely
affect our business and operating results.

Conditions
inherent in the semiconductor industry may cause periodic fluctuations in our
operating results.

Rapid
technological change and frequent introduction of new technology leading to more
complex and integrated products characterize the semiconductor industry. The
result is a cyclical environment with potentially short product life cycles,
characterized by significant and rapid increases and decreases in product
demand. Substantial capital and R&D investment are required to support
products and manufacturing processes in the semiconductor industry, which
amplify the effect of this cyclicality. As a result of this environment, we may
experience rapid and significant fluctuations in our operating
results.  Market or other shifts in our product mix toward or away
from higher margin products, including analog products, or reductions in our
product margins may also have a significant impact on our operating
results.

 Page 12
of 98

Our
business will be harmed if we are unable to compete successfully in our
markets.

Competition
in the semiconductor industry is intense. Our major competitors include Analog
Devices, Intersil Corporation, Linear Technology, Maxim Integrated Products and
Texas Instruments. In some cases, we may also compete with our customers.
Competition is based on design and quality of products, product performance,
price and service, with the relative importance of these factors varying among
products, markets and customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors or that
our operating results will not be adversely affected by increased
competition.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

We
operate in the global marketplace and face risks associated with worldwide
operations.

During
fiscal 2010, approximately 76 percent of our sales were derived from customers
in international markets. We expect that international sales will continue to
account for a significant majority of our total revenue in future years. We have
manufacturing facilities outside the United States in Scotland and Malaysia. We
are subject to the economic and political risks inherent in international
operations, including the risks associated with ongoing uncertainties and
political and economic instability in many countries around the world. In
addition, the management of global operations subjects us to risks associated
with legal and regulatory requirements, trade balance issues, currency controls,
differences in local business and cultural factors, fluctuations in interest and
currency exchange rates, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign
operations.

Global
disruptions and events could adversely affect our financial performance and
operating results.

Terrorist
activities worldwide and hostilities in and between nation states, including the
continuing hostilities and violence in Iraq and Afghanistan and the threat of
future hostilities involving the United States and other countries, may cause
uncertainty and instability in the overall state of the global economy or in the
industries in which we operate. We have no assurance that the consequences from
these events will not disrupt our operations in either the United States or
other regions of the world. Significant destabilization of relations between the
United States and other countries where we operate or between the countries
where we operate and other countries could result in restrictions and
prohibitions in the countries where we operate. Continued increases in oil
prices, as well as spreading subprime mortgage failures, could also affect our
operations. Pandemic illnesses that spread globally and/or substantial natural
disasters, as well as geopolitical events, may also affect our future costs,
operating capabilities and revenues.

We
have significant manufacturing operations in Malaysia and, as a result, are
subject to risks.

We have
significant assembly and test facilities in Melaka, Malaysia. We may be
adversely affected by laws and regulations, including those relating to
taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights,
property and other matters.  We cannot assure you that we will be able
to maintain compliance with all of these laws and regulations, that new,
stricter laws or regulations will not be imposed or that interpretations of
existing regulations will not be changed, each of which would require additional
expenditures or result in other adverse effects. Changes in the political
environment or government policies could result in laws or regulations that
impact us adversely. A significant destabilization of relations between the
United States and Malaysia or with either of these countries and other countries
could result in restrictions or prohibitions on our operations in that
country.

We
are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and foreign
currencies.

While we
transact business primarily in U.S. dollars, and most of our revenues are
denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of our costs and revenues is denominated
in other currencies, such as the euro, the Japanese yen, pound sterling and
certain other Asian currencies. As a result, changes in the exchange rates of
these or any other applicable currencies to the U.S. dollar will affect our net
sales, costs of goods sold and operating margins. We have a program to hedge our
exposure to currency rate fluctuations, but our hedging program may not be fully
effective in preventing foreign exchange losses.

 Page 13
of 98

We
are subject to export restrictions and laws affecting trade and
investments.

As a
global company headquartered in the United States, we are subject to U.S. laws
and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and
related product information. Compliance with these laws has limited our
operations and sales in the past and could significantly limit them in the
future. We maintain a compliance program but there are risks of noncompliance
exposing us to significant legal liabilities. We must also comply with export
restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments
which may conflict with the laws and regulations in the United States or other
countries in which we do business. There is a risk that these restrictions and
laws could significantly restrict our operations in the future.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO SALES AND OPERATIONS

Our
increased focus on revenue growth could adversely impact margins over
time.

Our
current priority is to grow revenues at a rate greater than the rate of growth
we have achieved in recent fiscal years. During those recent fiscal years our
rate of revenue growth was consistently below that of our competitors, as we
directed more of our efforts on maintaining and increasing our profit
margins.  By focusing on our relationship with our customers and delivering
exceptional value to our customers we hope to increase sales while retaining our
overall profitability.  It is possible, however, that elevating our
priority on increasing sales could come at the expense of gross margin. If a
decrease in gross margin is not offset by sufficient increased revenue it would
adversely affect our overall profitability.

Our
performance depends on the availability and cost of raw materials, utilities,
critical manufacturing equipment and third-party manufacturing
services.

Our
manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that
certain key raw materials and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access
to or increases in the cost of these items, or the inability to implement new
manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment on a timely basis,
could adversely affect our results of operations. We subcontract a portion of
our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our integrated circuits. We
depend on a limited number of third parties, most of whom are located outside of
the United States, to perform these subcontracted functions. We do not have
long-term contracts with all of these third parties. Reliance on these third
parties involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of
high demand. We have had difficulties in the past with supplies and
subcontractors and could experience them in the future, including as a result of
weak global economic conditions.

A
substantial portion of our sales are made to distributors and the termination of
an agreement with one or more distributors could result in a negative impact on
our business.

In fiscal
2010, our distributors accounted for approximately 64 percent of our sales,
which includes approximately 9 percent of sales made through dairitens in Japan
under local business practices. Two of our distributors together accounted for
32 percent of total sales. Distributors typically sell products from several of
our competitors along with our products. A significant reduction of effort to
sell our products, the termination of our relationship with one or more
distributors or distributor cash flow problems or other financial difficulties
could reduce our access to certain end-customers and adversely impact our
ability to sell our products. The termination of the distributor relationship
agreement with a specific distributor could also result in the return of our
inventory held by the distributor.

Our
profit margins may vary over time.

Our
profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including
decreases in our shipment volume, reductions in, or obsolescence of our
inventory, and shifts in our product mix or strategy. Because we own most of our
manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed,
including costs associated with depreciation expense. In general, these costs do
not decline with reductions in customer demand or utilization of our
manufacturing capacity or increase as volume increases. Failure to maintain
utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities or maintain the fixed costs
associated with these facilities at current levels will result in higher average
unit costs and lower gross margins.

We
make forecasts of customer demand that may be inaccurate.

Our
ability to match inventory and production mix with the product mix needed to
fill current orders and orders to be delivered in any given quarter may affect
our ability to meet that quarter’s revenue forecast. To be able to accommodate
customer requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture product based
on customer forecasts. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. While
we believe our relationships with our customers, combined with
our

 Page 14
of 98

understanding
of the end markets we serve, provide us with the ability to make reliable
forecasts, if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, it could result in
inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit
margins.

We
are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product
liability.

We could
be subject to warranty or product liability claims that could lead to
significant expenses as we defend such claims or pay damage awards. In the event
of a warranty claim, we may also incur costs if we compensate the affected
customer. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee
that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such
claims. We may incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one of our
customers’ products containing one of our devices. Any future costs or payments
made in connection with warranty claims or product recalls could materially
affect our results of operations and financial condition in future
periods.

We
may be harmed by natural disasters and other disruptions.

Our
worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters and other
disruptions. Our corporate headquarters are located near major earthquake fault
lines in California. In the event of a major earthquake, or other natural or
manmade disaster, we could experience loss of life of our employees, destruction
of facilities or other business interruptions. The operations of our suppliers
could also be subject to natural disasters and other disruptions, which could
cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. We use third
party freight firms for nearly all of our shipments from vendors and from our
wafer manufacturing facilities to assembly and test sites and for shipments to
customers of our final product. This includes ground, sea and air freight. Any
significant disruption of our freight shipments globally or in certain parts of
the world, particularly where our operations are concentrated, would materially
affect our operations. We maintain property and business interruption insurance,
but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to
protect against all costs associated with such disasters and
disruptions.

We
may incur losses in connection with the sale of, or we may be unable to sell,
our manufacturing facilities in China and Texas.

In March
2009, we announced the eventual closure of our wafer fabrication facility in
Texas and our assembly and test plant in China. We have since ceased production
activity in these two facilities. We are actively engaged in locating buyers to
purchase each of these manufacturing facilities and the machinery and equipment
located in these facilities. In selling these properties, we are faced with the
inherent volatility in the industrial real estate market, which is a function of
the supply and demand for industrial properties in the micro-markets where our
facilities are located. Although we believe we will be able to sell these
facilities in the next fiscal year, it may take longer than we currently expect.
If we must incur additional costs to maintain the facilities over a longer time
frame than we currently expect, if we are forced to accept a lower price than we
originally estimated, or if we are unable to locate a buyer for either or both
of these facilities, our operating results will be negatively
affected.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO R&D, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LITIGATION

We
may experience delays in introducing new products or market acceptance of new
products may be below our expectations.

Rapidly
changing technologies and industry standards, along with frequent new product
introductions, characterize the industries in which our primary customers
operate. As our customers evolve and introduce new products, our success depends
on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these changes in a timely and
cost-effective manner by developing and introducing into the market new products
that meet the needs of our customers. We are also directing efforts to develop
new and different types of products to serve emerging mega trends such as energy
efficiency. We believe that continued focused investment in research and
development, especially the timely development, introduction and market
acceptance of new products, is a key factor to successful growth and the ability
to achieve strong financial performance. Successful development and introduction
of these new products are critical to our ability to maintain a competitive
position in the marketplace. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be
successful in timely developing and introducing successful new products demanded
by the market, or in achieving anticipated revenues from new products, and a
failure to bring new products to market or achieve market success with them may
harm our operating results. We also cannot assure you that products that may be
developed in the future by our competitors will not render our products obsolete
or non-competitive.

Our products are dependent on the use
of intellectual property that we need to protect.

We rely
on patents, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works and copyrights to protect our
products and technologies, and have a program to file applications for and
obtain patents, trademarks, mask works and copyrights in the United States
and

 Page 15
of 98

in
selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is
appropriate. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection
may be unavailable, limited or not applied for by us in some countries. Some of
our products and technologies are not covered by any patent or patent
application. In addition, we cannot assure you that:

 ·  

 the
 patents owned by us or numerous other patents which third parties license
 to us will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or licensed to
 other companies; or

 ·  

 any
 of our pending or future patent applications will be issued within the
 scope of the claims sought by us, if at all;
or

 ·  

 our
 products will not be held to infringe patents of
 others.

We also
seek to protect our proprietary technologies, including technologies that may
not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if
applicable, inventors’ rights agreements with our collaborators, advisors,
employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not
be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that our
collaborators will not assert rights to intellectual property arising out of our
research collaborations. In addition, we may not be able to enforce these
agreements globally. Some of our technologies have been licensed on a
non-exclusive basis from other companies, which may license such technologies to
others, including our competitors. If necessary or desirable, we may seek
licenses under patents or intellectual property rights claimed by others.
However, we cannot assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the
terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to obtain a
license from a third party for technologies we use could cause us to incur
substantial liabilities and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products
or our use of processes requiring the technologies.

The
protection of our intellectual property is essential in preventing unauthorized
third parties from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our technologies.
Despite our efforts, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately
prevent misappropriation or improper use of our protected
technologies.

We
may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions
and breaches in data security.

Information
technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security
could disrupt our operations by causing delays or cancellation of customer
orders, impeding the manufacture or shipment of products, preventing the
processing of transactions and reporting of financial results. They could also
result in the unintentional disclosure of confidential information about the
company or with respect to our customers and employees. While management has
taken steps to address these concerns by implementing sophisticated network
security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that a system
failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and operating results.

We
are subject to litigation risks.

All
industries, including the semiconductor industry, are subject to legal claims.
We are involved in a variety of routine legal matters that arise in the normal
course of business. Further discussion of certain specific material legal
proceedings in which we are involved is contained in Note 15 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. We believe it is unlikely that the final outcome of these
legal claims will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
position or results of operations. However, litigation is inherently uncertain
and unpredictable. An unfavorable resolution of any particular legal claim or
proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
position or results of operations.

RISK
FACTORS RELATED TO OUR DEBT

Increased
leverage may harm our financial condition and results of
operations.

Our total
liabilities at the end of fiscal 2010 were $1.8 billion. Of total liabilities,
$1.0 billion was debt incurred in connection with the accelerated stock
repurchase program announced in June 2007 when we announced that we would incur
$1.5 billion of indebtedness under a bridge credit facility to purchase shares
of our common stock through an accelerated stock repurchase program. We
subsequently issued $1.0 billion in senior unsecured notes and entered into a
bank loan in the aggregate principal amount of $0.5 billion to fully repay the
indebtedness under the bridge credit facility. We have since repaid in full the
outstanding principal on the bank loan prior to its original maturity of June
2012. Subsequent to the fiscal year end, we also repaid in full our senior
floating rate notes with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million due in
June 2010. We issued $250 million principal amount of senior unsecured notes
through a public offering in April 2010. Our long-term debt will have important
effects on our future operations, including, without
limitation:

 Page 16
of 98

 ·  

 we
 will have additional cash requirements in order to support the payment of
 principal and interest on our outstanding
 indebtedness;

 ·  

 increases
 in our outstanding indebtedness and leverage may increase our
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry
 conditions, as well as to competitive
pressure;

 ·  

 our
 ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
 expenditures, general corporate and other purposes may be limited;
 and

 ·  

 our
 flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
 our industry may be
limited.

Our
ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends
upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions,
industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our
consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. In addition,
under our multicurrency credit agreement with a bank, we are required to comply
with certain restrictive covenants, conditions, and default provisions that
require the maintenance of certain financial ratios. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt
or maintain compliance with the financial covenants of our multicurrency credit
agreement due to current economic conditions or otherwise, we may take certain
actions which require us to, among other things:

 ·  

 seek
 additional financing in the debt or equity
 markets;

 ·  

 refinance,
 retire or restructure all or a portion of our
 indebtedness;

 ·  

 sell
 selected assets;

 ·  

 reduce
 or delay planned capital expenditures;
or

 ·  

 reduce
 or delay planned operating
expenditures.

Such
measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt. In addition,
any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available on
economically favorable terms, if at all, particularly if our credit rating is
not strong.

Difficulties
in the credit markets may limit our ability to refinance our debt as it becomes
due.

We cannot
assure you that we will be able to refinance our debt as it becomes due. The
cost and availability of credit has been and may continue to be adversely
affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. Continued
turbulence in the U.S. and international markets and economies may adversely
affect the liquidity and financial conditions of issuers.

Increases
in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition.

Any
changes in prevailing interest rates will have an immediate effect on us because
we have entered into an interest rate swap arrangement that effectively converts
the fixed rate of interest on our $250 million aggregate principal amount of
3.95 percent senior unsecured notes due April 2015 to a floating rate. Any
increased interest expense associated with increases in interest rates will
adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our debt. As a
protection against rising interest rates, we may enter into other agreements
such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate exchange
contracts. However, our existing or any additional agreements may fail to
protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things, the other
parties to such agreements may fail to perform, or the terms of the agreements
may turn out to be unfavorable to us depending on rate movements.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO PERSONNEL AND MERGER AND ACQUISITION ACTIVITY

We
may not be able to attract or retain employees with skills necessary to remain
competitive in our industry.

Our
continued success depends in part on the recruitment and retention of skilled
personnel, including technical, marketing, management and staff personnel.
Experienced personnel in the semiconductor industry, particularly in our
targeted analog areas, are in high demand and competition for their skills is
intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully recruit and
retain the key personnel we require.

We
may pursue acquisitions and investments that could harm our operating results
and may disrupt our business.

We have
made and will continue to consider making strategic business investments,
alliances and acquisitions we consider necessary to gain access to key
technologies that we believe will augment our existing technical capability and
support our business model objectives. Acquisitions and investments involve
risks and uncertainties that may unfavorably impact our future financial
performance. We may not be able to integrate and develop the technologies we
acquire as expected. If the technology is not developed in a timely manner, we
may be unsuccessful in penetrating target markets. With any

 Page 17
of 98

acquisition
there are risks that future operating results may be unfavorably affected by
acquisition related costs, including in-process R&D charges and incremental
R&D spending.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO TAX AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

We
may be affected by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional
income tax liabilities.

As a
global company, our effective tax rate is dependent upon the geographic
composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region. We
are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign
jurisdictions, and complex analyses and significant judgment are required to
determine worldwide tax liabilities. From time to time, we have received notices
of tax assessments in various jurisdictions where we operate. We may receive
future notices of assessments and the amounts of these assessments or our
failure to favorably resolve such assessments may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations.

We have
significant amounts of deferred tax assets. The recognition of deferred tax
assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
the tax benefits associated with the deferred tax benefits will not be realized.
If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain
jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the enacted tax rates or
the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable
or deductible, we could be required to increase the valuation allowances against
our deferred tax assets, which would cause an increase in our effective tax
rate. Proposals and discussions in Congress and the Executive branch for new
U.S. tax legislation could, if adopted, adversely affect our effective tax rate.
A significant increase in our effective tax rate could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

We were
granted a tax holiday by the Malaysian government that is effective for a
ten-year period that began in our fiscal 2010. Such tax holiday is contingent
upon meeting certain minimum requirements either on an annual basis or over
specified periods of time ranging from 5 to 7 years. These requirements relate
to capital expenditures levels, statutory revenue realization and the
maintenance of a skilled workforce in Malaysia. If we are unable to meet these
requirements, our income in Malaysia would be subject to taxation by the
Malaysian government and this would result in increasing our effective tax
rate.

We
are subject to many environmental laws and regulations.

Increasingly
stringent environmental regulations restrict the amount and types of materials
that can be released from our operations into the environment. While the cost of
compliance with environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our
results of operations historically, compliance with these and any future
regulations could require significant capital investments in pollution control
equipment or changes in the way we make our products. In addition, because we
use hazardous and other regulated materials in our manufacturing processes, we
are subject to risks of liabilities and claims, regardless of fault, resulting
from accidental releases, including personal injury claims and civil and
criminal fines. The following should also be considered:

 ·  

 we
 currently are remediating past contamination at some of our
 sites;

 ·  

 we
 have been identified as a potentially responsible party at a number of
 Superfund sites where we (or our predecessors) disposed of wastes in the
 past; and

 ·  

 significant
 regulatory and public attention on the impact of semiconductor operations
 on the environment may result in more stringent regulations, further
 increasing our costs.

For more
information on environmental matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.