The following risk factors and other information included in
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties
 described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently
 deem less significant may also impair our business operations.
 Please see page 2 of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 for additional discussion of these forward-looking statements.
 If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business,
 operating results, and financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Factors
 beyond our control could cause our quarterly results to
 fluctuate, which could adversely impact our common stock
 price.

 We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of
 operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be
 relied upon as indicators of future performance. Many of the
 factors that could cause our quarterly operating results to
 fluctuate significantly in the future are beyond our control and
 include, but are not limited to, the following:

 • 

 Changes in general economic conditions and specific economic
 conditions in the computer, storage, and networking industries;

 • 

 General decrease in global corporate spending on information
 technology leading to a decline in demand for our products;

 • 

 A shift in federal government spending patterns;

 • 

 The possible effects of terrorist activity and international
 conflicts, which could lead to business interruptions and
 difficulty in forecasting;

 • 

 The level of competition in our target product markets;

 • 

 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers due to industry
 consolidation, which could subject us to periodic
 supply-and-demand,
 price rigidity, and quality issues with our components;

 • 

 The size, timing and cancellation of significant orders;

 • 

 Product configuration and mix;

 • 

 The extent to which our customers renew their service and
 maintenance contracts with us;

 • 

 Market acceptance of new products and product enhancements;

 • 

 Announcements and introductions of, and transitions to, new
 products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Deferrals of customer orders in anticipation of new products or
 product enhancements introduced by us or our competitors;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 Changes in our pricing in response to competitive pricing
 actions;

 • 

 Our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and
 enhancements in a timely manner;

 • 

 Supply constraints;

 • 

 Technological changes in our target product markets;

 • 

 The levels of expenditure on research and development and sales
 and marketing programs;

 • 

 Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;

 • 

 Excess or inadequate facilities;

 • 

 Disruptions resulting from new systems and processes as we
 continue to enhance and adapt our system infrastructure to
 accommodate future growth;

 • 

 Future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting
 policies and estimates; and

 • 

 Seasonality; for example, as the size of our business has grown,
 we have begun to see a seasonal decline in revenues in the first
 quarter of our fiscal year. Sales to the U.S. government
 also tend to be stronger during our second fiscal quarter,
 concurrent with the end of the U.S. federal
 government’s fiscal year end in September.

 In addition, sales for any future quarter may vary and
 accordingly be different from what we forecast. We manufacture
 products based on a combination of specific order requirements
 and forecasts of our customer demands. Products are typically
 shipped within one to four weeks following receipt of an order.
 In certain circumstances, customers may cancel or reschedule
 orders without penalty. Product sales are also difficult to
 forecast because the storage and data management market is
 rapidly evolving, and our sales cycle varies substantially from
 customer to customer.

 We derive a majority of our revenue in any given quarter from
 orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically follow
 intraquarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end
 of the quarter. If we do not achieve bookings in the latter part
 of a quarter consistent with our quarterly financial targets,
 our financial results will be adversely impacted. If revenues do
 not meet our expectations, our operating profit may be
 negatively impacted because portions of our expenses are fixed
 and difficult to reduce in a short period of time. If our
 revenues are lower than expected, our fixed expenses could
 adversely affect our net income and cash flow until revenues
 increase or until such fixed expenses are reduced to a level
 commensurate with revenues.

 Due to all of the foregoing factors, it is possible that in one
 or more quarters our results may fall below our forecasts and
 the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In
 such event, the trading price of our common stock would likely
 decrease.

 We
 cannot assure you that our OEM relationship with IBM will
 generate significant revenue.

 In April 2005, we announced a strategic partner relationship
 with IBM. As part of the relationship, we entered into an OEM
 agreement that enables IBM to sell IBM branded solutions based
 on NetApp unified solutions, including NearStore and the
 V-Series systems, as well as associated software offerings.
 While this agreement is an element of our strategy to expand our
 reach into more customers and countries, we do not have an
 exclusive relationship with IBM, and there is no minimum
 commitment for any given period of time; therefore, we cannot
 assure you that this relationship will contribute any revenue in
 future years. In addition, we have no control over the products
 that IBM selects to sell, or its release schedule and timing of
 those products; nor do we control its pricing. In the event that
 sales through IBM increase, we may experience distribution
 channel conflicts between our direct sales force and IBM or
 among our channel partners. If we fail to minimize channel
 conflicts, our operating results and financial condition could
 be harmed. We cannot assure you that this OEM relationship will
 generate significant revenue or that this strategic partnership
 will continue to be in effect for any specific period of time.

 13

Table of Contents

 If we
 are unable to maintain our existing relationships and develop
 new relationships with major strategic partners, our revenue may
 be impacted negatively.

 An element of our strategy to increase revenue is to
 strategically partner with major third party software and
 hardware vendors that integrate our products into their products
 and also co-market our products with these vendors. We have
 significant partner relationships with database, business
 application, backup management and server virtualization
 companies, including Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, Symantec and
 VMware. A number of these strategic partners are industry
 leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage
 market. There is intense competition for attractive strategic
 partners, and even if we can establish relationships with these
 partners, we cannot assure you that these partnerships will
 generate significant revenue or that the partnerships will
 continue to be in effect for any specific period of time.

 We intend to continue to establish and maintain business
 relationships with technology companies to accelerate the
 development and marketing of our storage solutions. To the
 extent that we are unsuccessful in developing new relationships
 and maintaining our existing relationships, our future revenue
 and operating results could be impacted negatively. In addition,
 the loss of a strategic partner could have a material adverse
 effect on our revenue and earnings.

 We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain existing
 resellers and attract new resellers and that channel conflicts
 will not materially adversely affect our channel relationships.
 In addition, we do not have exclusive relationships with our
 resellers and accordingly there is a risk that those resellers
 may give higher priority to products of other suppliers, which
 could materially adversely affect our operating
 results.

 We market and sell our storage solutions directly through our
 worldwide sales force and indirectly through channels such as
 value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, OEMs,
 and strategic business partners, and we derive a significant
 portion of our revenue from these indirect channel partners. In
 fiscal 2008, our indirect channels accounted for 63.0% of our
 consolidated revenues.

 In order for us to maintain our current revenue sources and
 maintain or increase our revenue, we must effectively manage our
 relationships with these indirect channel partners. To do so, we
 must attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified channel
 partners to successfully market our products. However, because
 we also sell our products directly to customers through our
 sales force, on occasion we compete with our indirect channels
 for sales of our products to our end customers, competition that
 could result in conflicts with these indirect channel partners
 and make it harder for us to attract and retain these indirect
 channel partners. At the same time, our indirect channel
 partners may offer products that are competitive to ours. In
 addition, because our reseller partners generally offer products
 from several different companies, including products of our
 competitors, these resellers may give higher priority to the
 marketing, sales, and support of our competitors’ products
 than ours. If we fail to effectively manage our relationships
 with these indirect channel partners to minimize channel
 conflict and continue to evaluate and meet our indirect sales
 partners’ needs with respect to our products, we will not
 be able to maintain or increase our revenue, which would have a
 materially adverse affect on our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. Additionally, if we do not manage
 distribution of our products and services and support
 effectively, or if our resellers’ financial condition or
 operations weaken, our revenues and gross margins could be
 adversely affected.

 The
 U.S. government has contributed to our revenue growth and has
 become an important customer for us. Future revenue from the
 U.S. government is subject to shifts in government spending
 patterns. A decrease in government demand for our products, or
 an adverse outcome in an ongoing investigation by the GSA and
 the Department of Justice, could materially affect our growth
 and result in civil penalties and a loss of
 revenues.

 The U.S. government has become an important customer for
 the storage market and for us; however, government demand is
 unpredictable, and there can be no assurance that we will
 maintain or grow our revenue from the U.S. government.
 Government agencies are subject to budgetary processes and
 expenditure constraints that could lead to delays or decreased
 capital expenditures in IT spending. If the government or
 individual agencies within the government reduce or shift their
 capital spending pattern, our financial results may be harmed.

 14

Table of Contents

 Selling our products to the U.S. government also subjects
 us to certain regulatory requirements. We received a subpoena
 from the Office of Inspector General for the General Services
 Administration (“GSA”) seeking various records
 relating to GSA contracting activity by us during the period
 beginning in 1995 and ending in 2005. The subpoena is part of an
 investigation being conducted by GSA and the Department of
 Justice regarding potential violations of the False Claims Act
 in connection with our GSA contracting activity. The subpoena
 requested a range of documents including documents relating to
 our discount practices and compliance with the price reduction
 clause provisions of its GSA contracts. We are cooperating with
 the investigation and have produced documents and met with the
 Department of Justice on several occasions. Violations of the
 False Claims Act could result in the imposition of a damage
 remedy which includes treble damages plus civil penalties, and
 could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future
 government contracting, any or a combination of which could have
 a material adverse effect on our results of operations or
 financial condition.

 The
 market price for our common stock has fluctuated significantly
 in the past and will likely continue to do so in the
 future.

 The market price for our common stock has experienced
 substantial volatility in the past, and several factors could
 cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These
 factors include but are not limited to:

 • 

 Fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 Variations between our operating results and either the guidance
 we have furnished to the public or the published expectations of
 securities analysts;

 • 

 Fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by
 investors to be comparable to us;

 • 

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections;

 • 

 Inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement or other
 regulatory bodies;

 • 

 Economic developments in the storage and data management market
 as a whole;

 • 

 International conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 Announcements of new products, applications or product
 enhancements by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Changes in our relationships with our suppliers, customers and
 channel and strategic partners; and

 • 

 General market conditions.

 In addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that
 has particularly affected the market prices of equity securities
 of many technology companies. Additionally, certain
 macroeconomic factors such as changes in interest rates, the
 market climate for the technology sector and levels of corporate
 spending on IT could also have an impact on the trading price of
 our stock. As a result, the market price of our common stock may
 fluctuate significantly in the future, and any broad market
 decline, as well as our own operating results, may materially
 and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

 Macroeconomic conditions and an IT spending slowdown as well as
 variations in our expected operating performance may continue to
 cause volatility in our stock price. We are unable to predict
 changes in general economic conditions and whether or to what
 extent global IT spending rates will be affected. Furthermore,
 if there are future reductions in either domestic or
 international IT spending rates, or if IT spending rates do not
 increase, our revenues, operating results, and stock price may
 continue to be adversely affected.

 Our
 forecasts of our revenues and earnings outlook may be inaccurate
 and could materially and adversely impact our business or our
 planned results of operations.

 Our revenues are difficult to forecast. We use a
 “pipeline” system, a common industry practice, to
 forecast revenues and trends in our business. Sales personnel
 monitor the status of potential business and estimate when a
 customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount of the
 sale and the products or services to be sold. These estimates
 are aggregated periodically to generate a sales pipeline. Our
 pipeline estimates may prove to be unreliable either in a
 particular quarter or over a longer period of time, in part
 because the “conversion rate” of the pipeline into

 15

Table of Contents

 contracts varies from customer to customer, can be difficult to
 estimate, and requires management judgment. Small deviations
 from our forecasted conversion rate may result in inaccurate
 plans and budgets and could materially and adversely impact our
 business or our planned results of operations. In particular, a
 slowdown in IT spending, weak general economic conditions or
 evolving technology can reduce the conversion rate in a
 particular quarter as our customers’ purchasing decisions
 are delayed, reduced in amount, or cancelled.

 In addition, we apply the provisions of Statement of Position
 97-2 and
 related interpretations to our product sales, both hardware and
 software, because our software is essential to the performance
 of our hardware. If we are unable to establish fair value for
 undelivered elements of a customer order, revenue relating to
 the entire order may be deferred until the revenue recognition
 criteria for all elements of the customer order are met. This
 could lower our net revenue in one period and increase it in
 future periods, resulting in greater variability in net revenue
 and income both on a period-to-period basis and on an actual
 versus forecast basis.

 If we
 are unable to successfully implement our global brand awareness
 campaign, we may not be able to increase our customer base,
 market share, or revenue, and our operating results will be
 adversely affected.

 We believe that building our global brand awareness is a key
 factor to the long term success of our business and will be
 crucial in order for us to grow our customer base, increase our
 market share, and accelerate our revenue growth. In order to
 increase this awareness, we launched a new branding campaign in
 March 2008, which includes a new company name, logo, tagline and
 new corporate messaging. We are also increasing our sales
 headcount in order to leverage our brand awareness campaign and
 build demand for our products with both new and existing
 customers. We are currently incurring, and will continue to
 incur, significant expenses as a result of these investments. If
 we are not successful in achieving our desired growth in
 revenue, customers, demand and market share, whether on the time
 line we have forecasted or at all, our operating results will be
 adversely affected.

 If we
 are unable to develop and introduce new products and respond to
 technological change, if our new products do not achieve market
 acceptance, if we fail to manage the transition between our new
 and old products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of
 service and support for our new products, our operating results
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 Our future growth depends upon the successful development and
 introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the
 complexity of storage subsystems and storage security appliances
 and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to
 produce new products, such products are subject to significant
 technical risks. In addition, our new products must respond to
 technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are
 unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and
 introduce new products in a timely manner in response to
 changing market conditions or customer requirements, or if such
 products do not achieve market acceptance, our operating results
 could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, new or
 additional product introductions may also adversely affect our
 sales of existing products, which could also materially and
 adversely affect our operating results.

 As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully
 manage the transition from older products in order to minimize
 disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, avoid excessive
 levels of older product inventories, and ensure that enough
 supplies of new products can be delivered to meet
 customers’ demands.

 As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase
 demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed
 to additional competition. We may not be able to provide
 products, service and support to effectively compete for these
 market opportunities. Furthermore, provision of greater levels
 of services may result in a delay in the timing of revenue
 recognition due to the provisions of Statement of Position
 No. 97-2
 and related interpretations.

 Our
 gross margins may vary based on the configuration of our product
 and service solutions, and such variation may make it more
 difficult to forecast our earnings.

 We derive a significant portion of our sales from the resale of
 disk drives as components of our storage systems, and the resale
 market for disk drives is highly competitive and subject to
 intense pricing pressures. Our sales of disk

 16

Table of Contents

 drives generate lower gross margin than those of our storage
 systems. As a result, as we sell more highly configured systems
 with greater disk drive content, overall gross margin may be
 negatively affected.

 Our product gross margins have been and may continue to be
 affected by a variety of other factors, including:

 • 

 Demand for storage and data management products;

 • 

 Pricing actions, rebates, initiatives, discount levels and price
 competition;

 • 

 Direct versus indirect and OEM sales;

 • 

 Product and add-on software mix;

 • 

 The mix of services as a percentage of revenue;

 • 

 The mix and average selling prices of products;

 • 

 The mix of disk content;

 • 

 New product introductions and enhancements;

 • 

 Excess inventory purchase commitments as a result of changes in
 demand forecasts and possible product and software defects as we
 transition our products; and

 • 

 The cost of components, manufacturing labor, quality, warranty
 and freight.

 Changes in service gross margins may result from various factors
 such as:

 • 

 Continued investments in our customer support infrastructure;

 • 

 Changes in the mix between technical support services and
 professional services; and

 • 

 The timing of technical support service contract initiations and
 renewals.

 An
 increase in competition could materially and adversely affect
 our operating results.

 The storage markets are intensely competitive and are
 characterized by rapidly changing technology. In the storage
 market, our primary and nearline storage system products and our
 associated storage software portfolio compete primarily with
 storage system products and data management software from EMC,
 HDS, HP, IBM, and Sun/StorageTek. We also see Dell, Inc. as a
 competitor in the storage marketplace, primarily through its
 business partnership with EMC, which allows Dell to resell EMC
 storage hardware and software products. We have also
 historically encountered less-frequent competition from other
 companies, including LSI Logic. In the secondary storage market,
 which includes the disk-to-disk backup, compliance, and business
 continuity segments, our solutions compete primarily against
 products from EMC and Sun/StorageTek. Our NearStore VTL
 appliances also compete with traditional tape backup solutions
 in the broader data backup/recovery space. Additionally, a
 number of small, new companies are currently attempting to enter
 the storage systems and data management software markets and the
 near-line and NearStore VTL storage markets, some of which may
 become significant competitors in the future.

 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our
 markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as
 companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions
 in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are
 unable to continue operations. We believe that industry
 consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better
 able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. In
 addition, current and potential competitors have established or
 may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with
 third parties. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors
 or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire
 significant market share. We cannot assure you that we will be
 able to compete successfully against current or future
 competitors. Competitive pressures we face could materially and
 adversely affect our operating results.

 17

Table of Contents

 We
 rely on a limited number of suppliers, and any disruption or
 termination of our supply arrangements could delay shipment of
 our products and could materially and adversely affect our
 operating results.

 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for components such as
 disk drives, computer boards and microprocessors utilized in the
 assembly of our products. In recent years, rapid industry
 consolidation has led to fewer component suppliers, which could
 subject us to periodic supply constraints and price rigidity.

 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers involves several
 risks, including:

 • 

 A potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required
 components;

 • 

 Supplier capacity constraints;

 • 

 Price increases;

 • 

 Timely delivery; and

 • 

 Component quality.

 Component quality risk is particularly significant with respect
 to our suppliers of disk drives. In order to meet product
 performance requirements, we must obtain disk drives of
 extremely high quality and capacity. In addition, there are
 periodic
 supply-and-demand
 issues for disk drives, microprocessors and semiconductor memory
 components, which could result in component shortages, selective
 supply allocations and increased prices of such components. We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain our full
 requirements of such components in the future or that prices of
 such components will not increase. In addition, problems with
 respect to yield and quality of such components and timeliness
 of deliveries could occur. Disruption or termination of the
 supply of these components could delay shipments of our products
 and could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
 Such delays could also damage relationships with current and
 prospective customers and suppliers.

 In addition, we license certain technology and software from
 third parties that are incorporated into our products. If we are
 unable to obtain or license the technology and software on a
 timely basis or on acceptable terms, we will not be able to
 deliver products to our customers in a timely manner.

 The
 loss of any contract manufacturers or the failure to accurately
 forecast demand for our products or successfully manage our
 relationships with our contract manufacturers could negatively
 impact our ability to manufacture and sell our
 products.

 We currently rely on several contract manufacturers to
 manufacture our products in multiple locations around the world.
 Our reliance on our third party contract manufacturers reduces
 our control over the manufacturing process, exposing us to
 risks, including reduced control over quality assurance,
 production costs and product supply. If we should fail to
 effectively manage our relationships with our contract
 manufacturers, or if our contract manufacturers experience
 delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control
 problems in their manufacturing operations, our ability to ship
 products to our customers could be impaired, and our competitive
 position and reputation could be harmed. Qualifying a new
 contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is
 expensive and time-consuming. If we are required to change
 contract manufacturers or bring certain manufacturing in-house,
 we may lose revenue and damage our customer relationships. If we
 inaccurately forecast demand for our products, we may have
 excess or inadequate inventory or incur cancellation charges or
 penalties, which could adversely impact our operating results.
 To date, we do not have any significant purchase commitments
 under our agreements with contract manufacturers.

 We intend to regularly introduce new products and product
 enhancements, which will require us to rapidly achieve volume
 production by coordinating with our contract manufacturers and
 suppliers. We may need to increase our material purchases,
 contract manufacturing capacity and quality functions to meet
 anticipated demand. The inability of our contract manufacturers
 to provide us with adequate supplies of high-quality products or
 their inability to obtain raw materials suitable for our needs
 could cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders.

 18

Table of Contents

 Our
 future financial performance depends on growth in the storage
 and data management markets. If these markets do not continue to
 grow at the rates we expect and upon which we calculate and
 forecast our growth, our operating results will be materially
 and adversely impacted.

 All of our products address the storage and data management
 markets. Accordingly, our future financial performance will
 depend in large part on continued growth in the storage and data
 management markets and on our ability to adapt to emerging
 standards in these markets. We cannot assure you that the
 markets for storage and data management will continue to grow or
 that emerging standards in these markets will not adversely
 affect the growth of UNIX, Windows and the World Wide Web server
 markets upon which we depend.

 For example, we provide our open access data retention solutions
 to customers within the financial services, healthcare,
 pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that
 are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with
 respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as
 Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended) in the United States and in the other countries in
 which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to
 comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this
 regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will
 not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our
 product offerings in these market and geographical segments at
 the rates for which we have forecast.

 We are
 exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio
 investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments
 could harm our financial results.

 At April 25, 2008, and April 27, 2007, we had
 $1,487.3 million and $1,430.7 million, respectively,
 in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted
 cash and investments. We invest our cash in a variety of
 financial instruments, consisting principally of investments in
 corporate bonds, money market funds, corporate securities,
 municipalities and the United States government and its
 agencies, and auction rate securities. These investments are
 subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate
 risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events such as the
 sub-prime mortgage crisis in the United States which has
 affected various sectors of the financial markets and led to
 global credit and liquidity issues. If the global credit market
 continues to deteriorate, our investment portfolio may be
 impacted and we could determine that some of our investments
 have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value,
 requiring an impairment charge which could adversely impact our
 financial results.

 We account for our investment instruments in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”)
 No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
 Equity Securities. All of the cash equivalents, marketable
 securities and restricted investments are treated as
 “available-for-sale” under SFAS No. 115.
 Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest
 earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed
 rate debt securities may have their market value adversely
 impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate
 securities may produce less income than expected if interest
 rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment
 income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
 rates. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments
 in our investment portfolio. Because we have the ability and
 intent to hold our available-for-sale investments until
 maturity, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in
 interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to
 maturity. However, we may suffer losses in principal if forced
 to sell securities that have experienced a decline in market
 value because of changes in interest rates. Currently, we do not
 use financial derivatives to hedge our interest rate exposure.

 Funds
 associated with certain of our auction rate securities may not
 be accessible for in excess of 12 months and our auction
 rate securities may experience an other than temporary decline
 in value, which would adversely affect our
 earnings.

 Auction rate securities or, ARS, held by us are securities with
 long term nominal maturities which, in accordance with
 investment policy guidelines, had credit ratings of AAA and Aaa
 at time of purchase. Interest rates for ARS are reset through a
 “Dutch auction” each month, which historically has
 provided a liquid market for these securities.

 Substantially all of our ARS are backed by pools of student
 loans guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education, and
 we believe the credit quality of these securities is high based
 on this guarantee. However liquidity

 19

Table of Contents

 issues in the global credit markets resulted in the failure of
 auctions for certain of our ARS investments, with a par value of
 $76.2 million at April 25, 2008. For each failed
 auction, the interest rate moves to a maximum rate defined for
 each security, and the ARS continue to pay interest in
 accordance with their terms, although the principal associated
 with the ARS will not be accessible until there is a successful
 auction or such time as other markets for ARS investments
 develop.

 We believe that the underlying credit quality of the assets
 backing our ARS investments have not been impacted by the
 reduced liquidity of these investments. Based on an analysis of
 the fair value and marketability of these investments, we
 recorded a temporary impairment within other accumulated
 comprehensive income, an element of stockholders’ equity on
 our balance sheet, of approximately $3.5 million at
 April 25, 2008. In addition, we have classified all of our
 auction rate securities that were not liquidated before
 April 25, 2008 as long-term assets in our consolidated
 balance sheet as of April 25, 2008 as our ability to
 liquidate such securities in the next 12 months is
 uncertain. If liquidity issues in the global credit market
 continue, or worsen, or if we experience reduced credit quality,
 extended illiquidity or realize reduced valuations of our ARS
 investments, we may determine that we have experienced an
 other-than-temporary decline in fair value in these long-term
 assets, which could adversely impact our financial results.

 Our
 leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 As a result of our sale of $1.265 billion of 1.75%
 convertible senior notes in June 2008 (the “Notes”),
 we have a greater amount of long-term debt than we have
 maintained in the past. We also have two credit facilities and
 various synthetic lease arrangements. As of April 25, 2008,
 as adjusted to give effect to the issuance of the Notes as of
 such date, we would have had approximately $1.438 billion
 of long-term debt outstanding. In addition, subject to the
 restrictions in our existing and any future financings
 agreements, we may incur additional debt.

 Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have
 important consequences because:

 • 

 It could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our obligations;

 • 

 An increased portion of our cash flows from operations may have
 to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not
 be available for operations, working capital, capital
 expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or
 other purposes;

 • 

 It may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the
 future;

 • 

 It may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to,
 changes in our business and industry; and

 • 

 It may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our
 industry or the economy in general.

 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will
 depend on our future performance, which will be affected by
 financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We
 will not be able to control many of these factors, such as
 economic conditions and governmental regulations. Our operations
 may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our
 debt. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in
 default on such debt, and this default could cause us to be in
 default on our other outstanding classes of debt.

 Future
 issuances of common stock and hedging activities by holders of
 the Notes may depress the trading price of our common stock and
 the Notes.

 Any issuance of equity securities after the Notes offering,
 including the issuance of shares upon conversion of the Notes,
 could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders,
 including holders who receive shares upon conversion of their
 Notes, and could substantially decrease the trading price of our
 common stock and the Notes. We may issue equity securities in
 the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our
 operations and business strategy (including in connection with
 acquisitions, strategic collaborations or other transactions),
 to increase our capital, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity,
 to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding
 warrants or options or for other reasons.

 20

Table of Contents

 In addition, the price of our common stock could also be
 affected by possible sales of our common stock by investors who
 view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity
 participation in our company and by hedging or arbitrage trading
 activity that we expect to develop involving our common stock by
 holders of the Notes. The hedging or arbitrage could, in turn,
 affect the trading price of the Notes, or any common stock that
 holders receive upon conversion of the Notes.

 Conversion
 of our Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing
 stockholders, including holders who had previously converted
 their Notes.

 The conversion of some or all of our outstanding Notes will
 dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders to the
 extent we deliver common stock upon conversion of the Notes.
 Upon conversion, we will satisfy our conversion obligation by
 delivering cash for the principal amount of a Note and shares of
 common stock, if any, to the extent the conversion value exceeds
 the principal amount. There would be no adjustment to the
 numerator in the net income per common share computation for the
 cash settled portion of the Notes as that portion of the debt
 instrument will always be settled in cash. The number of shares
 delivered upon conversion, if any, will be included in the
 denominator for the computation of diluted net income per common
 share. Any sales in the public market of any common stock
 issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing
 market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of
 the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants
 because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy
 short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Notes into
 shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common
 stock.

 The
 note hedge and warrant transactions that we entered into in
 connection with the sale of the Notes may affect the trading
 price of our common stock.

 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into
 privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with
 certain option counterparties (the “Counterparties”),
 which are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our
 common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. At the same time,
 we also entered into warrant transactions with the
 Counterparties pursuant to which we may issue shares of our
 common stock above a certain strike price. In connection with
 hedging these transactions, the Counterparties may have entered
 into various over-the-counter derivative transactions with
 respect to our common stock or purchased shares of our common
 stock in secondary market transactions at or following the
 pricing of the Notes. Such activities may have had the effect of
 increasing the price of our common stock. The Counterparties are
 likely to modify their hedge positions from time to time prior
 to conversion or maturity of the Notes by purchasing and selling
 shares of our common stock or entering into other derivative
 transactions. Additionally, these transactions may expose us to
 counterparty credit risk for nonperformance. We manage our
 exposure to counterparty credit risk through specific minimum
 credit standards and the diversification of counterparties. The
 effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities on
 the market price of our common stock or the Notes will depend,
 in part, on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this
 time, but any of these activities could adversely affect the
 value of our common stock.

 In addition, if our stock price exceeds the strike price for the
 warrants, there could be additional dilution to our
 shareholders, which could adversely affect the value of our
 common stock.

 Our
 synthetic leases are off-balance sheet arrangements that could
 negatively affect our financial condition and results. We are
 investing substantial resources in new facilities and physical
 infrastructure, which will increase our fixed costs. Our
 profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow
 proportionately to our increase in fixed costs.

 We have various synthetic lease arrangements with BNP Paribas
 Leasing Corporation (the lessor) for our headquarters office
 buildings in Sunnyvale, California and a data center in Research
 Triangle Park, North Carolina. These synthetic leases qualify
 for operating lease accounting treatment under
 SFAS No. 13, Accounting for Leases (as amended), and
 are not considered variable interest entities under
 FIN No. 46R “Consolidation of Variable Interest
 Entities (revised).” Therefore, we do not include the