All information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered and understood in the context of the following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially
harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. The following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. These risks can and will change in the future. 

Our business may be harmed by trends in the storage market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and
market changes. 

Our industry and the market in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due
to the increase in the demand for storage solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage solutions to address this demand. However, despite continued data growth, the storage market
did not experience growth in calendar year 2013 due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. Recent technology trends, such
as the emergence of cloud storage, software as a service (SaaS) and flash storage and converged architectures are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. The impact of these trends on both short-term and
long-term growth patterns is uncertain. If the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific market in which we compete decline, or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing
products and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer. 

Continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability. 

The continuing global economic uncertainty and political and fiscal challenges in the United States (U.S.) and abroad due to the financial
and fiscal crises of recent years have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the
information technology (IT) market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. The impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these
matters remain highly uncertain. Additionally, budgetary constraints and shifts in government spending priorities have caused, and may in the future again cause, governments, including the U.S. government, to decrease purchases of storage equipment.
Consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, and potentially cause harm to our operating results. Such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result in failure to meet our forecasted
financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth. 

Our quarterly operating results may
fluctuate materially, which could harm our common stock price. 

Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and
will continue to do so, sometimes materially. All of the matters discussed in this Risk Factor section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. In addition to those matters, we face the following issues which could impact
our quarterly results: 

•

 Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the
second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal government’s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and 

•

 Linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total
bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter. 

If our operating results fall below
our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if
disrupted, could harm our operating results. 

Our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. We
sell to a variety of customers, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles. In addition, the majority of our sales are made indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment
manufacturers (OEMs) and strategic business partners. During fiscal 2014, revenues generated from sales through our indirect channel accounted for 82% of net revenues. This structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue,
particularly within any particular fiscal quarter or year. Moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners are critical to our success. The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area could harm
our operating results, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically require a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. If we fail to maintain our relationships with our
indirect channel partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

If we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results will be harmed. 

We derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically follow intra-quarter
seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. If we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our
financial results will be harmed. 

We often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be
difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines. 

We base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and
a significant percentage of our expenses is fixed. It is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted. During periods of uneven growth or decline, we may
incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions
to support and grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop
more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Any disruption
to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We do not
manufacture our products or their components. Instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. Our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these
elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things: 

•

 Limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components; 

•

 The potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers that are higher than market rates; 

•

 Limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers’ demand fluctuations; 

•

 Labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own; 

•

 Geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 Business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the
quantities, quality and manner we require; and 

•

 Disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery
resources. 

Such risks have in the past and could again in the future subject us to supply constraints,
price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. The risks associated with our out-sourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new
facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers,
becomes critical. New manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. Any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier
to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships. 

We rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components. 

We rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the
future subject us to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. When industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to
our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. Accordingly, our operating results may be harmed. 

Our gross margins vary. 

Our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, the volume and relative mix of product, services and software entitlements and maintenance
(SEM) revenues. Increased component costs, increased pricing pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, changes in product, services and SEM revenue mix or decreased volume could harm
our revenues, gross margins or earnings. Our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives
and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals. 

The costs of third-party components comprise a significant
portion of our product costs. While we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. Any such
limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. An increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings. 

If we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for clustered Data ONTAP-based products or other new products while managing the transition from older products, or if we cannot
provide the expected level of quality, service and support for our new products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the complexity of storage subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging
the engineering effort required to produce new products, such products are subject to significant technical and quality control risks. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are currently devoting considerable effort and resources to develop, introduce and gain
customer acceptance for our clustered Data ONTAP-based products (cDOT). cDOT is our next generation storage operating system for our core products and represents a fundamental and revolutionary change to our solution architecture. Over time, our
goal is to replace our existing technology Data ONTAP 7-Mode with cDOT and, consequently, we anticipate that a majority of our revenues will ultimately derive from cDOT. We face considerable challenges as we develop and market cDOT, including,
without limitation, cost and complexity associated with migrating customer data and applications from legacy systems to cDOT-based systems, developing some features for cDOT currently available with Data ONTAP 7-Mode and potentially required by our
customers, and maintaining service, support and customer relationships as we replace Data ONTAP 7-Mode with cDOT. 

If we are
unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for cDOT, or any other new products, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

New or additional product introductions, including new
software and flash product offerings, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences or demand, our ability to expand production capacity to meet the demand for new products, our
ability to successfully manage the transition from older products, and our ability to forecast the impact of customers’ demand for new products or the products being replaced. In addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must
also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and related components and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers’ demands. Further risks inherent in new product introductions include the
uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of competitors, competitors’ responses to the introductions and the desire by customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time. If these risks are not managed effectively, we
could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model. 

As we enter new or emerging
markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. We may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities.

Increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results. 

The storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation.
We compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including companies that offer a broad spectrum of IT products and services (full-stack vendors) and others that offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services.
Several key competitors have greater financial resources and offer a more diverse portfolio of products and services. 

By
extending our flash and software-defined storage offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. In cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete
with large well established competitors. The longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined. 

For information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled “Competition” contained in Item 1. Business of this report. It is possible that new competitors or alliances
among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. 

An increase in industry consolidation might
result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. In addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties,
including some of our partners. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our OEM relationships may not generate significant revenues. 

We have OEM relationships with several companies, which collectively accounted for 9% of our net revenues during the fiscal 2014, compared
to 12% during the corresponding period of the prior year. These OEMs market and sell their branded solutions based on our unified solutions, as well as associated software offerings. While these arrangements are part of our general strategy to
expand our reach to more customers and into more countries, we do not have exclusive relationships with our OEMs, and there is no minimum commitment for any given period of time. We also compete with some of our OEMs, further complicating our
relationships with them. Therefore, our relationships with these OEMs may not continue to generate significant revenues and our total revenues may decline. In addition, we have no control over the products that the OEMs select to sell, or their
release schedule and timing of those products; nor do we control their pricing. 

A portion of our revenues is generated
by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected us in the past, and in the future could negatively affect our revenues.

For fiscal 2014, sales to distributors Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. accounted for 22% and 16%,
respectively, of our net revenues. We generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus we may not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders
from these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. In addition,
unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If any of our key
customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially
adversely impacted. 

Reduced U.S. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. In
addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the U.S. government. 

The U.S. government is an important customer for us. However, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary
fluctuations and constraints. Recent events, such as the U.S. federal government shutdown in October 2013 and continued uncertainty regarding the U.S. budget and debt levels, has increased demand uncertainty for our products, and has recently
resulted in lower sales to these customers. If the U.S. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the U.S. government continue to reduce or shift their IT spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.

Selling our products to the U.S. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain
regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial
condition. As an example, the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the General Services Administration (GSA) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with IT vendors, including us and several of our competitors and
channel partners, under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of GSA contracts for sales to the federal government. Although the DOJ and GSA currently have no claims
pending against us, we could face claims in the future. Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

21 

Table of Contents

Some of our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and other laws affecting
the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered; any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the Export
Administration Regulations administered by the Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).
The U.S., through the BIS and OFAC, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. Violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may
include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. We take a variety of precautions to
prevent our products from being shipped to U.S.-sanctioned targets; however, our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite such precautions. 

For instance, media reports starting in November 2011 asserted that certain of our products were delivered to Syria through a third-party
possibly in violation of U.S. export-control laws. Following these media reports, we met with U.S. government officials, provided information at their request, and expressed our willingness to continue cooperating with any further inquiry or
investigation. In April 2014, we were notified by the U.S. government that it had completed its review of the matter and determined that we did not violate the U.S. export laws and that the government had closed its inquiry into the matter. However,
if in the future we are ever found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition. As in the case of the media reports regarding Syria described above, even if we are not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant expense
and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing our normal day-to-day operations. Such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed. 

Our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to
integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. A detailed description of these partnership relationships is identified in the Business Section of this Annual Report. A number of these strategic partners are
industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management market. However, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant
revenues and may be terminated on short notice. For instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those
partners. Moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, complicating our relationships. If we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our
strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience
other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our failure to adjust to emerging standards in
the storage industry may harm our business. 

Emerging standards in the storage and data management
markets may adversely affect the UNIX®
, Windows
®
 and the World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial
services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with 

22 

Table of Contents

respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. If our
products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our product offerings in
these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted. 

If our products are defective, our gross
margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed. 

Our products are complex. We have experienced in
the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. Quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products. Quality issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service,
data loss or data corruption. If we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product
reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. Customers and we may experience losses that may result from or are alleged
to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages. 

Due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business.

A significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of
the U.S. For fiscal 2014, our international revenues accounted for 51% of our net revenues. In addition, a substantial portion of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S., and we have research and development and service centers overseas.
Accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely affected by factors affecting our international operations, but not experienced in the U.S., including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade
protection and export and import requirements, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. In addition, due to the
global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and
regulations related to data privacy. We are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws. Such factors could
have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We face exposure to adverse movements in
foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. We utilize forward
and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities as well as certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a short-term basis. Our hedging
strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets and liabilities for which we do not hedge could have a
material impact on our results of operations in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. 

Additional risks inherent in our international business activities generally include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment
cycles and difficulties in managing international operations. 

Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with
developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There can be no assurance that
all of our 

23 

Table of Contents

employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Any
such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results. 

Our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. These factors include among other
things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. Any of these factors could materially impact our operating results. 

We receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-U.S. customers. These benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and
regulations in the U.S. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. Future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. We
have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The United States, countries in the European Union and other countries
where we do business have been considering changes in relevant tax laws applicable to multinational corporations such as ours. These potential changes could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities.

We are currently undergoing income tax audits in the U.S. and several foreign tax jurisdictions, as described in Note 13 to
our consolidated financial statements. The U.S. and foreign tax authorities have questioned our intercompany transfer pricing arrangements during these audits. In recent years, several other U.S. companies have had their transfer pricing
arrangements challenged as part of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examinations, which have resulted in material proposed assessments and/or litigation with respect to those companies. 

If the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under the current IRS audits or audits being
conducted in any other tax jurisdiction results in an amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Our international operations currently benefit from a tax ruling concluded in the Netherlands which expires on April 30, 2015 and
results in a lower level of earnings subject to tax in the Netherlands. If we are unable to negotiate a similar tax ruling upon expiration of the current ruling, our effective tax rate could increase and our operating results could be adversely
affected. Our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. Additionally, our
effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations and how the operations are managed and structured. The price of our common stock could decline to the extent that our financial results are
materially affected by an adverse change in our effective tax rate. 

Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our
stockholders and to fully consummate our stock repurchase program could cause the market price of our stock to decline significantly. 

Our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and results of operations,
available cash and cash flow in the U.S, capital requirements, and other factors. Future dividends are subject to declaration by our Board of Directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares.
If we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. Additionally, price volatility of our
stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock’s market price at a given point in time. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities,
disrupt our existing business and harm our results of operations. 

As part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other
businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. In fiscal 2012, we completed the acquisition of certain assets related to Engenio, and in fiscal 2013, we
completed the acquisitions of CacheIQ and ionGrid. The benefits we expect to receive from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired
business. Any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions, any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, any failure to make the acquisition on favorable terms, or any failure to integrate the acquired business or assets
as and when expected, may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our results of
operations or our business. The failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our financial results. 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of
U.S. government securities. If global credit experiences prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a downgrade of U.S. government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have
experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. For a summary of these investments and our management of the same, please see “Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in this document. 

We are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of
our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses. 

Most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. While we monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, and
seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe are reasonable, we may experience losses due to a customer’s inability to pay. 

Beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. Under the terms of recourse
leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. 

We expect demand for customer financing to continue. During periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our
customers increases. In addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions. 

In the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers to whom we had extended open credit, provided lease financing arrangements or
guaranteed lease payments under full recourse lease arrangements. Such events have caused us to incur bad debt charges, in the case of financing arrangements have caused a loss of revenues, and in the case of recourse lease arrangements have caused
us to make payments to third-party financers. We may be subject to similar losses in future periods. Any future losses could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, to the
extent that turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for customers to obtain open credit or lease financing, those customers’ ability to purchase our products could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and operating results. 

25 

Table of Contents

A repatriation of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries to fund U.S. operations,
strategic opportunities or debt service may subject us to a significant tax liability. 

As of April 25, 2014, $4.3
billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Under current law, repatriation of this cash may trigger significant adverse tax consequences in the U.S. As a result, if the cash generated by our
domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our domestic operations and our broader corporate initiatives, such as stock repurchases, dividends, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities; and to service our outstanding indebtedness, we may
need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. Such additional financing may not be available on terms
favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our current stockholders’ ownership. Furthermore, lenders may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing credit. If adequate funds are not available,
or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign-held cash and incur a significant tax expense. In any such case, our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely impacted 

If we default under our significant debt obligations, including our Senior Notes and our recently issued notes, our business,
operating results and financial condition will be harmed. Moreover, covenants associated with our Senior Notes may unduly restrict our business. 

We have Senior Notes outstanding as of April 25, 2014 in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion that mature at specific dates in calendar 2017 and 2022. We have also established a revolving
credit facility under which we may borrow an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $250.0 million, under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of April 25, 2014. In addition, on June 5, 2014, we issued $500.0 million of senior
notes that mature in calendar 2021. We may fail to pay these obligations, as and when required. Specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our
debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. 

In addition, our debt and credit facility
arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. If we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these
agreements. Moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We have in the past and may in the future incur restructuring charges and asset impairment in response to changing market
conditions or cost-cutting initiatives. 

We have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives in response to changes
in market conditions and market demand for our products. For example, in May 2013 and March 2014 we executed restructuring events designed to focus our resources on key strategic initiatives and streamline our business in light of the constrained IT
spending environment. As a result, we recognized substantial restructuring expenses. We may in the future undertake initiatives that may include restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or both. Any decision to
take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and
penalties and claims from third party resellers or users of discontinued products. These charges would harm our operating results. In addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the
underlying restructuring activities. 

26 

Table of Contents

We are continually seeking ways to make our cost structure, business processes and
systems more efficient, including by moving activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing new business information systems. Problems with the execution of these activities
could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We continuously seek to make
our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business
information systems. These efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. In addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain
business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. If we are unable to move our
operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we
may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our
corporate culture. Because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers. Competition for qualified employees,
particularly in Silicon Valley, is intense. The loss of the services of a significant number of our employees, particularly our engineers, salespeople and key managers, could be disruptive to our development efforts or business relationships and
could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. If we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, due to increased shareholder activism, heightened focus
on corporate compensation practices, or increased scrutiny of the dilutive effects of such programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees. 

In addition, because of the structure of our cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. For example, the retention value of our
compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards. 

Our business could be
materially and adversely affected as a result of a natural disaster, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events. 

We
depend on the ability of our personnel, raw materials, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. Any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the
import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. Furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or
shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. If such disruptions result in cancellations of customer
orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on information technology, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands,
our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our headquarters and one of our major data centers are located in Northern California, an area susceptible to earthquakes. If any significant
disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired. 

27 

Table of Contents

Our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. 

Our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting
proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights.
We currently have multiple U.S. and international patent applications pending and multiple U.S. and international patents issued. The pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. If such challenges
are brought, the patents may be invalidated. We may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties.
Further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. In addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition.

Litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. Any such litigation may be
time-consuming and costly. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.
In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the U.S. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop
similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours. 

We are subject to intellectual property infringement claims. We may, from time to time, receive claims that we are infringing third parties’ intellectual property rights. Third parties may in the
future, claim infringement by us with respect to current or future products, patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights. We expect that companies in the network storage and data management market will increasingly be subject to infringement
claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. Any such claims could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment
delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be
available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or
the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results. 

The laws and
regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. For example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge
of hazardous materials, the SEC has recently adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We may incur costs to comply with the new
disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other
stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. As the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure
to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm. 

28 

Table of Contents

If a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a
disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business. 

Our clients (including data centers, SaaS, cloud computing and Internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers) rely on our products for
their data storage needs. We exercise little control over how our clients use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products. 

Our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. Because we do not control the
transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing.
Errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us. 

A failure or inability to meet our clients’ expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data
stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. Moreover, the risk of
reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. This may affect our ability to retain clients and
attract new business. 

If a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end user customer
systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities. 

We store and transmit sensitive and proprietary data related to our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party
vendors such as data centers and providers of SaaS, cloud computing, and Internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personally identifiable information. In the current
environment there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. Cybersecurity incidents or other security
breaches could result in unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information, litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage
our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products. Additionally, our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. We do not regularly monitor or review the information
or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. Therefore, if employees, clients, partners or their respective
customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personally identifiable or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error,
malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to
sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As we continue to increase our client base and expand
our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems. 

Many jurisdictions
have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding security breaches often lead to widespread negative publicity. Moreover, the risk
of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat 

29 

Table of Contents

rooms, and social media sites. Any security breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures,
negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and
adversely affect our business and operating results. 

There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our
contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not
continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us
that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected
fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations. 

A change in accounting standards or practices and varying
interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements, the increased use of fair value measures, changes to revenue recognition, lease accounting, financial instruments and other accounting standards could have a significant effect on our reported
financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

Implementation of accounting regulations and related interpretations
and policies, particularly those related to revenue recognition, could cause us to defer recognition of revenue or recognize lower revenue, which may affect our results of operations. 

30 

Table of Contents