The following risk factors and other information included in
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties
 described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently
 deem less significant may also impair our business operations.
 Please see page 3 of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 for additional discussion of these forward-looking statements.
 If any of the events or circumstances described in the following
 actually occurs, our business, operating results,
 and financial condition could be materially adversely
 affected.

 Our
 operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable
 economic and market conditions, including the current economic
 downturn.

 We are subject to the effects of general global economic and
 market conditions challenging economic conditions worldwide have
 from time to time contributed, and are currently contributing,
 to slowdowns in the computer, storage, and networking industries
 at large, as well as the information technology (“IT”)
 market, resulting in:

 • 

 Reduced demand for our products as a result of continued
 constraints on IT related spending by our customers;

 • 

 Increased price competition for our products from competitors;

 • 

 Deferment of purchases and orders by customers due to budgetary
 constraints or changes in current or planned utilization of our
 systems;

 11

Table of Contents

 • 

 Risk of excess and obsolete inventories;

 • 

 Excess facilities costs;

 • 

 Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue;

 • 

 Increased risk of losses or impairment charges related to our
 investment portfolio;

 • 

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on
 customers, distributors and resellers;

 • 

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on key
 suppliers or contract manufacturers; and

 • 

 Potential discontinuance of product lines or businesses and
 related asset impairments.

 The turmoil in the global credit markets, the recent instability
 in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world and
 other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global
 economic conditions. The economic challenges we initially
 experienced in the United States have spread throughout the
 world. If global economic and market conditions, or economic
 conditions in the United States or other key markets, remain
 uncertain, persist, or deteriorate further, we may experience
 material adverse impacts on our business, operating results, and
 financial condition.

 Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could adversely
 impact our common stock price.

 We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of
 operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be
 relied upon as indicators of future performance. Our operating
 results have in the past, and will continue to be, subject to
 quarterly fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of
 which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an
 uncertain global economic environment. These factors include,
 but are not limited to, the following:

 • 

 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, in part
 due to changes in general economic conditions and specific
 economic conditions in the computer, storage, and networking
 industries;

 • 

 A shift in federal government spending patterns;

 • 

 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and
 reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and
 associated revenue;

 • 

 The level of price and product competition in our target product
 markets;

 • 

 The impact of the current adverse economic and credit
 environment on our customers, channel partners, and suppliers,
 including their ability to obtain financing or to fund capital
 expenditures;

 • 

 The overall movement toward industry consolidations among both
 our competitors and our customers;

 • 

 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers due to industry
 consolidation, which could subject us to periodic
 supply-and-demand,
 price rigidity, and quality issues with our components;

 • 

 The timing of bookings or the cancellation of significant orders;

 • 

 Product configuration and mix;

 • 

 The extent to which our customers renew their service and
 maintenance contracts with us;

 • 

 Market acceptance of new products and product enhancements;

 • 

 Announcements and introductions of, and transitions to, new
 products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Deferrals of customer orders in anticipation of new products or
 product enhancements introduced by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Our ability to develop, introduce, and market new products and
 enhancements in a timely manner;

 • 

 Technological changes in our target product markets;

 • 

 Our levels of expenditure on research and development and sales
 and marketing programs;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;

 • 

 Adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result
 of our international operations;

 • 

 Excess or inadequate facilities;

 • 

 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing
 from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining
 the values of certain assets (including the amounts of valuation
 allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our
 consolidated financial statements;

 • 

 Disruptions resulting from new systems and processes as we
 continue to enhance and scale our system infrastructure;

 • 

 Future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting
 rules, such as the increased use of fair value measures and the
 potential requirement that U.S. registrants prepare
 financial statements in accordance with International Financial
 Reporting Standards (IFRS);

 • 

 Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues
 in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in
 revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the
 latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal
 government’s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of
 its orders, and

 • 

 Linearity, such as our historical intraquarter revenue pattern
 in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s
 total revenues occur in the last month of the quarter.

 Due to such factors, operating results for a future period are
 difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not
 necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future
 periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors
 discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 It is possible that in one or more quarters our results may fall
 below our forecasts and the expectations of public market
 analysts and investors. In such event, the trading price of our
 common stock would likely decrease.

 Our
 revenue for a particular period is difficult to forecast, and a
 shortfall in revenue may harm our business and our operating
 results.

 Our revenues for a particular period are difficult to forecast,
 especially in light of the current global economic downturn and
 related market uncertainty. Product sales are also difficult to
 forecast because the storage and data management market is
 rapidly evolving, and our sales cycle varies substantially from
 customer to customer. New or additional product introductions
 also increase the complexities of forecasting revenues.

 Additionally, we derive a majority of our revenue in any given
 quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings
 typically follow intraquarter seasonality patterns weighted
 toward the back end of the quarter. If we do not achieve
 bookings in the latter part of a quarter consistent with our
 quarterly targets, our financial results will be adversely
 impacted.

 We use a “pipeline” system, a common industry
 practice, to forecast bookings and trends in our business. Sales
 personnel monitor the status of potential business and estimate
 when a customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount
 of the sale and the products or services to be sold. These
 estimates are aggregated periodically to generate a bookings
 pipeline. Our pipeline estimates may prove to be unreliable
 either in a particular quarter or over a longer period of time,
 in part because the “conversion rate” of the pipeline
 into contracts varies from customer to customer, can be
 difficult to estimate, and requires management judgment. Small
 deviations from our forecasted conversion rate may result in
 inaccurate plans and budgets and could materially and adversely
 impact our business or our planned results of operations. In
 particular, the continued adverse events in the economic
 environment and financial markets have made it even more
 difficult for us to forecast our future results and may result
 in a reduction in our quarterly conversion rate as our
 customers’ purchasing decisions are delayed, reduced in
 amount, or cancelled.

 Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions
 has caused consumers, businesses and governments to defer
 purchases in response to tighter credit, decreased cash
 availability and declining customer confidence. Accordingly,
 future demand for our products could differ from our current
 expectations.

 13

Table of Contents

 We
 have experienced periods of alternating growth and decline in
 revenues and operating expenses. If we are not able to
 successfully manage these fluctuations, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be significantly
 impacted.

 The ongoing global financial crisis has led to a worldwide
 economic downturn that has negatively affected our business. If
 the current economic downturn continues or worsens, demand for
 our products and services and our revenues may be further
 reduced. A prolonged downturn can adversely affect our revenues,
 gross margin and results of operations. During such economic
 downturns, it is critical to appropriately align our cost
 structure with prevailing market conditions and to minimize the
 effect of such downturns on our operations, while also
 maintaining our capabilities and strategic investments for
 future growth.

 Our expense levels are based in part on our expectations as to
 future revenues, and a significant percentage of our expenses
 are fixed. We have a limited ability to quickly or significantly
 reduce our fixed costs, and if revenue levels are below our
 expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted.
 During uneven periods of growth, we may incur costs before we
 realize some of the anticipated benefits, which could harm our
 operating results. We have significant investments in
 engineering, sales, service support, marketing programs and
 other functions to support and grow our business. We are likely
 to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier
 than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these
 investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we
 expect, which could harm our business, operating results and
 financial condition.

 Conversely, if we are unable to effectively manage our resources
 and capacity, during periods of increasing demand for our
 products, we could experience a material adverse effect on
 operations and financial results. If the network storage market
 fails to grow, or grows slower than we expect, our revenues will
 be adversely affected. Also, even if IT spending increases, our
 revenue may not grow at the same pace.

 Our
 gross margins have varied over time and may continue to vary,
 and such variation may make it more difficult to forecast our
 earnings.

 Our product gross margins have been and may continue to be
 affected by a variety of factors, including:

 • 

 Demand for storage and data management products;

 • 

 Pricing actions, rebates, initiatives, discount levels, and
 price competition;

 • 

 Direct versus indirect and OEM sales;

 • 

 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix
 of configurations within each product group;

 • 

 Product and add-on software mix;

 • 

 The mix of services as a percentage of revenue;

 • 

 The mix and average selling prices of products;

 • 

 The mix of disk content;

 • 

 The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals;

 • 

 New product introductions and enhancements;

 • 

 Excess inventory purchase commitments as a result of changes in
 demand forecasts and possible product and software defects as we
 transition our products; and

 • 

 The cost of components, manufacturing labor, quality, warranty,
 and freight.

 Changes in software entitlements and maintenance gross margins
 may result from various factors, such as:

 • 

 The size of the installed base of products under support
 contracts;

 • 

 The timing of technical support service contract renewals;

 • 

 Demand for and the timing of delivery of upgrades;

 14

Table of Contents

 • 

 The timing of our technical support service initiatives; and

 • 

 The level of spending on our customer support infrastructure.

 Changes in service gross margins may result from various
 factors, such as:

 • 

 The mix of customers;

 • 

 The size and timing of service contract renewals;

 • 

 The volume and use of outside partners to deliver support
 services on our behalf; and

 • 

 Product quality and serviceability issues.

 Due to such factors, gross margins are subject to variations
 from period to period and are difficult to predict.

 Our
 cost-reduction initiatives and restructuring plans may not
 result in anticipated savings or more efficient operations. Our
 recently-announced restructuring may disrupt our operations and
 adversely affect our operations and financial
 results.

 On February 11, 2009, in response to the worsening global
 economic conditions and uncertainty about future IT spending, we
 announced a restructuring of our worldwide operations in an
 effort to strategically align our cost structure with expected
 revenues, as well as to reallocate resources into areas of our
 business with more growth potential.

 Additionally, in December 2008, we decided to cease development
 and availability of our
 SnapMirror®

 for Open Systems (“SMOS”) product, and as a result
 recorded restructuring and other charges attributable primarily
 to severance and employee-related and facility closure costs, as
 well as the impairment of certain acquired intangible assets.

 We may not be able to successfully complete and realize the
 expected benefits of these restructuring plans. Our
 restructuring plans may involve higher costs or a longer
 timetable, or they may fail to improve our gross margins,
 results of operations and cash flows as we anticipate. Our
 inability to realize these benefits may result in an ineffective
 business structure that could negatively impact our results of
 operations. In addition to costs related to severance and other
 employee-related costs, our restructuring plans may also subject
 us to litigation risks and expenses.

 In addition, our restructuring plans may have other adverse
 consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned reduction in
 workforce, the loss of employees with valuable knowledge or
 expertise, a negative impact on employee morale, or a gain in
 competitive advantage by our competitors over us. The
 restructuring efforts could also be disruptive to our day-to-day
 operations and cause our remaining employees to be less
 productive, which in turn may affect our revenue and other
 operating results in the future. In the event that the economy
 recovers sooner than we expect and results in increased IT
 spending, we may not have sufficient capacity to capitalize on
 the related increase in demand for our products and services.

 We may undertake future cost-reduction initiatives and
 restructuring plans that may adversely impact our operations;
 and we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our
 prior or any future restructurings.

 Changes
 in market conditions have led, and in the future could lead, to
 charges related to the discontinuance of certain of our products
 and asset impairments.

 In response to changes in economic conditions and market
 demands, we may be required to strategically realign our
 resources and consider cost containment measures including
 restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise discontinuing certain
 products. Any decision to limit investment in, dispose of, or
 otherwise exit products may result in the recording of charges
 to earnings, such as inventory and technology-related or other
 intangible asset write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges
 relating to consolidation of excess facilities, cancellation
 penalties or claims from third parties who were resellers or
 users of discontinued products, which would harm our operating
 results. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or
 ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets,
 including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result
 of such assessments and decisions. Additionally, we

 15

Table of Contents

 are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual
 basis, and between annual tests in certain circumstances when
 impairment indicators exist or if certain events or changes in
 circumstances have occurred. Future goodwill impairment tests
 may result in charges to earnings, which could materially harm
 our operating results.

 Our
 OEM relationship with IBM may not continue to generate
 significant revenue.

 In April 2005, we entered into an OEM agreement with IBM, which
 enables IBM to sell IBM branded solutions based on NetAppunified
 solutions, including
 NearStore®

 and V-Series systems, as well as associated software offerings.
 While this agreement is an element of our strategy to expand our
 reach into more customers and countries, we do not have an
 exclusive relationship with IBM, and there is no minimum
 commitment for any given period of time; therefore, this
 relationship may not continue to contribute revenue in future
 years. In addition, we have no control over the products that
 IBM selects to sell, or its release schedule and timing of those
 products; nor do we control its pricing. In the event that sales
 through IBM increase, we may experience distribution channel
 conflicts between our direct sales force and IBM or among our
 channel partners. If we fail to minimize channel conflicts, our
 operating results and financial condition could be harmed. We
 cannot assure you that this OEM relationship will continue to
 generate significant revenue while the agreement is in effect,
 or that the relationship will continue to be in effect for any
 specific period of time.

 If we
 are unable to maintain our existing relationships and develop
 new relationships with major strategic partners, our revenue may
 be impacted negatively.

 An element of our strategy to increase revenue is to
 strategically partner with major third-party software and
 hardware vendors that integrate our products into their products
 and also co-market our products with these vendors. We have
 significant partner relationships with database, business
 application, backup management and server virtualization
 companies, including Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, Symantec and
 VMware. A number of these strategic partners are industry
 leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage
 market. There is intense competition for attractive strategic
 partners, and even if we can establish relationships with these
 or other partners, these partnerships may not generate
 significant revenue or may not continue to be in effect for any
 specific period of time. If these relationships fail to
 materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product
 development or other operational difficulties.

 We intend to continue to establish and maintain business
 relationships with technology companies to accelerate the
 development and marketing of our storage solutions. To the
 extent that we are unsuccessful in developing new relationships
 or maintaining our existing relationships, our future revenue
 and operating results could be impacted negatively. In addition,
 the loss of a strategic partner could have a material adverse
 effect on our revenues and operating results.

 Disruption
 of or changes in our distribution model could harm our
 sales.

 If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services
 properly, or if our distributors’ financial condition or
 operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be
 adversely affected.

 We market and sell our storage solutions directly through our
 worldwide sales force and indirectly through channel partners
 such as value-added resellers, systems integrators,
 distributors, OEMs and strategic business partners, and we
 derive a significant portion of our revenue from these channel
 partners. During fiscal 2009, revenues generated from sales
 through our channel partners accounted for 69.0% of our
 revenues. In order for us to maintain or increase our revenues,
 we must effectively manage our relationships with channel
 partners.

 Several factors could result in disruption of or changes in our
 distribution model, which could materially harm our revenues and
 gross margins, including the following:

 • 

 We compete with some of our channel partners through our direct
 sales force, which may lead these partners to use other
 suppliers who do not directly sell their own products;

 • 

 Our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share
 of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear;

 16

Table of Contents

 • 

 Our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources
 and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in
 business conditions; and

 • 

 Revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our channel
 partners’ financial condition or operations weaken.

 In addition, we depend on our channel partners to comply with
 applicable regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which
 they operate. Their failure to do so could have a material
 adverse effect on our revenues and operating results.

 The
 U.S. government has contributed to our revenue growth and has
 become an important customer for us. Future revenue from the
 U.S. government is subject to shifts in government spending
 patterns. A decrease in government demand for our products could
 materially affect our revenues. In addition, our business could
 be adversely affected as a result of future examinations by the
 U.S. government.

 The U.S. government has become an important customer for
 the storage market and for us; however, government demand is
 unpredictable, and there can be no assurance that we will
 maintain or grow our revenue from the U.S. government.
 Government agencies are subject to budgetary processes and
 expenditure constraints that could lead to delays or decreased
 capital expenditures in IT spending. If the government or
 individual agencies within the government reduce or shift their
 capital spending patterns, our revenues and operating results
 may be harmed.

 In addition, selling our products to the U.S. government
 also subjects us to certain regulatory requirements. The failure
 to comply with these requirements could subject us to fines and
 other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on
 our revenues and operating results. For example, in April 2009,
 we entered into a settlement agreement with the United States of
 America, acting through the United States Department of Justice
 (“DOJ”) and on behalf of the General Services
 Administration (the “GSA”), under which we agreed to
 pay the United States $128.0 million, plus interest of
 $0.7 million, related to a dispute regarding our discount
 practices and compliance with the price reduction clause
 provisions of its GSA contracts between August 1997 and February
 2005. We are currently in discussions with the
 U.S. government to demonstrate that we have implemented
 processes and procedures to ensure that we comply with federal
 contracting rules. If we are unable to demonstrate to the
 U.S. government that we have implemented such improved
 policies and procedures or if we are subject to an adverse
 outcome in any future examinations of our federal contracting
 practices, we could be suspended or debarred from contracting
 with the U.S. government generally, or with any specific
 agency, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue
 and operating results.

 A
 portion of our revenue is generated by large, recurring
 purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A
 loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by these parties has
 and could continue to negatively affect our
 revenue.

 During fiscal 2009, two U.S. distributors accounted for
 approximately 10.5% and 10.6% of our revenues, respectively. The
 loss of continued orders from any of our more significant
 customers, strategic partners, distributors or resellers could
 cause our revenue and profitability to suffer. Our ability to
 attract new customers will depend on a variety of factors,
 including the cost-effectiveness, reliability, scalability,
 breadth and depth of our products.

 We generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with
 our customers for an extended period of time, and thus we may
 not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from
 these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our
 reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases
 and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop
 purchasing and marketing our products at any time.

 Recent turmoil in the credit markets may further negatively
 impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our
 customers, resellers and distributors, or the ability of our
 customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products.
 If the global economy and credit markets continue to deteriorate
 and our future sales decline, our financial condition and
 operating results could be adversely impacted.

 Because our expenses are based on our revenue forecasts, a
 substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to, or
 unexpected returns from, customers and resellers, or the loss of
 any significant customer or reseller,

 17

Table of Contents

 could harm our business. Although our largest customers may vary
 from period to period, we anticipate that our operating results
 for any given period will continue to depend on large orders
 from significant customers. In addition, a change in the mix of
 our customers could adversely affect our revenue and gross
 margins.

 We are
 exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, resellers,
 and distributors, as well as credit exposures in weakened
 markets, which could result in material losses.

 Most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with
 typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States
 and, because of local customs or conditions, longer in some
 markets outside the United States. We monitor individual
 customer payment capability in granting such open credit
 arrangements, and seek to limit such open credit to amounts we
 believe the customers can pay. Beyond our open credit
 arrangements, we also have recourse or nonrecourse customer
 financing leasing arrangements with third party leasing
 companies through preexisting relationships with customers.
 Under the terms of recourse leases, which are treated as
 off-balance sheet arrangements, we remain liable for the
 aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third party
 leasing company in the event that any customers default. We
 expect demand for customer financing to continue. During periods
 of economic downturn in the storage industry and the global
 economy, our exposure to credit risks from our customers
 increases. In addition, our exposure to credit risks of our
 customers may increase if our customers and their customers or
 their lease financing sources are adversely affected by the
 current global economic downturn, or if there is a continuation
 or worsening of the downturn. Although we have programs in place
 to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, such programs may
 not be effective in reducing our credit risks.

 In the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers both
 who have open credit and who have lease financing arrangements
 with us, causing us to incur bad debt charges, and, in the case
 of financing arrangements, a loss of revenues. There can be no
 assurance that additional losses will not occur in future
 periods. Any future losses could harm our business and have a
 material adverse effect on our operating results and financial
 condition. Additionally, to the extent that the recent turmoil
 in the credit markets makes it more difficult for customers to
 obtain open credit or lease financing, those customers’
 ability to purchase our product could be adversely impacted,
 which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial condition and operating results.

 The
 market price for our common stock has fluctuated significantly
 in the past and will likely continue to do so in the
 future.

 The market price for our common stock has experienced
 substantial volatility in the past, and several factors could
 cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These
 factors include but are not limited to:

 • 

 Fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 Variations between our operating results and either the guidance
 we have furnished to the public or the published expectations of
 securities analysts;

 • 

 Economic developments in the storage and data management market
 as a whole;

 • 

 Fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by
 investors to be comparable to us;

 • 

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections;

 • 

 Inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement, or other
 regulatory bodies;

 • 

 International conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 Announcements of new products, applications, or product
 enhancements by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Changes in our relationships with our suppliers, customers,
 channel and strategic partners; and

 • 

 General market conditions, including the recent financial and
 credit crisis and global economic downturn.

 In addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that
 has particularly affected the market prices of the equity
 securities of many technology companies. Certain macroeconomic
 factors such as changes in interest rates, the market climate
 for the technology sector, and levels of corporate spending on
 IT, as well as variations in our expected operating performance,
 could continue to have an impact on the trading price of our
 stock. As a result, the

 18

Table of Contents

 market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in
 the future, and any broad market decline may materially and
 adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

 If we
 are unable to develop and introduce new products and respond to
 technological change, if our new products do not achieve market
 acceptance, if we fail to manage the transition between our new
 and old products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of
 service and support for our new products, our operating results
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 Our future growth depends upon the successful development and
 introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the
 complexity of storage subsystems and storage security appliances
 and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to
 produce new products, such products are subject to significant
 technical risks. In addition, our new products must respond to
 technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are
 unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and
 introduce new products in a timely manner in response to
 changing market conditions or customer requirements, or if such
 products do not achieve market acceptance, our operating results
 could be materially and adversely affected. New or additional
 product introductions increase the complexities of forecasting
 revenues, and if not managed effectively, may adversely affect
 our sales of existing products.

 As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully
 manage the transition from older products in order to minimize
 disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, avoid excessive
 levels of older product inventories, and ensure that enough
 supplies of new products can be delivered to meet
 customers’ demands.

 As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase
 demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed
 to additional competition. We may not be able to provide
 products, service and support to effectively compete for these
 market opportunities.

 An
 increase in competition and industry consolidation could
 materially and adversely affect our operating
 results.

 The storage markets are intensely competitive and are
 characterized by rapidly changing technology. In the storage
 market, our primary and near-line storage system products and
 our associated software portfolio compete primarily with storage
 system products and data management software from EMC, Hitachi
 Data Systems, HP, IBM, and Sun Microsystems. In addition, Dell,
 Inc. is a competitor in the storage marketplace through its
 business arrangement with EMC, which allows Dell to resell EMC
 storage hardware and software products, as well as through
 Dell’s acquisition of EqualLogic, through which Dell offers
 low-priced storage solutions. In the secondary storage market,
 which includes the disk-to-disk backup, compliance and business
 continuity segments, our solutions compete primarily against
 products from EMC and Sun Microsystems. Our VTL products also
 compete with traditional tape backup solutions in the broader
 data backup/recovery space. Additionally, a number of small,
 newer companies have recently entered the storage systems and
 data management software markets, the near-line and VTL storage
 markets and the high-performance clustered storage markets, some
 of which may become significant competitors in the future.

 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our
 markets for several years. For example, in April 2009, Oracle
 Corporation, one of our strategic partners, announced its plan
 to acquire Sun Microsystems. We expect this trend to continue as
 companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions
 in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are
 unable to continue operations. We believe that industry
 consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better
 able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. In
 addition, current and potential competitors have established or
 may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with
 third parties. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors
 or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire
 significant market share. We may not be able to compete
 successfully against current or future competitors. Competitive
 pressures we face could materially and adversely affect our
 business and operating results.

 19

Table of Contents

 Our
 future financial performance depends on growth in the storage
 and data management markets. If these markets do not perform as
 we expect and upon which we calculate and forecast our revenues,
 our operating results will be materially and adversely
 impacted.

 All of our products address the storage and data management
 markets. Accordingly, our future financial performance will
 depend in large part on continued growth in the storage and data
 management markets and on our ability to adapt to emerging
 standards in these markets. The markets for storage and data
 management have been adversely impacted by the current global
 economic downturn and may not grow as anticipated or may
 continue to decline.

 Additionally, emerging standards in these markets may adversely
 affect the
 UNIX®,

 Windows
®

 and the World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For
 example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to
 customers within the financial services, healthcare,
 pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that
 are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with
 respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as
 Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended) in the United States and in the other countries in
 which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to
 comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this
 regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will
 not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our
 product offerings in these market and geographical segments at
 the rates which we have forecasted.

 Supply
 chain issues, including financial problems of contract
 manufacturers or component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate
 component supply or manufacturing capacity that increase our
 costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could
 have a material adverse impact on our business and operating
 results, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly
 may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could
 adversely affect our gross margins.

 The fact that we do not own or operate our manufacturing
 facilities and supply chain exposes us to risks, including
 reduced control over quality assurance, production costs and
 product supply, which could have a material adverse impact on
 the supply of our products and on our business and operating
 results.

 Financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component
 suppliers could limit supply, increase costs, or result in
 accelerated payment terms. The loss of any contract manufacturer
 or key supplier could negatively impact our ability to
 manufacture and sell our products. Qualifying a new contract
 manufacturer and commencing volume production is expensive and
 time-consuming. If we are required to change contract
 manufacturers, we may lose revenue and damage our customer
 relationships. Disruption or termination of manufacturing
 capacity or component supply could delay shipments of our
 products and could materially and adversely affect our operating
 results. Such delays could also damage relationships with
 current and prospective customers and suppliers, and our
 competitive position and reputation could be harmed.

 A return to growth in the economy is likely to put greater
 pressures on us, our contract manufacturers and our suppliers to
 accurately project demand and to establish optimal purchase
 commitment levels. Additionally, the reservation of
 manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other
 companies, inside or outside of our industry, or the inability
 by us to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our
 manufacturing or components requirements based upon business
 needs could result in either limitation of supply or increased
 costs from these suppliers.

 If we inaccurately forecast demand for our products or if there
 is lack of demand for our products, we may have excess or
 inadequate inventory or incur cancellation charges or penalties,
 which would increase our costs and have an adverse impact on our
 gross margins.

 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for components such as
 disk drives, computer boards and microprocessors utilized in the
 assembly of our products. In recent years, rapid industry
 consolidation has led to fewer component suppliers, which has
 and could subject us to future periodic supply constraints and
 price rigidity.

 Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase
 commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase
 components at prices that are higher than those available in the
 current market, or in amounts greater than

 20

Table of Contents

 our needs. In the event that we become committed to purchase
 components at prices in excess of the current market price when
 the components are actually used, or are committed to buy
 components in amounts greater than our needs, our gross margins
 could decrease.

 Component quality is a risk and is particularly significant with
 respect to our suppliers of disk drives. In order to meet
 product performance requirements, we must obtain disk drives of
 extremely high quality and capacity.

 As suppliers upgrade their components, they regularly “end
 of life” older components. As we become aware of an end of
 life situation, we attempt to make purchases or purchase
 commitments to cover all future requirements or find a suitable
 substitute component. We may not be able to obtain a sufficient
 supply of components on a timely and cost effective basis. Our
 failure to do so may lead to an adverse impact on our business.
 On the other hand, if we fail to anticipate customer demand
 properly or if there is reduced demand or no demand for our
 products, an oversupply of end of life components could result
 in excess or obsolete components that could adversely affect our
 gross margins.

 We intend to regularly introduce new products and product
 enhancements, which will require us to rapidly achieve volume
 production by coordinating with our contract manufacturers and
 suppliers. We may need to increase our material purchases,
 contract manufacturing capacity and quality functions to meet
 anticipated demand. The inability of our contract manufacturers
 or our component suppliers to provide us with adequate supplies
 of high-quality products and materials suitable for our needs
 could cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders.

 Our
 acquisitions may not provide the anticipated benefits and may
 disrupt our existing business.

 As part of our strategy, we are continuously evaluating
 opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies that would
 complement our current products, expand the breadth of our
 markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. On May 20,
 2009, we announced that we have entered into a definitive
 agreement to acquire Data Domain, Inc. (“Data
 Domain”). We subsequently amended the terms of the
 definitive agreement on June 3, 2009.

 The success of this and any future acquisition is impacted by a
 number of factors, and may be subject to the following risks:

 • 

 The inability to successfully integrate the operations,
 technologies, products and personnel of the acquired companies;

 • 

 The diversion of management’s attention from normal daily
 operations of the business;

 • 

 The loss of key employees; and

 • 

 Substantial transaction costs and accounting charges.

 • 

 Exposure to litigation related to acquisitions. For example, see
 the lawsuit related to Data Domain described in Part I,
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings below.

 This and any future acquisitions may also result in risks to our
 existing business, including:

 • 

 Dilution of our current stockholders’ percentage ownership
 to the extent we issue new equity;

 • 

 Assumption of additional liabilities;

 • 

 Incurrence of additional debt or a decline in available cash;
 adverse effects to our financial statements, such as the need to
 make large and immediate write-offs or the incurrence of
 restructuring and other related expenses;

 • 

 Liability for intellectual property infringement and other
 litigation claims, which we may or may not be aware of at the
 time of acquisition; and

 • 

 Creation of goodwill or other intangible assets that could
 result in significant future amortization expense or impairment
 charges.

 In addition, failure to complete the Data Domain acquisition as
 planned could negatively impact our stock price.

 The failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of an
 acquisition may also result in impairment charges for goodwill
 or acquired intangibles. For example, in fiscal 2009 we
 announced our decision to cease the development

 21

Table of Contents

 and availability of our SMOS product, which was originally
 acquired through our acquisition of Topio, Inc.
 (“Topio”) in fiscal 2007, resulting in the impairment
 of acquired intangibles related to such acquisition. Additional
 or realized risks of this nature could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 The occurrence of any of the above risks could seriously harm
 our business.

 We are
 exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio
 investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments
 could harm our financial results.

 At April 24, 2009, we had $2.6 billion in cash, cash
 equivalents, available-for-sale securities and restricted cash
 and investments. We invest our cash in a variety of financial
 instruments, consisting principally of investments in
 U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency
 bonds, corporate bonds, corporate securities, auction rate
 securities, certificates of deposit, and money market funds,
 including the Primary Fund. These investments are subject to
 general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which
 have been exacerbated by unusual events such as the financial
 and credit crisis, and bankruptcy filings in the United States
 which have affected various sectors of the financial markets and
 led to global credit and liquidity issues. These securities are
 generally classified as “available-for-sale” and,
 consequently, are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at
 fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a
 component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net
 of tax.

 Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest
 earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed
 rate debt securities may have their market value adversely
 impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate
 securities may produce less income than expected if interest
 rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment
 income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
 rates. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments
 in our investment portfolio. We may suffer losses if forced to
 sell securities that have experienced a decline in market value
 because of changes in interest rates. Currently, we do not use
 financial derivatives to hedge our interest rate exposure.

 The fair value of our investments may change significantly due
 to events and conditions in the credit and capital markets.
 These securities/issuers could be subject to review for possible
 downgrade. Any downgrade in these credit ratings may result in
 an additional decline in the estimated fair value of our
 investments. Changes in the various assumptions used to value
 these securities and any increase in the markets’ perceived
 risk associated with such investments may also result in a
 decline in estimated fair value. If such investments suffer
 market price declines, as we experienced with some of our
 investments during fiscal 2009, we may recognize in earnings the
 decline in the fair value of our investments below their cost
 basis when the decline is judged to be
 other-than-temporary.

 As a result of the bankruptcy filing of Lehman Brothers, which
 occurred during fiscal 2009, we recorded an other-than-temporary
 impairment charge of $11.8 million on our corporate bonds
 related to investments in Lehman Brothers securities and
 approximately $9.3 million on our investments in the
 Primary Fund that held Lehman Brothers investments. As of
 April 24, 2009, we have an investment in the Primary Fund,
 an AAA-rated money market fund at the time of purchase, with a
 par value of $60.9 million and an estimated fair value of
 $51.6 million, which suspended redemptions in September
 2008 and is in the process of liquidating its portfolio of
 investments. We received total distributions of
 $546.3 million during fiscal 2009 from the Primary Fund. On
 December 3, 2008, it announced a plan for liquidation and
 distribution of assets that includes the establishment of a
 special reserve to be set aside out of its assets for pending or
 threatened claims, as well as anticipated costs and expenses,
 including related legal and accounting fees. On
 February 26, 2009, the Primary Fund announced a plan to set
 aside $3.5 billion of the fund’s remaining assets as
 the “special reserve” which may be increased or
 decreased as further information becomes available. The Primary
 Fund has received an SEC order providing that the SEC will
 supervise the distribution of assets from the Primary Fund. Our
 pro rata share of the $3.5 billion special reserve is
 approximately $41.5 million. The Primary Fund plans to
 continue to make periodic distributions, up to the amount of the
 special reserve, on a pro-rata basis. We could realize
 additional losses in our holdings of the Primary Fund and may
 not receive all or a portion of our remaining balance in the
 Primary Fund as a result of market conditions and ongoing
 litigation against the fund.

 22

Table of Contents

 If the conditions in the credit and capital markets continue to
 worsen, our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could
 determine that more of our investments have experienced an
 other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring further
 impairments, which could adversely impact our financial position
 and operating results.

 Funds
 associated with certain of our auction rate securities may not
 be accessible for more than 12 months and our auction rate
 securities may experience further other-than-temporary declines
 in value, which would adversely affect our
 earnings.

 Auction rate securities (“ARS”) held by us are
 securities with long-term nominal maturities, which, in
 accordance with investment policy guidelines, had credit ratings
 of AAA and Aaa at time of purchase. Interest rates for ARS are
 reset through a “Dutch auction” each month, which
 prior to February 2008 had provided a liquid market for these
 securities.

 Substantially all of our ARS are backed by pools of student
 loans guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education, and
 we believe the credit quality of these securities is high based
 on this guarantee. However liquidity issues in the global credit
 markets resulted in the failure of auctions for certain of our
 ARS investments, with a par value of $73.3 million at
 April 24, 2009. For each failed auction, the interest rate
 resets to a maximum rate defined for each security, and the ARS
 continue to pay interest in accordance with their terms,
 although the principal associated with the ARS will not be
 accessible until there is a successful auction or such time as
 other markets for ARS investments develop.

 As of April 24, 2009, we determined there was a total
 decline in the fair value of our ARS investments of
 approximately $8.8 million, of which we recorded temporary
 impairment charges of $7.0 million, offset by unrealized
 gains of $0.3 million, and $2.1 million was recognized
 as an other-than-temporary impairment charge. In addition, we
 have classified all of our auction rate securities as long-term
 assets in our consolidated balance sheets of April 24, 2009
 as our ability to liquidate such securities in the next
 12 months is uncertain. Although we currently have the
 ability and intent to hold these ARS investments until recovery
 in market value or until maturity, if the current market
 conditions deteriorate further, or the anticipated recovery in
 market liquidity does not occur, we may be required to record
 additional impairment charges in future quarters.

 Our
 leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 As a result of our sale of $1.265 billion of 1.75%
 convertible senior notes in June 2008 (the “Notes”),
 we have a greater amount of long-term debt than we have
 maintained in the past. We also have a credit facility and
 various synthetic lease arrangements. In addition, subject to
 the restrictions in our existing and any future financings
 agreements, we may incur additional debt.

 Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have
 adverse consequences including:

 • 

 Adversely affecting our ability to satisfy our obligations;

 • 

 Increasing the portion of our cash flows from operations may
 have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may
 not be available for operations, working capital, capital
 expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or
 other purposes;

 • 

 Impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the
 future;

 • 

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to,
 changes in our business and industry; and

 • 

 Making us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our
 industry or the economy in general.

 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will
 depend on our future performance, which will be affected by
 financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We
 will not be able to control many of these factors, such as
 economic conditions and governmental regulations. Furthermore,
 our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows from
 operations to enable us to meet our expenses and service our
 debt. As a result, we may be required to repatriate funds from
 our foreign subsidiaries, which could result in a significant
 tax liability to us. If we are unable to generate sufficient
 cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to repatriate
 sufficient or any funds from our foreign subsidiaries, in order
 to meet our expenses and debt service obligations, we may need
 to utilize our existing line of credit to obtain the necessary
 funds, or we may be required to raise additional funds. If we
 determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for any
 reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding
 is

 23

Table of Contents

 available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail to make a
 payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt, and
 this default could cause us to be in default on our other
 outstanding indebtedness.

 We are
 subject to restrictive and financial covenants in our credit
 facility and synthetic lease arrangements. The restrictive
 covenants may restrict our ability to operate our
 business.

 Our access to undrawn amounts under our credit facility and the
 ongoing extension of credit under our synthetic lease
 arrangements are subject to continued compliance with financial
 covenants, which could be more challenging in a difficult
 operating environment. If we do not comply with these
 restrictive and financial covenants or otherwise default under
 the facility or arrangements, we may be required to repay any
 outstanding amounts under this credit facility or repurchase the