The following risk factors and other information included in
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties
 described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently
 deem less significant may also impair our business operations.
 Please see page 3 of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 for additional discussion of these 

 11

Table of Contents

 forward-looking
 statements. If any of the events or circumstances described in
 the following risk factors actually occurs, our business,
 operating results, and financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Our
 operating results may be adversely affected by uncertain
 economic and market conditions.

 We are subject to the effects of general global economic and
 market conditions. Challenging economic conditions worldwide
 have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the computer,
 storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the
 information technology (“IT”) market, resulting in:

 • 

 Reduced demand for our products as a result of constraints on IT
 related spending by our customers;

 • 

 Increased price competition for our products from competitors;

 • 

 Deferment of purchases and orders by customers due to budgetary
 constraints or changes in current or planned utilization of our
 systems;

 • 

 Risk of excess and obsolete inventories;

 • 

 Risk of supply constraints:

 • 

 Excess facilities costs;

 • 

 Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenues;

 • 

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on
 customers, distributors and resellers;

 • 

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on key
 suppliers or contract manufacturers; and

 • 

 Potential discontinuance of product lines or businesses and
 related asset impairments.

 Any of the above mentioned factors could have a material and
 adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

 Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could adversely
 impact our common stock price.

 We believe that
 period-to-period
 comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily
 meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of future
 performance. Our operating results have in the past, and will
 continue to be, subject to quarterly fluctuations as a result of
 numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more
 pronounced fluctuations during times of economic volatility.
 These factors include, but are not limited to, the following:

 • 

 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, in part
 due to changes in general economic conditions and specific
 economic conditions in the storage and data management market;

 • 

 A shift in federal government spending patterns;

 • 

 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and
 reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and
 associated revenues;

 • 

 The level of price and product competition in our target product
 markets;

 • 

 The impact of economic uncertainty on our customers’
 budgets and IT spending capacity;

 • 

 Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and
 purchase commitments;

 • 

 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers, and industry
 consolidation in our supply base, which could subject us to
 periodic
 supply-and-demand,
 price rigidity, and quality issues with our components;

 • 

 The timing of bookings, the cancellation of significant orders
 and the management of our backlog;

 • 

 Product configuration and mix;

 • 

 The extent to which our customers renew their service and
 maintenance contracts with us;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues
 in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in
 revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the
 latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal
 government’s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of
 its orders;

 • 

 Linearity, such as our historical intraquarter bookings and
 revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each
 quarter’s total bookings and related revenue occur in the
 last month of the quarter;

 • 

 Announcements and introductions of, and transitions to, new
 products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Deferrals of customer orders in anticipation of new products or
 product enhancements introduced by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Our ability to develop, introduce, and market new products and
 enhancements in a timely manner;

 • 

 Our levels of expenditure on research and development and sales
 and marketing programs;

 • 

 Our ability to effectively manage our operating expenses;

 • 

 Adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates in the
 countries in which we do business;

 • 

 The dilutive impact of our $1.265 billion of 1.75%
 convertible senior notes due June 2013 (the “Notes”)
 and related warrants on our earnings per share;

 • 

 Excess or inadequate facilities;

 • 

 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing
 from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining
 the values of certain assets (including the amounts of valuation
 allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our
 consolidated financial statements;

 • 

 Disruptions resulting from new systems and processes as we
 continue to enhance and scale our system infrastructure; and

 • 

 Future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting
 rules, such as the increased use of fair value measures, changes
 in accounting standards related to revenue recognition, and the
 potential requirement that U.S. registrants prepare
 financial statements in accordance with International Financial
 Reporting Standards (IFRS).

 Due to such factors, operating results for a future period are
 difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not
 necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future
 periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors
 discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 It is possible that in one or more quarters our results may fall
 below our forecasts and the expectations of public market
 analysts and investors. In such event, the trading price of our
 common stock would likely decrease.

 Our
 revenue for a particular period is difficult to forecast, and a
 shortfall in revenue may harm our business and our operating
 results.

 Our revenues for a particular period are difficult to forecast,
 especially in times of economic uncertainty. Our revenues are
 also difficult to forecast because the storage and data
 management market is rapidly evolving, and our sales cycle
 varies substantially from customer to customer. New or
 additional product introductions also increase the complexities
 of forecasting revenues.

 We derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from
 orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically follow
 intraquarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end
 of the quarter. If we do not achieve bookings in the latter part
 of a quarter consistent with our quarterly targets, our
 financial results will be adversely impacted. Additionally, due
 to the complexities associated with revenue recognition, we may
 not accurately forecast our non-deferred and deferred revenues,
 which could adversely impact our results of operations.

 We use a “pipeline” system, a common industry
 practice, to forecast bookings and trends in our business. Sales
 personnel monitor the status of potential business and estimate
 when a customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount
 of the sale and the products or services to be sold. These
 estimates are aggregated periodically to

 13

Table of Contents

 generate a bookings pipeline. Our pipeline estimates may prove
 to be unreliable either in a particular quarter or over a longer
 period of time, in part because the “conversion rate”
 of the pipeline into revenues varies from customer to customer,
 can be difficult to estimate, and requires management judgment,
 and also because customers’ purchasing decisions are
 subject to delay, reduction or cancellation. Small deviations
 from our forecasted conversion rate may result in inaccurate
 plans and budgets and could materially and adversely impact our
 business or our planned results of operations.

 Economic uncertainties have caused, and may in the future again
 cause, consumers, businesses and governments to defer purchases
 in response to tighter budgets, credit, decreased cash
 availability and declining customer confidence. Accordingly,
 future demand for our products could differ from our current
 expectations.

 We
 have experienced periods of alternating growth and decline in
 revenues and operating expenses. If we are not able to
 successfully manage these fluctuations, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be significantly
 impacted.

 Changing market conditions and economic uncertainty create a
 challenging operating environment for our business. It is
 critical that we maintain appropriate alignment between our cost
 structure and our expected growth and revenues, while at the
 same time, continue to make strategic investments for future
 growth.

 Our expense levels are based in part on our expectations as to
 future revenues, and a significant percentage of our expenses
 are fixed. We have a limited ability to quickly or significantly
 reduce our fixed costs, and if revenue levels are below our
 expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted.
 During periods of uneven growth, we may incur costs before we
 realize the anticipated related benefits, which could harm our
 operating results. We have made, and will continue to make,
 significant investments in engineering, sales, service and
 support, marketing programs and other functions to support and
 grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs
 associated with these investments earlier than some of the
 related anticipated benefits (revenue growth), and the return on
 these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than
 we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and
 financial condition.

 Conversely, if we are unable to effectively manage our resources
 and capacity during periods of increasing demand for our
 products, we could also experience an adverse impact to our
 business, operating results and financial condition. If the
 storage and data management market fails to grow, or grows
 slower than we expect, our revenues will be adversely affected.
 Also, even if IT spending increases, our revenues may not grow
 at the same pace.

 Our
 gross margins have varied over time and may continue to vary,
 and such variation may make it more difficult to forecast our
 earnings.

 Our total gross margins are impacted by the mix of product,
 software entitlements and maintenance and services revenues.

 Our product gross margins have been and may continue to be
 affected by a variety of factors, including:

 • 

 Demand for storage and data management products;

 • 

 Pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives, discount levels,
 and price competition;

 • 

 Direct versus indirect and OEM sales;

 • 

 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix
 of configurations within products;

 • 

 The mix of sales to commercial and U.S. government sector
 end users;

 • 

 The timing and amount of revenue recognized and deferred;

 • 

 New product introductions and enhancements;

 • 

 Licensing and royalty arrangements;

 14

Table of Contents

 • 

 Excess inventory levels or purchase commitments as a result of
 changes in demand forecasts or last time buy purchases;

 • 

 Possible product and software defects as we transition our
 products; and

 • 

 The cost of components, contract manufacturing costs, quality,
 warranty, and freight.

 Changes in software entitlements and maintenance gross margins
 may result from various factors, such as:

 • 

 The size of the installed base of products under support
 contracts;

 • 

 The timing of technical support service contract renewals;

 • 

 Demand for and the timing of delivery of upgrades; and

 • 

 The level of spending on our customer support infrastructure.

 Changes in service gross margins may result from various
 factors, such as:

 • 

 The mix of customers;

 • 

 The size and timing of service contract renewals;

 • 

 Spares stocking requirements to support new product
 introductions;

 • 

 The volume, cost and use of outside partners to deliver support
 services on our behalf; and

 • 

 Product quality and serviceability issues.

 Due to such factors, gross margins are subject to variations
 from period to period and are difficult to predict.

 An
 increase in competition and industry consolidation could
 materially and adversely affect our operating
 results.

 The storage and data management markets are intensely
 competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing
 technology. In the storage market, our primary and near-line
 storage system products and our associated software portfolio
 compete primarily with storage system products and data
 management software from EMC, Hitachi Data Systems, HP, IBM, and
 Oracle Corporation, through its acquisition of Sun Microsystems.
 In addition, Dell, Inc. is a competitor in the storage
 marketplace through its business arrangement with EMC, which
 allows Dell to resell EMC storage hardware and software
 products, as well as through Dell’s acquisition of
 EqualLogic, through which Dell offers low-priced storage
 solutions. In the secondary storage market, which includes the
 disk-to-disk
 backup, compliance and business continuity segments, our
 solutions compete primarily against products from EMC and Oracle
 Corporation, through its acquisition of Sun Microsystems.

 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our
 markets for several years. For example, in January 2010, Oracle
 Corporation, one of our strategic partners, completed its
 acquisition of Sun Microsystems, one of our competitors; in
 addition, in July 2009, EMC, one of our competitors, acquired
 Data Domain. We expect this trend to continue as companies
 attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an
 evolving industry and as companies become unable to maintain
 their competitive positions or continue operations. We believe
 that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors
 that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for
 customers. In addition, current and potential competitors have
 established or may establish strategic alliances among
 themselves or with third parties, including some of our
 partners. For example, in November 2009, Cisco and EMC together
 with VMware announced a Virtual Computing Environment coalition.
 It is possible that new competitors or alliances among
 competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
 share. We may not be able to compete successfully against
 current or future competitors. Competitive pressures we face
 could materially and adversely affect our business and operating
 results.

 15

Table of Contents

 Disruption
 of or changes in our distribution model could harm our
 sales.

 If we fail to develop and maintain strong relationships with our
 distributors, or if our distributors fail to effectively manage
 the sale of our products or services on our behalf, our revenues
 and gross margins could be adversely affected.

 We market and sell our storage data management solutions
 directly through our worldwide sales force and indirectly
 through channel partners such as value-added resellers, systems
 integrators, distributors, OEMs and strategic business partners,
 and we derive a significant portion of our revenues from these
 indirect channels. During fiscal 2010, revenues generated from
 sales from our indirect channel distribution accounted for 69%
 of our revenues. In order for us to maintain or increase our
 revenues, we must effectively manage our relationships with
 channel partners.

 Several factors could result in disruption of or changes in our
 indirect channel distribution model, which could materially harm
 our revenues and gross margins, including the following:

 • 

 Our indirect channel partners may compete directly with other
 channel partners or with our direct sales force. Due to these
 conflicts, our indirect channel partners could stop or reduce
 their efforts in marketing our products.

 • 

 Our indirect channel partners may demand that we absorb a
 greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to
 bear;

 • 

 Our indirect channel partners may have insufficient financial
 resources and may not be able to withstand changes and
 challenges in business conditions; and

 • 

 Our indirect channel partners’ financial condition or
 operations may weaken.

 There is no assurance that we will be able to attract new
 indirect channel partners, retain these indirect channel
 partners or that we will be able to secure additional or
 replacement indirect channel partners in the future, especially
 in light of changes in end customer demand patterns and changes
 in available and competing technologies from competitors. The
 loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a
 given geographic area could harm our operating results within
 that area, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel
 partners typically requires a significant investment of time and
 resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. Our
 inability to effectively establish, train, retain and manage our
 distribution channel could harm our sales.

 In addition, we depend on our indirect channel partners to
 comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the
 jurisdictions in which they operate. Their failure to do so
 could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and
 operating results.

 Our
 OEM relationship may not continue to generate significant
 revenues.

 In April 2005, we entered into an OEM agreement with IBM, which
 enables IBM to sell IBM branded solutions based on NetApp
 unified solutions, including
 NearStore®

 and V-Series systems, as well as associated software offerings.
 While this agreement is an element of our strategy to expand our
 reach into more customers and countries, we do not have an
 exclusive relationship with IBM, and there is no minimum
 commitment for any given period of time; therefore, this
 relationship may not continue to generate significant revenues.
 In addition, we have no control over the products that IBM
 selects to sell, or its release schedule and timing of those
 products; nor do we control its pricing.

 In the event that sales through our OEM relationship increase,
 we may experience distribution channel conflicts between our
 direct sales force and the OEM or among our channel partners. If
 we fail to minimize channel conflicts, or if our OEM
 relationship does not continue to generate significant revenues,
 our operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

 16

Table of Contents

 A
 portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring
 purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A
 loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties
 has and in the future could negatively affect our
 revenues.

 During fiscal 2010, sales to distributors Arrow and Avnet
 accounted for approximately 14% and 11%, respectively of our net
 revenues. The loss of orders from these, or any of our more
 significant customers, strategic partners, distributors or
 resellers could cause our revenues and profitability to suffer.
 Our ability to attract new customers will depend on a variety of
 factors, including the cost-effectiveness, reliability,
 scalability and comprehensiveness of our product offerings, and
 our ability to address customer demands.

 We also have an agreement with Fujitsu Technology Solutions
 (“Fujitsu”), which enables Fujitsu to lease, sell,
 market and resell NetApp products to end users and Fujitsu sales
 partners worldwide and to integrate NetApp products into Fujitsu
 bundled offerings, as well as to market NetApp’s support
 services.

 We generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with
 our customers for an extended period of time, and thus we may
 not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from
 these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our
 reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases
 and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop
 purchasing and marketing our products at any time.

 Unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact our
 operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, resellers
 and distributors, or the ability of our customers to obtain
 credit to finance purchases of our products. If the uncertainty
 in the economy continues, or conditions deteriorate, and our
 sales decline, our financial condition and operating results
 could be adversely impacted.

 Because our expenses are based on our revenue forecasts, a
 substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to, or
 unexpected returns from customers and resellers, or the loss of
 any significant customer or reseller, could harm our business.
 We expect that our largest customers in the future could be
 different from our largest customers today. End users could stop
 purchasing and indirect channel partners could stop marketing
 our products at any time. The loss of one or more of our key
 indirect channel partners or the failure to obtain and ship a
 number of large orders each quarter could harm our operating
 results. In addition, a change in the pricing practices of one
 or more of our large customers could adversely affect our
 revenues and gross margins.

 The
 U.S. government has contributed to our revenue growth and has
 become an important customer for us. Future revenue from the
 U.S. government is subject to shifts in government spending
 patterns. A decrease in government demand for our products could
 materially affect our revenues. In addition, our business could
 be adversely affected as a result of future examinations by the
 U.S. government.

 The U.S. government has become an important customer for
 the storage and data management market and for us; however,
 government demand is unpredictable, and there can be no
 assurance that we will maintain or grow our revenues from the
 U.S. government. Government agencies are subject to
 budgetary processes and expenditure constraints that could lead
 to delays or decreased capital expenditures in IT spending. If
 the government or individual agencies within the government
 reduce or shift their capital spending patterns, our revenues
 and operating results may be harmed.

 In addition, selling our products to the U.S. government
 also subjects us to certain regulatory requirements. For
 example, in April 2009, we entered into a settlement agreement
 with the United States of America, acting through the United
 States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and on behalf of
 the General Services Administration (the “GSA”), under
 which we paid the United States $128.0 million, plus interest of
 $0.7 million, related to a dispute regarding our discount
 practices and compliance with the price reduction clause
 provisions of GSA contracts between August 1997 and February
 2005. The failure to comply with U.S. government regulatory
 requirements could subject us to fines and other penalties,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues,
 operating results and financial position.

 If we
 are unable to maintain our existing relationships and develop
 new relationships with major strategic partners, our revenues
 may be impacted negatively.

 An element of our strategy to increase revenues is to
 strategically partner with major third-party software and
 hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products
 and also co-market our products with the vendors. We have
 significant partner relationships with database, business
 application, backup management and server

 17

Table of Contents

 virtualization companies, including Microsoft, Oracle, SAP,
 Symantec and VMware. In addition, in November 2009, we announced
 our intention to expand our relationship with Fujitsu, and in
 January 2010, we announced an expansion of our collaboration
 with Cisco and VMware, including a cooperative support
 arrangement. A number of these strategic partners are industry
 leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage
 and data management market. There is intense competition for
 attractive strategic partners, and even if we can establish
 relationships with these or other partners, these partnerships
 may not generate significant revenues or may not continue to be
 in effect for any specific period of time. If these
 relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could
 experience lower than expected revenue growth, suffer delays in
 product development, or other operational difficulties.

 In addition, some of our partners, including Oracle, Cisco and
 VMware, are also partnering with other storage vendors which may
 increase the availability of competing solutions, harm our
 ability to continue as the vendor of choice for those partners
 and harm our ability to grow our business with those partners.

 We intend to continue to establish and maintain business
 relationships with technology companies to expand our marketing
 reach and accelerate the development of our storage and data
 management solutions. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in
 developing new relationships or maintaining our existing
 relationships, our future revenues and operating results could
 be impacted negatively. In addition, the loss of a strategic
 partner could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and
 operating results.

 Our
 future financial performance depends on growth in the storage
 and data management markets. If the performance of these markets
 does not meet the expectations upon which we calculate and
 forecast our revenues, our operating results will be materially
 and adversely impacted.

 All of our products address the storage and data management
 markets. Accordingly, our future financial performance will
 depend in large part on continued growth in the storage and data
 management markets and on our ability to adapt to emerging
 standards in these markets. The markets for storage and data
 management have been recently adversely impacted by the global
 economic uncertainty, and as a result of continued uncertainty,
 the markets may not grow as anticipated or may decline.

 Additionally, emerging standards in these markets may adversely
 affect the
 UNIX®,

 Windows
®

 and the World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For
 example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to
 customers within the financial services, healthcare,
 pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that
 are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with
 respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as
 Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended) in the United States and in the other countries in
 which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to
 comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this
 regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will
 not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our
 product offerings in these market and geographical segments at
 the rates which we have forecasted.

 Supply
 chain issues, including financial problems of contract
 manufacturers or component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate
 component supply or manufacturing capacity that increases our
 costs or causes a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could
 have a material adverse impact on our business and operating
 results, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly
 may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could
 adversely affect our gross margins.

 The fact that we do not own or operate our manufacturing
 facilities and supply chain exposes us to risks, including
 reduced control over quality assurance, production costs and
 product supply, which could have a material adverse impact on
 the supply of our products and on our business and operating
 results. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for components
 utilized in the assembly of our products, which has and could
 subject us to future periodic supply constraints and price
 rigidity.

 Financial problems of either contract manufacturers, component
 suppliers or other parties in our supply chain and reservation
 of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other
 companies, inside or outside of our industry, could either limit
 supply or increase costs of our products. Qualifying a new
 contract manufacturer and

 18

Table of Contents

 commencing volume production is expensive and time-consuming,
 and disruption or termination of manufacturing capacity from any
 contract manufacturer could negatively impact our ability to
 manufacture and sell our products.

 We intend to regularly introduce new products and product
 enhancements, which will require us to rapidly achieve volume
 production by coordinating with our contract manufacturers and
 suppliers. A reduction or interruption in supply; a significant
 increase in the price of one or more components; a failure to
 adequately procure inventory by our contract manufacturers; a
 failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our
 requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in
 demand for our products could materially adversely affect our
 business, operating results, and financial condition and could
 materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a
 result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers,
 we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are
 higher than those available in the current market. In the event
 that we become committed to purchase components at prices in
 excess of the current market price when the components are
 actually used, our gross margins could decrease. As the demand
 for our products has increased, we have experienced, and may
 continue to experience tightening of supply of some components
 leading to longer lead times and component supply constraints,
 which has and in the future could continue to result in the
 delay of shipments.

 We are
 exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers,
 resellers, and distributors, especially during times of economic
 uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in
 material losses.

 Most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with
 typical payment terms of 30 days. While we monitor
 individual customer payment capability in granting such open
 credit arrangements, and seek to limit such open credit to
 amounts we believe are reasonable, we may experience losses due
 to a customer’s inability to pay.

 Beyond our open credit arrangements, we also have recourse and
 nonrecourse customer financing leasing arrangements using third
 party leasing companies. Under the terms of recourse leases,
 which are treated as off-balance sheet arrangements, we remain
 liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the
 third party leasing company in the event of end-user customer
 default. We also offer financing arrangements whereby the
 end-user customer pays a fixed monthly amount plus a variable
 amount based on actual storage capacity used. These arrangements
 subject us to additional risk around revenue recognition and
 profitability due to the uncertainties associated with the
 variable portion of the arrangements. In addition, from time to
 time we provide guarantees for a portion of other financing
 arrangements under which we could be called upon to make
 payments to our funding parties in the event of nonpayment by
 end-user customers.

 We expect demand for customer financing to continue. During
 periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks
 from our customers increases. In addition, our exposure to
 credit risks of our customers may increase further if our
 customers and their customers or their lease financing sources
 are adversely affected by global economic conditions.

 In the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers, both
 who have open credit and who have lease financing arrangements
 with us, causing us to incur bad debt charges, and, in the case
 of financing arrangements, a loss of revenues. We may be subject
 to similar losses in future periods. Any future losses could
 harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our
 operating results and financial condition. Additionally, to the
 extent that the recent turmoil in the credit markets makes it
 more difficult for customers to obtain open credit or lease
 financing, those customers’ ability to purchase our product
 could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material
 adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.

 The
 market price for our common stock has fluctuated significantly
 in the past and will likely continue to do so in the
 future.

 The market price for our common stock has experienced
 substantial volatility in the past, and several factors could
 cause substantial fluctuation in the future. These factors
 include but are not limited to:

 • 

 Fluctuations in our operating results compared to prior periods
 and forecasts;

 • 

 Variations between our operating results and either the guidance
 we have furnished to the public or the published expectations of
 securities analysts;

 • 

 Industry consolidation and the resulting perception of increased
 competition;

 19

Table of Contents

 • 

 Economic developments in the storage and data management market
 as a whole;

 • 

 Fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by
 investors to be comparable to us;

 • 

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections;

 • 

 Changes in our relationships with our suppliers, customers,
 channel and strategic partners;

 • 

 Announcements of the completion or dissolution of strategic
 alliances within the industry;

 • 

 Dilutive impacts of our convertible Notes and related warrants;

 • 

 International conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 Announcements of new products, applications, or product
 enhancements by us or our competitors;

 • 

 Inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement, or other
 regulatory bodies; and

 • 

 General market conditions, including recent global or regional
 economic uncertainties.

 In addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that
 has particularly affected the market prices of the equity
 securities of many technology companies. Certain macroeconomic
 factors such as changes in interest rates, the market climate
 for the technology sector, and levels of corporate spending on
 IT, could continue to have an impact on the trading price of our
 stock, and the market price of our common stock may fluctuate
 significantly in the future.

 Changes
 in market conditions have led, and in the future could lead, to
 charges related to the discontinuance of certain of our products
 and asset impairments.

 In response to changes in economic conditions and market
 demands, we may decide to strategically realign our resources
 and consider cost containment measures including restructuring,
 disposing of, or otherwise discontinuing certain products. Any
 decision to limit investment in, dispose of, or otherwise exit
 products may result in the recording of charges to earnings,
 including inventory and technology-related or other intangible
 asset write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to
 consolidation of excess facilities, cancellation penalties or
 claims from third parties who were resellers or users of
 discontinued products, which would harm our operating results.
 Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate
 recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including
 purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such
 assessments and decisions. Additionally, we are required to
 perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis, and
 between annual tests in certain circumstances when impairment
 indicators exist or if certain events or changes in
 circumstances have occurred. Future goodwill impairment tests
 may result in charges to earnings, which could materially harm
 our operating results.

 If we
 are unable to develop and introduce new products and respond to
 technological change, if our new products do not achieve market
 acceptance, if we fail to manage the interoperability and
 transition between our new and old products, or if we cannot
 provide the expected level of service and support for our new
 products, our operating results could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Our future growth depends upon the successful development and
 introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the
 complexity of storage subsystems and storage security appliances
 and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to
 produce new products, such products are subject to significant
 technical risks. In addition, our new products must respond to
 technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are
 unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and
 introduce new products in a timely manner in response to
 changing market conditions or customer requirements, or if such
 products do not achieve market acceptance, our operating results
 could be materially and adversely affected. New or additional
 product introductions increase the complexities of forecasting
 revenues, and subject us to additional financial and operational
 risks. If they are not managed effectively, we could experience
 material risks to our operations, financial condition and
 business model.

 As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully
 manage the interoperability and transition from older products
 in order to minimize disruption in customers’ ordering
 patterns, avoid excessive levels of older product inventories,
 and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered
 to meet customers’ demands.

 20

Table of Contents

 As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase
 demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed
 to additional competition. We may not be able to provide
 products, service and support to effectively compete for these
 market opportunities.

 Risks
 inherent in our international operations could have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

 A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from sales
 outside of the United States. During fiscal 2010, our
 international revenues accounted for 50% of our total revenues.
 A substantial portion of our products are manufactured outside
 of the U.S., and we have research and development and service
 centers overseas. Accordingly, our business and our future
 operating results could be adversely affected by a variety of
 factors affecting our international operations, some of which
 are beyond our control, including regulatory, political, or
 economic conditions in a specific country or region, trade
 protection measures and other regulatory requirements,
 government spending patterns, and acts of terrorism and
 international conflicts. In addition, we may not be able to
 maintain or increase international market demand for our
 products.

 We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency
 exchange rates as a result of our international operations.
 These exposures may change over time as business practices
 evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial results and cash flows. Our international sales are
 denominated in U.S. dollars and in foreign currencies. An
 increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to
 foreign currencies could make our products more expensive and
 therefore potentially less competitive in foreign markets.
 Conversely, lowering our price in local currency may result in
 lower
 U.S.-based
 revenues. A decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar
 relative to foreign currencies could increase operating expenses
 in foreign markets. Additionally, we have exposures to emerging
 market currencies, which can experience extreme volatility. We
 utilize forward and option contracts to hedge our foreign
 currency exposure associated with certain assets and liabilities
 as well as anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a
 short-term basis. All balance sheet hedges are marked to market
 through earnings every quarter. The time-value component of our
 cash flow hedges is recorded in earnings while all other gains
 and losses are marked to market through other comprehensive
 income until forecasted transactions occur, at which time such
 realized gains and losses are recognized in earnings. These
 hedges attempt to reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate,
 the impact of currency exchange movements. Factors that could
 have a negative impact on the effectiveness of our hedging
 program include inaccuracies in forecasting, widening interest
 rate differentials, and volatility in the foreign exchange
 market. Our hedging strategies may not be successful and
 currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material
 adverse effect on our operating results.

 Certain United States Government export restrictions impede our
 ability to sell to certain end users certain of our products.
 The United States, through the Bureau of Industry Security,
 places restrictions on the export of certain encryption
 technology. These restrictions may include: the requirement to
 have a license to export the technology; the requirement to have
 software licenses approved before export is allowed; and
 outright bans on the licensing of certain encryption technology
 to particular end users or to all end users in a particular
 country. Certain of our products are subject to various levels
 of export restrictions. These export restrictions could
 negatively impact our business. Our international operations are
 subject to other risks, including general import/export
 restrictions, regulations related to data privacy, and other
 complex rules and regulations under which we must conduct
 business in foreign countries. We are also subject to the
 potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy,
 misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our
 intellectual property rights than U.S. law. Such factors
 could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results
 and financial position.

 Additional risks inherent in our international business
 activities generally include, among others, longer accounts
 receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing
 international operations.

 Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with
 developing economies, it is common to engage in business
 practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us,
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement
 policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
 laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those
 companies to which we outsource certain of our business
 operations, may take actions in violation of these policies. Any
 such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 21

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from
 examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our
 results.

 Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by several
 factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:

 • 

 Earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we are
 taxed at lower rates as compared to the U.S. statutory tax
 rate;

 • 

 Material differences between forecasted and actual tax rates as
 a result of a shift in the mix of pretax profits and losses by
 tax jurisdiction, our ability to use tax credits, or effective
 tax rates by tax jurisdiction that differ from our estimates;

 • 

 Changing tax laws or related interpretations, accounting
 standards, regulations, and interpretations in multiple tax
 jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as the requirements
 of certain tax rulings;

 • 

 An increase in expenses not deductible for tax purposes,
 including certain stock-based compensation expense, write-offs
 of acquired in-process research and development, and impairment
 of goodwill;

 • 

 The tax effects of purchase accounting for acquisitions and
 restructuring charges that may cause fluctuations between
 reporting periods;

 • 

 Changes related to our ability to ultimately realize future
 benefits attributed to our deferred tax assets, including those
 related to
 other-than-temporary
 impairments;

 • 

 Tax assessments resulting from income tax audits or any related
 tax interest or penalties could significantly affect our income
 tax provision for the period in which the settlements take
 place; and

 • 

 A change in our decision to indefinitely reinvest foreign
 earnings.

 We receive significant tax benefits from sales to our
 non-U.S. customers.
 These benefits are contingent upon existing tax regulations in
 the United States and in the countries in which our
 international operations are located. Future changes in domestic
 or international tax regulations could adversely affect our
 ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. We have not
 provided for United States federal and state income taxes or
 foreign withholding taxes that may result on future remittances
 of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The Obama
 administration has announced several proposals to reform United
 States tax rules, including proposals that may result in a
 reduction or elimination of the deferral of United States income
 tax on our future unrepatriated earnings. Should such
 anti-deferral provisions be enacted, our effective tax rate
 could be adversely affected.

 We are currently undergoing federal income tax audits in the
 United States and several foreign tax jurisdictions. The rights
 to some of our intellectual property (“IP”) are owned
 by certain of our foreign subsidiaries, and payments are made
 between U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions relating to the
 use of this IP in a qualified cost sharing arrangement. In
 recent years, several other U.S. companies have had their
 foreign IP arrangements challenged as part of IRS examinations,
 which has resulted in material proposed assessments
 and/or
 litigation with respect to those companies.

 During fiscal year 2009, we received Notices of Proposed
 Adjustments from the IRS in connection with a federal income tax
 audit of our fiscal 2003 and 2004 tax returns. We filed a
 protest with the IRS in response to the Notices of Proposed
 Adjustments and subsequently received a rebuttal from the IRS
 examination team in response to our protest. We recently were
 informed by the IRS that this audit will proceed to the IRS
 Appeals level for further administrative review. The Notices of
 Proposed Adjustments in this audit focus primarily on issues of
 the timing and the amount of income recognized and deductions
 taken during the audit years and on the level of cost
 allocations made to foreign operations during the audit years.

 The IRS recently commenced the examination of our fiscal 2005
 through 2007 federal income tax returns, and in addition, the
 California Franchise Tax Board has notified us of their intent
 to examine our fiscal 2007 and 2008 California tax returns. The
 scope of the IRS and California Franchise Tax Board examinations
 are unclear at this time.

 If the ultimate determination of income taxes assessed under the
 current IRS audits or under audits being conducted in any of the
 other tax jurisdictions in which we operate results in an amount
 in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for,
 our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could
 be adversely affected.

 22

Table of Contents

 Our international operations currently benefit from a tax ruling
 concluded in the Netherlands which expires on April 30,
 2015 and results in a lower level of earnings subject to tax in
 the Netherlands. If we are unable to negotiate a similar tax
 ruling upon expiration of the current ruling, our effective tax
 rate could increase and our operating results could be adversely
 affected. Our effective tax rate could also be adversely
 affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing
 law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our
 operating and financial results as a whole. Our effective tax
 rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in
 international operations and how the operations are managed and
 structured. The price of our common stock could decline to the
 extent that our financial results are materially affected by an
 adverse change in our effective tax rate.

 Our
 leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect our
 financial condition, results of operations and our earnings per
 share.

 As a result of the sale of our Notes, we have a greater amount
 of long-term debt than we have maintained in the past. In
 addition, we have various synthetic lease arrangements related
 to some of our facilities at our corporate headquarters in
 Sunnyvale, California, and, subject to the restrictions in our
 existing and any future financing agreements, we may incur
 additional debt. Our maintenance of higher levels of
 indebtedness could have adverse consequences including:

 • 

 Impacting our ability to satisfy our obligations;

 • 

 Increasing the portion of our cash flows from operations may
 have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may
 not be available for operations, working capital, capital
 expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or
 other purposes;

 • 

 Impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the
 future;

 • 

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to,
 changes in our business and industry; and

 • 

 Making us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our
 industry or the economy in general.

 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will
 depend on our future performance, which will be affected by
 financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We
 will not be able to control many of these factors, such as
 economic conditions and governmental regulations. Furthermore,
 our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable
 us to meet our expenses and service our debt. As a result, we
 may be required to repatriate funds from our foreign
 subsidiaries which could result in a significant tax liability
 to us. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from
 operations, or if we are unable to repatriate sufficient or any
 funds from our foreign subsidiaries, in order to meet our
 expenses and debt service obligations, we may need to enter into
 new financing arrangements to obtain the necessary funds, or we
 may be required to raise additional funds through other means.
 If we determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for
 any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if
 funding is available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail
 to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such
 debt, and this default could cause us to be in default on our
 other outstanding indebtedness.

 The
 note hedges and warrant transactions that we entered into in
 connection with the sale of the Notes may affect the trading
 price of our common stock.

 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into
 privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with
 certain option counterparties (the “Counterparties”),
 which are expected to offset the potential dilution to our
 common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. At the same time,
 we also entered into warrant transactions with the
 Counterparties pursuant to which we may issue shares of our
 common stock above a certain strike price. In connection with
 these hedging transactions, the Counterparties may have entered
 into various
 over-the-counter
 derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or
 purchased shares of our common stock in secondary market
 transactions at or following the pricing of the Notes. Such
 activities may have had the effect of increasing the price of
 our common stock. The Counterparties are likely to modify their
 hedge positions from time to time prior to conversion or
 maturity of the Notes by purchasing and selling shares of our
 common stock or entering into other derivative transactions.
 Additionally, these transactions may expose us to counterparty
 credit risk for nonperformance. The effect, if any, of any of
 these transactions and activities on the market price of our
 common stock or the Notes will depend, in part, on market
 conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any

 23

Table of Contents

 of these activities could adversely affect the value of our
 common stock. In addition, if our stock price exceeds the strike
 price for the warrants, there could be additional dilution to
 our shareholders, which could adversely affect the value of our
 common stock.

 Lehman Brothers OTC Derivatives, Inc. (“Lehman OTC”)
 was the counterparty to 20% of our Note hedges. The bankruptcy
 filing by Lehman OTC on October 3, 2008 constituted an
 “event of default” under the hedge transaction. In
 April 2010, we terminated the hedge transaction with Lehman OTC
 in exchange for an unsecured bankruptcy claim, which we
 subsequently sold to a third party for approximately
 $14 million. Because we have decided not to replace the
 hedge, we are subject to potential dilution on the 20% unhedged
 portion of our Notes upon conversion if on the date of
 conversion the per-share market price of our common stock
 exceeds the conversion price of $31.85. The terms of the Notes,
 the rights of the holders of the Notes and other counterparties
 to Note hedges and warrants were not affected by the termination
 of this hedge.

 The price of our common stock could also be affected by sales of
 our common stock by investors who view the Notes as a more
 attractive means of equity participation in our company and by
 hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop
 involving our common stock by holders of the Notes. The hedging
 or arbitrage could, in turn, affect the trading price of the
 Notes and warrants.

 Future
 issuances of common stock related to our Notes, warrants, stock
 options, restricted stock units, and our Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock
 and the Notes.

 The conversion of some or all of our outstanding Notes will
 dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders to the
 extent we deliver common stock upon conversion of the Notes. We
 will satisfy our obligation upon conversion by delivering cash
 for the principal amount of the Notes and shares of common
 stock, if any, to the extent the conversion value exceeds the
 principal amount. Any new issuance of equity securities,
 including the issuance of shares upon conversion of the Notes or
 the exercise of related warrants which are not offset by our
 Note hedges, could dilute the interests of our then-existing
 stockholders, including holders who receive shares upon
 conversion of their Notes, and could substantially decrease the
 trading price of our common stock and the Notes. In addition,
 any sales in the public market of any common stock issuable upon
 such conversion or the exercise of warrants could adversely
 affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.

 As of April 30, 2010, we had options to purchase
 approximately 35 million shares of our common stock
 outstanding and a total of approximately 9 million
 restricted shares and restricted stock units outstanding. If all
 of these outstanding options were exercised, and all of the
 outstanding restricted stock and restricted stock units vested,
 the proceeds to the Company would average approximately $18 per
 share. We also had 15.5 million shares of our common stock
 reserved for issuance under our stock plans with respect to
 equity awards that have not been granted. The exercise of all of
 the outstanding options
 and/or the
 vesting of all outstanding restricted shares and restricted
 stock units would dilute the interests of our then-existing
 stockholders, and any sales in the public market of the common
 stock issuable upon such exercise could adversely affect the
 trading price of our common stock.

 In addition, we have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
 under which employees are entitled to purchase shares of our
 common stock at 85% of the fair market value at certain
 specified dates over a two-year period. As of April 30,
 2010, we had approximately 5.0 million shares of our common
 stock available for issuance under the ESPP. The issuance of
 shares under the ESPP would dilute the interests of our
 then-existing stockholders, and any sales in the public market
 of the common stock issuable upon such exercise could adversely
 affect the trading price of our common stock.

 We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of
 reasons, including to finance our operations related to business
 strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic
 alliances or other transactions), to increase our capital, to
 adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations
 upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options upon
 conversion of the Notes, or for other reasons.

 24

Table of Contents

 We are
 exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio
 investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments
 could harm our financial results.

 At April 30, 2010, we had $3.8 billion in cash, cash
 equivalents,
 available-for-sale
 securities and restricted cash and investments. We invest our
 cash in a variety of financial instruments, consisting
 principally of investments in U.S. Treasury securities,
 commercial paper, U.S. government agency bonds, corporate
 bonds, auction rate securities, certificates of deposit, and
 money market funds. These investments are subject to general
 credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which have
 been exacerbated by unusual events such as the financial and
 credit crisis, and bankruptcy filings in the United States which
 have affected various sectors of the financial markets and led
 to global credit and liquidity issues. These securities are
 generally classified as

“available-for-sale”
 and, consequently, are recorded on our consolidated balance
 sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as
 a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),
 net of tax.

 Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest
 earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed
 rate debt securities may have their market value adversely
 impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate
 securities may produce less income than expected if interest
 rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment
 income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
 rates. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments
 in our investment portfolio. We may suffer losses if forced to
 sell securities that have experienced a decline in market value
 because of changes in interest rates. Currently, we do not use
 financial derivatives to hedge our interest rate exposure.

 The fair value of our investments may change significantly due
 to events and conditions in the credit and capital markets. For
 instance, as a result of the bankruptcy filing of Lehman
 Brothers, which occurred during fiscal 2009, we recorded an
 other-than-temporary
 impairment charge of $11.8 million on our corporate bonds
 related to investments in Lehman Brothers securities and
 approximately $9.3 million on our investments in the
 Primary Fund that held Lehman Brothers investments. Any
 investment securities that we hold or the issues of such
 securities could be subject to review for possible downgrade.
 Any downgrade in these credit ratings may result in an
 additional decline in the estimated fair value of our
 investments. Changes in the various assumptions used to value
 these securities and any increase in the markets’ perceived
 risk associated with such investments may also result in a
 decline in estimated fair value. If such investments suffer
 market price declines, as we experienced with some of our
 investments during fiscal 2009, we may recognize in earnings the
 decline in the fair value of our investments below their cost
 basis when the decline is judged to be

other-than-temporary.

 On occasion, we make strategic investments in other companies,
 including private equity funds, which may decline in value
 and/or not
 meet desired objectives. The success of these investments
 depends on various factors over which we may have limited or no
 control. As of April 30, 2010, we had an investment with
 the carrying value of $1.4 million in a private equity
 fund. The risks to our strategic investment portfolio may be
 exacerbated by unfavorable financial market and macroeconomic
 conditions and, as a result, the value of the investment
 portfolio could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment
 charges.

 In the event of adverse conditions in the credit and capital
 markets, our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could
 determine that some or all of our investments have experienced
 an
 other-than-temporary
 decline in fair value, requiring further impairments, which
 could adversely impact our financial position and operating
 results.

 A
 significant portion of our cash and cash equivalents balances
 are held overseas. If we are not able to generate sufficient
 cash domestically in order to fund our U.S. operations and
 strategic opportunities, and to service our debt, we may incur a
 significant tax liability in order to repatriate the overseas
 cash balances, or we may need to raise additional capital in the
 future.

 A portion of our earnings which is generated from our
 international operations is held and invested by certain of our
 foreign subsidiaries. These amounts are not freely available for
 dividend repatriation to the United States without triggering
 significant adverse tax consequences, which could adversely
 affect our financial results. As a result, if the cash generated
 by our domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our
 domestic operations, our broader corporate initiatives such as
 stock repurchases, acquisitions, and other strategic
 opportunities, and to service our outstanding indebtedness, we
 may need to raise additional funds through public or private
 debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit
 facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our
 overseas cash. Such

 25

Table of Contents

 additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to
 us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would
 dilute our current stockholders’ ownership. Furthermore,
 lenders, particularly in light of the current challenges in the
 credit markets, may not agree to extend us new, additional or
 continuing credit. If adequate funds are not available, or are
 not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to
 repatriate our foreign cash and incur a significant tax expense
 or we may not be able to take advantage of strategic
 opportunities, develop new products, respond to competitive
 pressures or repay our outstanding indebtedness. In any such
 case, our business, operating results or financial condition
 could be adversely impacted.

 Our
 synthetic leases are off-balance sheet arrangements that could
 negatively affect our financial condition and operating results.
 We have invested substantial resources in new facilities and
 physical infrastructure, which will increase our fixed costs.
 Our operating results could be harmed if our business does not
 grow proportionately to our increase in fixed
 costs.

 We have various synthetic lease arrangements with BNP Paribas
 Leasing Corporation as lessor (“BBPPLC”) for our
 headquarters office buildings and land in Sunnyvale, California.
 These synthetic leases qualify for operating lease accounting
 treatment under the accounting guidance for leases and are not
 considered variable interest entities under applicable
 accounting guidance. Therefore, we do not include the properties
 or the associated debt on our condensed consolidated balance
 sheet. However, if circumstances were to change regarding our or
 BNPPLC’s ownership of the properties, or in BNPPLC’s
 overall portfolio, we could be required to consolidate the
 entity, the leased facilities and the associated debt.

 Our future minimum lease payments under these synthetic leases
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business by restricting the funds available for use in
 addressing such changes. If we are unable to grow our business
 and revenues proportionately to our increase in fixed costs, our
 operating results will be harmed. If we elect not to purchase
 the properties at the end of the lease term, we have guaranteed
 a minimum residual value to BNPPLC. If the fair value of the