All information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered and understood in the context of the
following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. The following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. These
risks can and will change in the future. 

Continuing uncertain economic conditions restrict our visibility and may
harm our operating results. 

The continuing global economic uncertainty and related political and fiscal challenges in
the U.S. and abroad (particularly the Eurozone) due to the debt and fiscal crises of recent years have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer,
storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the information technology (IT) market, and potentially constrains future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. The impacts of these circumstances are global and
pervasive, affecting all participants in our industry, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. Moreover, a significant portion of our sales are to Eurozone customers and, accordingly, we are
particularly sensitive to developments in that region. Additionally, fiscal restraints have caused, and may in the future again cause governments to defer purchases in response to tighter budgets. Consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge
our business for the foreseeable future, and potentially cause harm to our operating results and failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations. 

When and if the current macroeconomic challenges are resolved, we expect the risk of economic uncertainty to continue, with the potential to restrict our visibility and harm our operating results.

Our business may be harmed if growth in the storage market declines. 

Our industry has experienced significant historical growth due to the continuing increase in the demand for storage by consumers,
enterprises and government bodies around the world, and our customers’ purchases of storage solutions to address this demand. While IT spending has fluctuated periodically due to technology transitions and changing economic and business
environments, overall growth in demand for storage has continued. Recent technology trends, such as the emergence of hosted (or “cloud”) storage, software as a service (SaaS) and mobile data access are driving significant changes in
storage architectures and solution requirements. The impact of these trends on overall long-term growth patterns is uncertain. Nevertheless, if the general level of historic industry growth, or if the growth of the specific markets in which we
compete, were to decline, our business and results of operations could suffer. 

Our quarterly operating results may
fluctuate materially, which could harm our common stock price. 

Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and
will continue to do so, sometimes materially. All of the matters discussed in this Risk Factor section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. In addition to those matters, we face the following issues which could impact
our quarterly results: 

•

 Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the
second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal government’s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and 

•

 Linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total
bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter. 

If our operating results fall below
our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if
disrupted, could harm our operating results. 

Our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. We
sell to a variety of customers, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles. In addition, the majority of our sales are made indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment
manufacturers (OEMs) and strategic business partners. During the year ended April 26, 2013, revenues generated from sales through our indirect channel accounted for 81% of net revenues. This structure significantly complicates our ability to
forecast future revenue, particularly within any particular fiscal quarter or year. Moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners are critical to our success. The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given
geographic area could harm our operating results, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically requires a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. If we fail to maintain
our relationships with our indirect channel partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, our business and operating results could be
harmed. 

If we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter our financial results will be harmed.

We derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically
follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. If we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of
significant orders, our financial results will be harmed. Additionally, due to the complexities associated with revenue recognition, we may not be able to accurately forecast our non-deferred and deferred revenues, which could harm our operating
results. 

We often incur expenses before we receive related benefits and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if
demand declines. 

We base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our
expenses are fixed. It is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted. During periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize
the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our
business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we
expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Any disruption to our supply chain
could materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We do not manufacture our products
or their components. Instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as hard disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. Our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our
business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things: 

•

 Limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components; 

•

 The potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers that are higher than market rates; 

•

 Limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers’ demand fluctuations; 

•

 Labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 Geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain; 

•

 Business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the
quantities, quality and manner we require; and 

•

 Disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery
resources. 

We have encountered some of these risks, such as the 2011 Thailand floods, which subjected us to
supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase commitments, and expect to be subject to similar risks in the future. When we do, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. The risks associated with our
out-sourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to
manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. New manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in
the required volumes to our customers. Any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships.

We rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components. 

We rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain
single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. When industry supply is
constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. Accordingly, our operating results may be harmed. 

Our gross margins vary. 

Our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, the volume and relative mixture of product, services and software entitlements and maintenance
(SEM) revenues. Increased component costs, increased pricing pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product price, changes in product, services and SEM revenue mixture or decreased volume could
harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. Our gross margins are also impacted by quality failures and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the
timing of service contract renewals. 

The costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs.
While we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. Any such limitation could result in an
increase in our product costs. An increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings. 

Increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results. 

The storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and consolidation. We compete with many companies in the markets we serve. Over the
last decade, the expansion of market opportunities by large, broad-portfolio technology companies, by vertical integration of storage products, technologies and services, such as the acquisition of Sun Microsystems by Oracle, and through internal
and external storage-related corporate initiatives, by companies such as HP, Dell and IBM, has increased the number of large, diversified technology companies with which we compete. Accordingly, many of our key competitors have greater financial
resources and offer a broad portfolio of IT products and 

19 

Table of Contents

services (full-stack vendors). These competitors typically maintain broad and deep relationships with customers and partners across a diverse portfolio of products and services. They may also be
able to offer lower pricing (or other preferred terms) on storage system products due to these broader relationships. We believe further storage market expansion by large, diversified technology companies, in addition to any future industry
consolidation, may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete for customers as sole-source vendors. In addition, current and potential competitors have established or may establish strategic alliances among themselves or with
third parties, including some of our partners. It is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future
competitors. Competitive pressures we face could harm our business and operating results. A detailed description of storage and software products we compete with is identified in the Business Section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There have been trends toward consolidation in the storage industry and market expansion by large broad technology companies for several
years, both of which have risks for us. Among other things, the last few years have witnessed considerable consolidation in the disk drive industry, an industry we depend upon for critical storage components. We expect this trend to continue as
companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving, maturing industry, as companies become unable to maintain their competitive positions or continue operations and as customers demand more flexible business models and
terms. Disk drive and other component manufacturing industry consolidations may lead to higher component prices and supply constraints for us, which may, in turn, harm our operating results. 

Our OEM relationships may not generate significant revenues. 

We have OEM relationships with several companies, which collectively accounted for 12% of our net revenue during the year ended
April 26, 2013. These OEMs market and sell their branded solutions based on our unified solutions, as well as associated software offerings. While these arrangements are part of our general strategy to expand our reach to more customers and
into more countries, we do not have exclusive relationships with our OEMs, and there is no minimum commitment for any given period of time. We also compete with some of our OEMs, further complicating our relationships with them. Therefore, our
relationships with these OEMs may not continue to generate significant revenues. In addition, we have no control over the products that the OEMs select to sell, or their release schedule and timing of those products; nor do we control their pricing.

If our OEM relationships increase, we may experience distribution channel conflicts between our direct sales force and the
OEMs or among our channel partners. If we fail to minimize channel conflicts, or if our OEM relationships do not continue to generate significant revenues, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

A portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A loss,
cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected in the past, and in the future could negatively affect, our revenues. 

For the year ended April 26, 2013, sales to distributors Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. accounted for 19% and 15%, respectively, of our net revenues. We generally do not enter into binding
purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus we may not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our reseller
agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our
customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces
the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 

20 

Table of Contents

Reduced U.S. government demand could materially harm our business and operating
results. In addition, we could be harmed by claims that we or a channel partner have failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the U.S. government. 

The U.S. government has become an important customer for us. However, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and
budgetary fluctuations and constraints. Recent and continued uncertainty regarding the U.S. budget and debt levels has increased demand uncertainty for our products. If the government or individual agencies within the government reduce or shift
their capital IT spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed. 

Selling our products to the U.S.
government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines,
and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. As an example, the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the General Services Administration (GSA) have in the past pursued claims against and
financial settlements with IT vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of GSA contracts
for sales to the federal government. Although the DOJ and GSA currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future. Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or
debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial position. 

Some of our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered; any violation of these
laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to
the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by the Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the
trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The U.S., through the BIS and OFAC, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to
certain countries and persons. Violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial
of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. We take a variety of precautions to prevent our products from being shipped to U.S.-sanctioned targets; however, our products could be shipped to
those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite such precautions. For instance, media reports starting in November 2011 have asserted that certain of our products were delivered to Syria through a third-party
possibly in violation of U.S. export-control laws. We have publicly stated that we condemn any use of our products or technologies in Syria, we have notified the U.S. government that we are conducting a review of these allegations, and intend to
cooperate fully with any government inquiry. We have met with U.S. government officials, provided information at their request, and expressed our willingness to continue cooperating with any further inquiry or investigation. If we are found to have
violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial position. Even if we are not found to have
violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant financial and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing our normal day-to-day operations, which
could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial position. 

If we are unable to
maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed. 

Our growth strategy includes
developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with 

21 

Table of Contents

them. A detailed description of these partnership relationships is identified in the Business Section of this Annual Report. A number of these strategic partners are industry leaders that offer
us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management market. However, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may terminate
on short notice. For instance some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. Moreover, some of our
partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, complicating our relationships. If we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their
relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience other harm to our operating
results and business. 

Our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage industry may harm our business.

Emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the UNIX®
, Windows
®
 and the World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial
services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended) in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments
will not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted. 

If our products are defective, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed. 

Our products are complex. We have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. Quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products, as we discuss in the
next risk factor. If we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and
higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. We may be subject to losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our
products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages. 

If we are unable to develop,
introduce and gain market acceptance for clustered Data ONTAP or other new products while managing the transition from older products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality, service and support for our new products, our business,
operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our future growth depends upon the successful development
and introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the complexity of storage subsystems and storage security appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products, such products are subject to
significant technical and quality control risks. 

We are currently devoting considerable effort and resources to develop,
introduce and gain customer acceptance for our clustered Data ONTAP-based products (cDOT). cDOT is our next generation storage operating system for our core products and represents a fundamental and revolutionary change to our solution architecture.
Over time, our goal is to replace our existing technology Data ONTAP 7-Mode with cDOT and, consequently, we anticipate that a majority of our revenues will ultimately derive from cDOT. We face considerable challenges as we develop and market cDOT,
including, without limitation, cost and complexity associated with migrating customer data and applications from legacy systems to cDOT-based systems, 

22 

Table of Contents

development of some features for cDOT currently available with Data ONTAP 7 and potentially required by our customers, and maintaining service, support and customer relationships as we replace
Data ONTAP-7 with cDOT. 

Nevertheless, if we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop,
introduce and gain market acceptance for cDOT, or any other new products, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

New or additional product introductions also increase the complexities of forecasting revenues, and subject us to additional financial
and operational risks. In addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories, and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers’ demands. If
these risks are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model. 

As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. We may not be able to provide products, service and
support to effectively compete for these market opportunities. 

Due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent
in our international operations could materially harm our business. 

A significant portion of our operations are
located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the U.S. For the year ended April 26, 2013, our international revenues accounted for 50% of our total revenues. In addition, a substantial portion of our products are
manufactured outside of the U.S., and we have research and development and service centers overseas. Accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely affected by factors affecting our international operations, but not
experienced in the U.S., including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism,
international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. In addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which
we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. We are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or
laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws. Such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial position. 

We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. These exposures may
change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. We utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of
exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities as well as certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a short-term basis. Our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a
material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets and liabilities for which we do not hedge could have a material impact on our results of operations in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly
fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. 

Additional risks inherent in our
international business activities generally include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing international operations. 

Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or U.S. laws
and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business

23 

Table of Contents

operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes
resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results. 

Our effective tax rate is
influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. These factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business, and changes to
the tax regulations in such jurisdictions. Any of these factors could materially impact our operating results. 

We receive
significant tax benefits from sales to our non-U.S. customers. These benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. Future changes in domestic or
international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. We have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result from future remittances of
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The President’s administration and Congress have announced several proposals to reform U.S. tax rules, including proposals that may result in a reduction or elimination of the deferral of U.S.
income tax on our future unrepatriated earnings. Should such anti-deferral provisions be enacted, our effective tax rate could be adversely affected. 

We are currently undergoing income tax audits in the U.S. and several foreign tax jurisdictions, as described in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. The rights to some of our intellectual
property (IP) are owned by certain of our foreign subsidiaries, and payments are made between U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions relating to the use of this IP in a qualified cost sharing arrangement. In recent years, several other U.S. companies
have had their foreign IP arrangements challenged as part of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examinations, which have resulted in material proposed assessments and/or litigation with respect to those companies. 

If the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under the current IRS audits or under audits being
conducted in any of the other tax jurisdictions in which we operate results in an amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Our international operations currently benefit from a tax ruling concluded in the Netherlands which expires on April 30,
2015 and results in a lower level of earnings subject to tax in the Netherlands. If we are unable to negotiate a similar tax ruling upon expiration of the current ruling, our effective tax rate could increase and our operating results could be
adversely affected. Our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. Our effective
tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations and how the operations are managed and structured. The price of our common stock could decline to the extent that our financial results are materially
affected by an adverse change in our effective tax rate. 

Our Convertible Note conversion may adversely affect our
results of operations, particularly our earnings per share. 

Any conversion of the Convertible Notes may cause dilution
to our stockholders and to our earnings per share. If the average trading price of our common stock in each fiscal quarter exceeds the conversion price of $31.85 per share, the Convertible Notes will cause an increase in diluted share count and
result in lower reported earnings per share. The Convertible Note Hedge transactions discussed below, if exercised upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, are expected to reduce approximately 80% of the common stock potentially issuable on
conversion of the Convertible Notes. Upon conversion of any Convertible Notes, we are required to deliver cash 

24 

Table of Contents

up to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes and, with respect to any excess conversion value greater than the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, shares of our common stock, which
will result in dilution to our stockholders. As discussed in the subsequent events note to our consolidated financial statements, in June 2013 we issued 4.9 million shares in connection with the settlement of the Convertible Notes and received 3.9
million shares in connection with the exercise of the Convertible Note Hedges. 

The Convertible Note Hedges and warrant
transactions that we entered into in connection with the sale of the Convertible Notes may affect the trading price of our common stock. 

In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated Convertible Note Hedge transactions with certain option counterparties (the Counterparties), which are
expected to offset the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes. At the same time, we also entered into warrant transactions with the Counterparties pursuant to which we may issue shares of our common stock
above a certain strike price. In connection with these hedging transactions, the Counterparties may have entered into various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or purchased shares of our common stock in
secondary market transactions at or following the pricing of the Convertible Notes. The Counterparties are likely to modify their hedge positions from time to time prior to conversion or maturity of the Convertible Notes by purchasing and selling
shares of our common stock or entering into other derivative transactions. Additionally, these transactions may expose us to counterparty credit risk for nonperformance. The effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities on the market
price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes will depend, in part, on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. In addition, if our stock price
exceeds the strike price for the warrants, there could be additional dilution to our stockholders, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

The price of our common stock could also be affected by sales of our common stock by investors who view the Convertible Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our Company and by
hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving our common stock by holders of the Convertible Notes. The hedging or arbitrage could, in turn, affect the trading price of the Convertible Notes and warrants. As discussed in
the subsequent events note to our consolidated financial statements, in June 2013 we exercised the Convertible Note Hedges and settled our Convertible Notes. 

Future issuances of common stock related to our Convertible Notes, warrants and employee equity awards may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and the Convertible Notes.

The conversion of some or all of our outstanding Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing
stockholders to the extent we deliver common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. Any new issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or the exercise of related warrants which
are not offset by our Convertible Note Hedges, could dilute the interests of our then-existing stockholders, including holders who receive shares upon conversion of their Convertible Notes, and could substantially decrease the trading price of our
common stock and the Convertible Notes. In addition, any sales in the public market of any common stock issuable upon such conversion or the exercise of warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. As discussed in
the subsequent events note to our consolidated financial statements, in June 2013 we issued 4.9 million shares in connection with the settlement of the Convertible Notes and received 3.9 million shares in connection with the exercise of the
Convertible Note Hedges. 

Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our shareholders could cause the market price of our
ordinary shares to decline significantly. 

Our ability to pay quarterly dividends will be subject to, among other
things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements, and other factors. Any reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline
significantly. 

25 

Table of Contents

Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly dividends is reduced or discontinued, our failure or inability to resume paying dividends at historical levels could result in a persistently low
market valuation of our stock. 

Our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, increase our liabilities, disrupt
our existing business and harm our results of operations. 

As part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses
and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. In fiscal 2011, we completed acquisitions of two technology companies. In fiscal 2012, we completed the acquisition of
certain assets related to Engenio, and in fiscal 2013, we completed the acquisitions of CacheIQ and IonGrid. The benefits we expect to receive from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate
the terms of acquisition and integrate the acquired business. Any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions, any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, any failure to make the acquisition on favorable terms, or any
failure to integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected, may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and
litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our results of operations or our business. The failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our
investments could harm our financial results. 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and
maturities. A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of U.S. government securities. If global credit experiences prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a downgrade of U.S. government debt, our investment portfolio may be
adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. For a summary of these investments
and our management of the same, please see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in this document. 

We are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers, and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in
material losses. 

Most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days.
While we monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, and seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe are reasonable, we may experience losses due to a customer’s inability to pay.

Beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and nonrecourse financing leasing
arrangements using third-party leasing companies. Under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of
end-user customer default. 

We expect demand for customer financing to continue. During periods of economic uncertainty, our
exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. In addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic
conditions. 

In the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers to whom we had extended open credit, provided lease
financing arrangements or guaranteed lease payments under full recourse lease arrangements. Such events have caused us to incur bad debt charges, in the case of financing arrangements have caused a loss of revenues, and in the case of recourse lease
arrangements have caused us to make payments to third-party financers. We 

26 

Table of Contents

may be subject to similar losses in future periods. Any future losses could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, to
the extent that the continuing turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for customers to obtain open credit or lease financing, those customers’ ability to purchase our products could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have
a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. 

Any repatriation of our overseas cash to
fund U.S. operations, strategic opportunities or debt service may subject us to a significant tax liability. 

As of
April 26, 2013, $3.6 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held in foreign countries. Under current law, dividend repatriation of any of this cash would trigger significant adverse tax consequences in the U.S. As a
result, if the cash generated by our domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our domestic operations; our broader corporate initiatives, such as stock repurchases, dividends, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities; and to service our
outstanding indebtedness, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. Such additional
financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our current stockholders’ ownership. Furthermore, lenders may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing
credit. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign-held cash and incur a significant tax expense. In any such case, our business, operating results or financial condition
could be adversely impacted. 

If we default under our significant debt obligations, including our Convertible Notes and
Senior Notes, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be harmed. Moreover, covenants associated with our Convertible Notes and Senior Notes may unduly restrict our business. 

We have Convertible Notes outstanding in the principal amount of $1.265 billion that mature on June 1, 2013 and Senior Notes
outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion that mature at specific dates in calendar 2017 and 2022. We have also established a revolving credit facility under which we may borrow an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of
$250.0 million, under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of April 26, 2013. We may fail to pay these obligations, as and when required. Specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow
sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be harmed. As discussed in the subsequent events note to our consolidated financial statements, in June 2013 we repaid
the principal amount of our Convertible Notes. 

In addition, our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued
compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. If we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. Moreover, compliance with
these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may incur asset impairment and restructuring charges in response to changing market conditions or cost-cutting initiatives. 

We may undertake cost savings initiatives in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products. These
initiatives may include restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or both. Any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed,
intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third party resellers or users of discontinued products. These charges would harm our
operating results. We have previously recognized restructuring and other charges associated with these activities. In addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the same. 

27 

Table of Contents

We could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth. 

While we have historically grown rapidly, primarily through organic initiatives our acquisition activity has been ongoing and we expect to
continue to look for opportunities to supplement our organic growth through strategic initiatives. 

Our growth has at times
led to both organizational change and strain. We may continue to experience rapid growth and organizational change, which may continue to place significant demands on our management, operational and financial resources and systems. We incur
significant expenditures of funds and the allocation of management and other resources to manage our growth and assimilate new human resources in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture and our reputation in the marketplace.
We may experience periods when our pace of growth exceeds the capacity and capabilities of our organization and systems. If we do not effectively manage our growth through cost-effective organizational and system programs, our corporate culture
could be undermined, the quality of our products and customer service could suffer, and our reputation could be harmed, each of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are continually seeking ways to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient, including by moving
activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing new business information systems. Problems with the execution of these activities could have an adverse effect on our
business or results of operations. 

We continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more
efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. These efforts involve a significant
investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. In addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory
regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. If we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement
new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of
which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

If we are unable to attract and retain
qualified personnel, our business and operating results could be harmed. 

Our continued success depends, in part, on
our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. Because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers.
Competition for qualified employees, particularly in Silicon Valley, is intense. The loss of the services of a significant number of our employees, particularly our engineers, salespeople and key managers, could be disruptive to our development
efforts or business relationships and could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. If we reduce or eliminate our equity programs, due to increased
shareholder activism, heightened focus on corporate compensation practices, or increased scrutiny of the dilutive effects of such programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees. 

In addition, because of the structure of our cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing
employees at certain times. For example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards. 

28 

Table of Contents

Our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of a natural
disaster, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events. 

We depend on the ability of our personnel, raw materials,
equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. Any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant
business disruptions. Furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications
or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. If such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic
activity or corporate spending on information technology, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our results of operations and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. In addition, our headquarters and one of our major data centers are located in Northern California, an area susceptible to earthquakes. If any significant disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business
and our financial condition could be impaired. 

Our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends significantly upon developing,
maintaining and protecting proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to
protect our proprietary rights. We currently have multiple U.S. and international patent applications pending and multiple U.S. and international patents issued. The pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may
be challenged. If such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. We may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and
may be challenged by third parties. Further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. In addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts
and competitive position. 

Litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. Any such litigation may be
time-consuming and costly. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the U.S. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products,
or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours. 

We are subject to intellectual property
infringement claims. We may, from time to time, receive claims that we are infringing third parties’ intellectual property rights. Third parties may in the future, claim infringement by us with respect to current or future products, patents,
trademarks or other proprietary rights. We expect that companies in the network storage and data management market will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the
functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. Any such claims could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or enter into royalty or licensing
agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

29 

Table of Contents

Changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the
manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results. 

The laws and
regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. For example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge
of hazardous materials, the SEC has recently adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We may incur costs to comply with the new
disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other
stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. As the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure
to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm. 

If a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby
causing financial or reputational harm to our business. 

Our clients (including data centers, SaaS, cloud computing and
Internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers) rely on our products for their data storage needs. We exercise little control over how our clients use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the
performance of our products. 

Our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems.
Because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such
transmissions or processing. Errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us. 

A failure or inability to meet our clients’ expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data
stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. Moreover, the risk of
reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. This may affect our ability to retain clients and
attract new business. 

If our security measures are breached or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may
reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities. 

We store
and transmit sensitive and proprietary data related to our employees, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of SaaS, cloud computing, and Internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective
customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personally identifiable information. Security breaches could result in unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information, litigation, indemnity
obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage our reputation. Additionally, our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. We
do not regularly monitor or review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. Therefore,
if employees, clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personally identifiable or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of
third-

30 

Table of Contents

party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur
significant liabilities. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement
adequate preventative measures. As we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems. 

Many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of
personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding security breaches often lead to widespread negative publicity. Moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the
Internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. Any security breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode client confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively
impact our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to elect not to renew their support contracts, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our
business and operating results. 

There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be
enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available
on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurer may deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available
insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected fluctuations and affect
our reported results of operations. 

A change in accounting standards or practices and varying interpretations of
existing accounting pronouncements, the increased use of fair value measures, changes to revenue recognition, lease accounting, financial instruments and other accounting standards, and the potential requirement that U.S. registrants prepare
financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), could have a significant effect on our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

Implementation of accounting regulations and related interpretations and policies, particularly those related to revenue recognition,
could cause us to defer recognition of revenue or recognize lower revenue, which may affect our results of operations. 

31 

Table of Contents