The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. Please see Item 1. Business
— Forward Looking Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the forward-looking statements that are qualified by these risk factors. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors
actually occurs, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by uncertain economic and market conditions. 

We are subject to the effects of general global economic and market conditions. Challenging economic conditions worldwide or in certain
geographic regions, such as the continuing fiscal challenges in the United States and Europe, have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the computer, storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the information technology (IT)
market, resulting in: 

•

 Reduced demand for our products as a result of constraints on IT-related spending by our customers; 

•

 Risk of supply constraints, such as the risks related to the flooding in Thailand; 

•

 Increased price competition for our products from competitors; 

•

 Deferment of purchases and orders by customers due to budgetary constraints or changes in current or planned utilization of our systems;

•

 Risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 

•

 Excess facilities costs; 

•

 Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenues; 

•

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on customers, distributors and resellers; 

•

 Negative impacts from increased financial pressures on key suppliers or contract manufacturers; and 

•

 Potential discontinuance of product lines and related asset impairments. 

Any of the above-mentioned factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could adversely impact our common stock price. 

We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as
indicators of future performance. Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations during times of
economic volatility. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, in part due to changes in general economic conditions and specific economic conditions in the
storage and data management market; 

•

 A shift in government spending patterns, particularly in light of continued worries about government debt levels and spending;

•

 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenues;

•

 The level of price and product competition in our target markets; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 The impact of economic uncertainty on our customers’ budgets and IT spending capacity; 

•

 Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments; 

•

 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers, and industry consolidation in our supply base, which could subject us to periodic supply-and-demand,
price rigidity, and quality issues with our components; 

•

 Our ability to maintain product quality generally; 

•

 The timing and type of bookings, the cancellation of significant orders and the management of, or fluctuations in, our backlog;

•

 Product configuration and mix; 

•

 The extent to which our customers renew their service and maintenance contracts with us; 

•

 Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the
second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal government’s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; 

•

 Linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total
bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter; 

•

 Announcements and introductions of, and transitions to, new products by us or our competitors; 

•

 Deferrals of customer orders in anticipation of new products or product enhancements introduced by us or our competitors; 

•

 Our ability to develop, introduce, and market new products and enhancements in a timely manner; 

•

 Our ability to effectively integrate acquired products and technologies; 

•

 Our levels of expenditure on research and development and sales and marketing programs; 

•

 Our ability to effectively manage our operating expenses; 

•

 Adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates in the countries in which we do business; 

•

 The dilutive impact of our $1.265 billion of 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due June 2013 (the “Notes”) and related warrants on our
earnings per share; 

•

 Excess or inadequate facilities; 

•

 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain
assets (including the amounts of valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our consolidated financial statements; 

•

 Disruptions resulting from new systems and processes as we continue to enhance and scale our system infrastructure; 

•

 Disruptions resulting from reliance on third-party systems and processes during the transition period following the completion of mergers or other
acquisitions; and 

•

 Future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting rules, such as the increased use of fair value measures, changes in accounting standards
related to revenue recognition, lease accounting, and financial instruments and the potential requirement that U.S. registrants prepare financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Due to such factors, operating results for future periods are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior
results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition. It is possible that in one or more quarters our results may fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such event, the trading price of our common stock would likely decrease.

16 

Table of Contents

Our revenues for a particular period are difficult to forecast, and a shortfall in
revenues may harm our business and our operating results. 

Our revenues for a particular period are difficult to
forecast, especially in times of economic uncertainty. Because the storage and data management market is rapidly evolving, our sales cycle varies substantially from customer to customer, and we rely increasingly on sales through our indirect channel
partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and strategic business partners. New product introductions and the transition from old to new products also increase the
complexities of forecasting revenues. 

In addition, we derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders
booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. If we do not achieve bookings in the latter part of a quarter consistent with our quarterly targets, our financial
results will be adversely impacted. Additionally, due to the complexities associated with revenue recognition, we may not accurately forecast our non-deferred and deferred revenues, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

We use a “pipeline” system, a common industry practice, to forecast bookings and trends in our business. Sales personnel
monitor the status of potential business and estimate when a customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount of the sale and the products or services to be sold. These estimates are aggregated periodically to generate a bookings pipeline.
Our pipeline estimates may prove to be unreliable either in a particular quarter or over a longer period of time, in part because the “conversion rate” of the pipeline into revenues varies from customer to customer, can be difficult to
estimate, and requires management judgment, and also because customers’ purchasing decisions are subject to delay, reduction or cancellation. Small deviations from our forecasted conversion rate may result in inaccurate plans and budgets and
could materially and adversely impact our business or our planned results of operations. In addition, the risks inherent in using a pipeline system are magnified with respect to indirect sales made through our channel partners because we have less
control over, and visibility into, the sales process of our channel partners. 

Economic uncertainties have caused, and may in
the future again cause, consumers, businesses and governments to defer purchases in response to tighter budgets, credit, decreased cash availability and declining customer confidence. Accordingly, future demand for our products could differ from our
current expectations. 

Supply chain and logistics issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or
component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity that increases our costs or causes a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results, and
our failure to estimate customer demand properly may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could adversely affect our gross margins. 

The fact that we do not own or operate our manufacturing facilities, supply chain and logistics exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, production costs and product supply,
which could have a material adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source
suppliers, which has and could subject us to future price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products. If our third-party manufacturers or suppliers experience strikes, protests or other labor unrest, or are
subject to lawsuits, injunctions or other legal challenges, there may be delays, interruptions or permanent impairment in the ability of such manufacturers and suppliers to ship products to us, or such manufacturers and suppliers may incur increased
costs, any of which could impact our business and harm our operating results, liquidity and financial condition. 

For
instance, several of our disk drive suppliers with operations in Thailand were impacted by the October 2011 flooding, which affected those suppliers’ ability to manufacture a sufficient number of drives in order to meet the demands of their
customers, including us. In addition, certain suppliers also increased prices for 

17 

Table of Contents

available drives. Drive supply shortages and pricing complexities could materially and adversely affect our supply chain, customer relationships and results of operations. Qualifying new
contract manufacturers and commencing volume production is expensive and time-consuming, and disruption or termination of manufacturing capacity with respect to any contract manufacturer could negatively impact our ability to manufacture, sell and
ship our products. 

We intend to regularly introduce new products and product enhancements, which will require us to rapidly
achieve volume production by coordinating with our contract manufacturers and suppliers. A reduction or interruption in supply; a significant increase in the price of one or more components; a failure to adequately procure inventory by our contract
manufacturers; a failure to timely cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; perceived or real problems with product quality control; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially adversely affect our
business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are
higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. As the demand
for our products has increased, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, tightening of supply of some components leading to longer lead times and component supply constraints, which has resulted in and in the future could continue to
result in the delay of shipments. 

Our business operations are subject to business interruptions and other events beyond our
control. Such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to receive components from our suppliers and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. 

We have experienced periods of alternating growth and decline in revenues and operating expenses. If we are not able to successfully manage these fluctuations, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be significantly impacted. 

Changing market conditions and economic uncertainty create a
challenging operating environment for our business. It is critical that we maintain appropriate alignment between our cost structure and our expected growth and revenues, while at the same time, continuing to make strategic investments for future
growth. 

Our expense levels are based in part on our expectations as to future revenues, and a significant percentage of our
expenses are fixed. We have a limited ability to quickly or significantly reduce our fixed costs, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results will be adversely impacted. During periods of uneven growth, we may incur costs
before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could harm our operating results. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing programs and other functions to
support and grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop
more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Conversely, if we are
unable to effectively manage our resources and capacity during periods of increasing demand for our products, we could also experience an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition and our customer relationships may be
adversely impacted. If the storage and data management market fails to grow, or grows slower than we expect, our revenues will be adversely affected. 

Our gross margins have varied over time and may continue to vary, and such variation makes it more difficult to forecast our earnings. 

Our total gross margins are impacted by the mix of our product, software entitlements and maintenance and services revenues. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our product gross margins have been and may continue to be affected by a variety of factors,
including: 

•

 Demand for storage and data management products; 

•

 Pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives, discount levels, and price competition; 

•

 Changes in the mix between direct versus indirect and OEM sales, each of which has a different gross margin structure; 

•

 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within products; 

•

 The timing and amount of revenue recognized and deferred; 

•

 New product introductions and enhancements; 

•

 Licensing and royalty arrangements; 

•

 Excess inventory levels or purchase commitments as a result of changes in demand forecasts or last time buy purchases; 

•

 Possible product and software defects as we transition our products; and 

•

 The cost of components, contract manufacturing costs, quality, warranty, and freight. 

Changes in software entitlements and maintenance gross margins may result from various factors, such as: 

•

 The size of the installed base of products under support contracts; 

•

 The timing of technical support service contract renewals; and 

•

 Demand for and the timing of delivery of upgrades. 

Changes in service gross margins may result from various factors, such as: 

•

 The mix of customers; 

•

 The size and timing of service contract renewals; 

•

 Spares stocking requirements to support new product introductions; 

•

 The level of spending on our customer support infrastructure; 

•

 The volume, cost and use of outside partners to deliver support services on our behalf; and 

•

 Product quality and serviceability issues. 

Due to such factors, gross margins are subject to variation from period-to-period and are difficult to predict. 

An increase in competition and industry consolidation could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

The storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology. We compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including companies that
offer a broad spectrum of IT products and services (full-stack vendors) and others that offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. In the primary storage market, our system products and associated software
portfolio mainly compete with storage system products and data management software from Dell, EMC, Hitachi Data Systems, HP, IBM, and Oracle Corporation. We compete against these same companies in the secondary storage market, which includes the
disk-to-disk backup, archival and compliance, and business continuity segments. In markets such as cloud, big data, and converged infrastructure, our primary competitors include EMC, Hitachi Data Systems, HP, and IBM. In the healthcare, financial
services, life sciences, and service provider markets, we compete primarily with EMC, Hitachi Data Systems, HP, and IBM. Some of our competitors in the primary and secondary storage markets also offer their systems to OEM customers. In addition, we
compete in the OEM market against products from DotHill and Xyratex. 

19 

Table of Contents

There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We
expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, as companies become unable to maintain their competitive positions or continue operations and as customers demand more flexible
business models and terms. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete for customers as sole-source vendors. In addition, current and potential competitors have established or may
establish strategic alliances among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners. It is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. We may not be able to
compete successfully against current or future competitors. Competitive pressures we face could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Disruption of, or changes in, our distribution model could harm our sales. 

If we fail to develop and maintain strong relationships with our channel partners, or if our channel partners fail to effectively manage the sale of our products or services on our behalf, our revenues
and gross margins could be adversely affected. 

We market and sell our storage data management solutions directly through our
worldwide sales force and indirectly through channel partners such as value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, OEMs and strategic business partners, and we derive a significant portion of our revenues from these indirect channels.
During fiscal 2012, revenues generated from sales through our indirect channel accounted for 78% of net revenues. In order for us to maintain or increase our revenues, we must effectively manage our relationships with channel partners. 

Several factors could result in disruption of or changes in our indirect channel distribution model, which could materially harm our
revenues and gross margins, including the following: 

•

 Our indirect channel partners may compete directly with other channel partners or with our direct sales force. Due to these conflicts, our indirect
channel partners could stop or reduce their efforts in marketing our products. 

•

 Our indirect channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear;

•

 Our indirect channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in business
conditions; and 

•

 Our indirect channel partners’ financial condition or operations may weaken. 

The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area could harm our operating results within that
area, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically requires a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract new indirect
channel partners, retain these indirect channel partners or that we will be able to secure additional or replacement indirect channel partners in the future, especially in light of continued changes in end customer demand patterns and changes in
available and competing technologies from competitors. Our inability to effectively establish, train, retain and manage our indirect channel partners could harm our sales. 

In addition, we depend on our indirect channel partners to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Their failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues and operating results. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our OEM relationships may not continue to generate significant revenues.

We have OEM relationships with IBM, Teradata, Fujitsu Technology Solutions (Fujitsu), Oracle and Dell, which enable
these OEMs to market and sell their branded solutions based on our unified solutions, as well as associated software offerings, or in the case of Fujitsu, enables Fujitsu to lease, sell, market and resell our products to end users and Fujitsu sales
partners worldwide, to integrate our products into Fujitsu bundled offerings, and to market our support services. While these arrangements are part of our general strategy to expand our reach to more customers and into more countries, we do not have
exclusive relationships with our OEMs, and there is no minimum commitment for any given period of time. Therefore, our relationships with these OEMs may not continue to generate significant revenues. In addition, we have no control over the products
that the OEMs select to sell, or their release schedule and timing of those products; nor do we control their pricing. 

As our
OEM relationships increase, we may experience distribution channel conflicts between our direct sales force and the OEMs or among our channel partners. If we fail to minimize channel conflicts, or if our OEM relationships do not continue to generate
significant revenues, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

A portion of our revenues is
generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has and in the future could negatively affect our revenues. 

During fiscal 2012, sales to distributors Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. accounted for approximately 17% and 12%, respectively,
of our net revenues. We also have significant OEM agreements, as discussed above. The loss of orders from these, or any of our more significant customers, strategic partners, distributors or resellers could cause our revenues and profitability to
suffer. 

We generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers for extended periods of time, and thus
we may not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop
purchasing and marketing our products at any time. 

Unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact our operations by
affecting the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors, or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If the uncertainty in the economy continues, or conditions deteriorate, and our sales
decline, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. 

Because our expenses are based on our
revenue forecasts, a substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to, or unexpected returns from customers and resellers, or the loss of any significant customer or reseller, could harm our business. We expect that our largest customers
in the future could be different from our largest customers today. End users could stop purchasing and indirect channel partners could stop marketing our products at any time. The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners or the
failure to obtain and ship a number of large orders each quarter could harm our operating results. In addition, a change in the pricing practices of one or more of our large indirect channel partners could adversely affect our revenues and gross
margins. 

21 

Table of Contents

The U.S. government has contributed to our revenue growth and has become an important
customer for us. Future revenues from the U.S. government are subject to shifts in government spending patterns. A decrease in government demand for our products could materially and adversely affect our revenues. In addition, our business could be
adversely affected by claims that we or a channel partner have failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the U.S. government. 

The U.S. government has become an important customer for the storage and data management market generally and for us in particular; however, government demand is unpredictable, and there can be no
assurance that we will maintain or grow our revenues from the U.S. government. Government agencies are subject to budgetary processes and expenditure constraints that could lead to delays or decreased capital expenditures in IT spending,
particularly in light of recent and continued uncertainties about U.S. spending levels. If the government or individual agencies within the government reduce or shift their capital spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.

Selling our products to the U.S. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain
regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues,
operating results and financial position. As an example, the United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the General Services Administration (“GSA”) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with IT
vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of GSA contracts for sales to the federal
government. The DOJ and GSA continue to pursue actively such claims. We are currently discussing contract compliance matters regarding sales made through a channel partner with the DOJ and GSA, and have produced documents and met with the DOJ and
GSA on several occasions. If the DOJ determines to initiate an action against a channel partner and/or us, we would be subject to litigation, could be subjected to fines and penalties. We could also decide to pay the DOJ a settlement, either to
avoid a potential action or in termination of an action. Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a
material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial position. 

Certain of our products are subject
to U.S. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered; if we were found to have violated these laws, the consequences of such a determination could have a
material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to the global nature
of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by the Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the trade and economic
sanctions regulations administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The U.S., through the BIS and OFAC, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and
persons. Violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against us and our officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and
suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. We take a variety of precautions to prevent our products from being shipped to U.S.-sanctioned targets, however, our products could be shipped to those targets by third
parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite such precautions. For instance, media reports starting in November 2011 have asserted that certain of our products were delivered to Syria through a third-party possibly in violation of
U.S. export-control laws. We have publicly stated that we condemn any use of our products or technologies in Syria, we have notified the U.S. government that we are conducting a review of these allegations, and intend to cooperate fully with any
government inquiry. We have met with U.S. government officials, provided information at their request, and expressed our willingness to continue cooperating with any further inquiry or investigation. If we become the subject of an investigation and
are found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of 

22 

Table of Contents

which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial position. Even if we are not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny
surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant financial and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing our normal day-to-day operations, which could have a material and adverse impact on our
business, operating results and financial position. 

If we are unable to maintain our existing relationships and develop
new relationships with major strategic partners, our revenues may be impacted negatively. 

An element of our strategy
to increase revenues is to strategically partner with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. We have significant partner relationships with database,
business application, backup management and server virtualization companies, including Microsoft, Cisco, Oracle, SAP, Symantec and VMware. A number of these strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the
storage and data management market. There is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and even if we can establish relationships with these or other partners, these partnerships may not generate significant revenues or may not continue
to be in effect for any specific period of time. If these relationships are not maintained or fail to materialize as expected, we could experience lower than expected revenue growth, suffer delays in product development, or experience other
operational difficulties. 

In addition, some of our partners, including Oracle, Cisco and VMware, are also partnering with
other storage vendors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions, harm our ability to continue as the vendor of choice for those partners and harm our ability to grow our business with those partners. 

We intend to continue to establish and maintain business relationships with technology companies to expand our marketing reach and
accelerate the development of our storage and data management solutions. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in developing new relationships or maintaining our existing relationships, our future revenues and operating results could be negatively
impacted. In addition, the loss of a strategic partner could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and operating results. 

Our future financial performance depends on growth in the storage and data management markets. If the performance of these markets do not meet the expectations upon which we calculate and forecast
our revenues or if we are unable to develop product offerings that meet the future demands of these markets, our operating results will be materially and adversely impacted. 

All of our products address the storage and data management markets. Accordingly, our future financial performance will depend in large
part on continued growth in the storage and data management markets and on our ability to adapt to emerging standards in these markets. The markets for storage and data management have been recently adversely impacted by the global economic
uncertainty, and as a result of continued uncertainty, the markets may not grow as anticipated or may decline. Also, even if spending in the IT market increases, our revenues may not grow at the same pace. 

Additionally, emerging standards in these markets may adversely affect the UNIX®
, Windows
®
 and the World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial
services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence (such as Rule 17(a)(4) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical
segments will not purchase our products, and we will not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted. 

23 

Table of Contents

The market price for our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and
will likely continue to do so in the future. 

The market price for our common stock has experienced substantial
volatility in the past, and several factors could cause substantial fluctuation in the future. These factors include but are not limited to: 

•

 Fluctuations in our operating results compared to prior periods and forecasts; 

•

 Variations between our operating results and either the guidance we have furnished to the public or the published expectations of securities analysts;

•

 Industry consolidation and the resulting perception of increased competition; 

•

 Economic developments in the storage and data management market as a whole; 

•

 Fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

•

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; 

•

 Changes in our relationships with our suppliers, customers, channel and strategic partners; 

•

 Announcements of the completion or dissolution of strategic alliances within the industry; 

•

 Dilutive impacts of our convertible Notes and related warrants; 

•

 International conflicts and acts of terrorism; 

•

 Announcements of new products, applications, or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 Announcements related to planned or completed mergers or other acquisitions by us or our competitors; 

•

 Inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement, or other regulatory bodies; and 

•

 General market conditions, including recent global or regional economic uncertainties. 

In addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that has particularly affected the market prices of the equity securities of
many technology companies. Certain macroeconomic factors such as the market climate for the technology sector, changes in interest rates, and levels of corporate spending on IT, could continue to have an impact on the trading price of our stock, and
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in the future. 

If we are unable to develop and
introduce new products and respond to technological change, if our new products do not achieve market acceptance, if we fail to manage the interoperability and transition between our new and old products, or if we cannot provide the expected level
of quality, service and support for our new products, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products. Due to the complexity of
storage subsystems and storage security appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products, such products are subject to significant technical and quality control risks. In addition, our new products
must respond to technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements,
or if such products do not achieve market acceptance, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. New or additional product introductions increase the complexities of forecasting revenues, and subject us to additional financial
and operational risks. If they are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model. 

As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must attempt to successfully manage the interoperability and transition from older products in order to minimize disruption in customers’ ordering
patterns, avoid excessive levels of older product inventories, and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers’ demands. 

24 

Table of Contents

As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and
support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. We may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities. 

Undetected software errors, hardware errors, or failures found in new products may result in loss of or delay in market acceptance
of our products, which could increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Product quality problems could lead to reduced revenues, gross margins and operating results. 

Our products may contain undetected software errors, hardware errors or failures when first introduced or as new versions are released. Despite testing by us and by current and potential customers, errors
may not be found in new products until after commencement of commercial shipments, resulting in loss of or delay in market acceptance, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

In addition, if we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from
a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our revenues, gross margins and operating results.
We may be subject to losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages. 

Due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could have a material adverse effect on
our business. 

Although a substantial portion of our business is located and conducted in the U.S., a significant
portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the U.S. During fiscal 2012, our international revenues accounted for 51% of our total revenues. A substantial portion of our products are
manufactured outside of the U.S., and we have research and development and service centers overseas. Accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely affected by a variety of factors affecting our international
operations, some of which are beyond our control, including regulatory, political, or economic conditions in a specific country or region, trade protection measures and other regulatory requirements, government spending patterns, and acts of
terrorism and international conflicts. In addition, we may not be able to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. 

We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have
a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. We utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities as well as
certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a short-term basis. These hedging contracts attempt to reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange movements. Factors that could have a negative impact on the
effectiveness of our hedging program include inaccuracies in forecasting, widening interest rate differentials, and volatility in the foreign exchange market. Our hedging strategies may not be successful and currency exchange rate fluctuations could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets and liabilities for which we do not hedge could have a material impact on our results of operations in periods when the U.S. dollar
significantly fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. 

As a result of entering
into these hedging contracts with major financial institutions, we may be subject to counterparty nonperformance risk. Should there be a counterparty default, we could be exposed to the net losses on the hedged arrangements or be unable to recover
anticipated net gains from the transactions. 

Additional risks inherent in our international business activities generally
include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing international operations. 

25 

Table of Contents

In addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and
regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. We are also subject to the
potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws. Such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and
financial position. 

Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to
engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and
agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes in our effective tax
rate or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results. 

Our
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 

•

 Earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we are taxed at lower rates as compared to the U.S. statutory tax rate;

•

 Material differences between forecasted and actual tax rates as a result of a shift in the mix of pretax profits and losses by tax jurisdiction, our
ability to use tax credits or effective tax rates by tax jurisdiction that differ from our estimates; 

•

 Changing tax laws or related interpretations, accounting standards, regulations, and interpretations in multiple tax jurisdictions in which we operate,
as well as the requirements of certain tax rulings; 

•

 An increase in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including certain stock-based compensation, write-offs of acquired in-process research and
development, and impairment of goodwill; 

•

 The tax effects of purchase accounting for acquisitions and restructuring charges that may cause fluctuations between reporting periods;

•

 Changes related to our ability to ultimately realize future benefits attributed to our deferred tax assets, including those related to
other-than-temporary impairments; 

•

 Tax assessments resulting from income tax audits or any related tax interest or penalties could significantly affect our income tax provision for the
period in which the settlements take place; 

•

 Adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by subsidiaries or customers; and

•

 A change in our decision to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings. 

We receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-U.S. customers. These benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and
regulations in the U.S. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. Future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. We
have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The President’s administration and Congress have announced several
proposals to reform U.S. tax rules, including proposals that may result in a reduction or elimination of the deferral of U.S. income tax on our future unrepatriated earnings. Should such anti-deferral provisions be enacted, our effective tax rate
could be adversely affected. 

26 

Table of Contents

We are currently undergoing income tax audits in the U.S. and several foreign tax
jurisdictions. The rights to some of our intellectual property (IP) are owned by certain of our foreign subsidiaries, and payments are made between U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions relating to the use of this IP in a qualified cost sharing
arrangement. In recent years, several other U.S. companies have had their foreign IP arrangements challenged as part of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examinations, which have resulted in material proposed assessments and/or litigation with
respect to those companies. 

On March 26, 2012, we received a Revenue Agent’s Report from the IRS for our fiscal
2005 through 2007 tax returns. On April 25, 2012, we filed a protest related to transfer pricing matters. Our fiscal 2008 through 2010 tax returns are currently under audit by the IRS. 

On September 17, 2010, the Danish Tax Authorities issued a decision concluding that distributions declared in 2005 and 2006 from our
Danish subsidiary were subject to Danish at-source dividend withholding tax. We do not believe that our Danish subsidiary is liable for withholding tax and filed an appeal with the Danish Tax Tribunal to that effect. On December 19, 2011, the
Danish Tax Tribunal issued a ruling that our Danish subsidiary was not liable for Danish withholding tax. The Danish tax examination agency appealed to the Danish High Court in March 2012. 

We are in various stages of the examination and appeals process in connection with tax audits worldwide and it is difficult to determine
when these examinations will be settled. It is reasonably possible that over the next twelve-month period, we may experience an increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits. It is not possible to determine either the magnitude or the range of
any increase or decrease at this time. 

If the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed
under the current IRS audits or under audits being conducted in any of the other tax jurisdictions in which we operate results in an amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our international operations currently benefit from a tax ruling concluded
in the Netherlands which expires on April 30, 2015 and results in a lower level of earnings subject to tax in the Netherlands. If we are unable to negotiate a similar tax ruling upon expiration of the current ruling, our effective tax rate
could increase and our operating results could be adversely affected. Our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our
operating and financial results as a whole. Our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations and how the operations are managed and structured. The price of our common stock could decline to
the extent that our financial results are materially affected by an adverse change in our effective tax rate. 

Our
leverage and debt service obligations and Note conversion may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and earnings per share. 

As a result of the sale of our Notes, we have a greater amount of debt than we have maintained in the past. In addition, we have various synthetic lease arrangements related to some of our facilities at
our corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale, California, and, subject to the restrictions in our existing and any future financing agreements, we may incur additional debt. 

Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to
control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. If we determine it is necessary to
seek additional funding for any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding is available, obtain it on acceptable terms. 

27 

Table of Contents

Any conversion of the Notes may cause dilution to our shareholders and to our earnings per
share. If the average trading price of our common stock in any fiscal quarter exceeds the conversion price of $31.85 per share, the Notes will cause an increase in diluted share count and result in lower reported earnings per share. Based on the
trading price of our common stock as of April 27, 2012, we had approximately 7 million shares of common stock potentially issuable on conversion of our Notes. The Note hedge transactions discussed below, if exercised upon conversion of the
Notes, are expected to reduce approximately 80% of the common stock potentially issuable on conversion of the Notes. Upon conversion of any Notes, we would be required to deliver cash up to the principal amount of the Notes and, with respect to any
excess conversion value greater than the principal amount of the Notes, shares of our common stock, which would result in dilution to our shareholders. 

The Note hedges and warrant transactions that we entered into in connection with the sale of the Notes may affect the trading price of our common stock. 

In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into privately negotiated convertible Note hedge transactions with certain option
counterparties (the Counterparties), which are expected to offset the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. At the same time, we also entered into warrant transactions with the Counterparties pursuant to which we
may issue shares of our common stock above a certain strike price. In connection with these hedging transactions, the Counterparties may have entered into various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or purchased
shares of our common stock in secondary market transactions at or following the pricing of the Notes. Such activities may have had the effect of increasing the price of our common stock. The Counterparties are likely to modify their hedge positions
from time to time prior to conversion or maturity of the Notes by purchasing and selling shares of our common stock or entering into other derivative transactions. Additionally, these transactions may expose us to counterparty credit risk for
nonperformance. The effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock or the Notes will depend, in part, on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any of these activities could
adversely affect the value of our common stock. In addition, if our stock price exceeds the strike price for the warrants, there could be additional dilution to our shareholders, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.

In April 2010, we terminated our Note hedge transaction with Lehman Brothers OTC Derivatives, Inc. (Lehman OTC), which was a
counterparty to 20% of our Note hedges, as a result of the bankruptcy filing by Lehman OTC, which constituted an event of default under the Note hedge. Because we have decided not to replace this Note hedge, we are subject to potential dilution on
the unhedged portion of our Notes upon conversion if on the date of conversion the per-share market price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price of $31.85. The terms of the Notes, the rights of the holders of the Notes and other
counterparties to Note hedges and warrants were not affected by the termination of this Note hedge. 

The price of our common
stock could also be affected by sales of our common stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our Company and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving our common
stock by holders of the Notes. The hedging or arbitrage could, in turn, affect the trading price of the Notes and warrants. 

Future issuances of common stock related to our Notes, warrants, stock options, restricted stock units, and our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and the Notes. 

The conversion of some or all
of our outstanding Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver common stock upon conversion of the Notes. Our common stock price exceeded the conversion threshold for the Notes for at least 20 trading
days during the 30 consecutive trading days ended March 31, 2012. Accordingly, as of April 27, 2012, the Notes were convertible at the option of the holder. The determination of whether or not the Notes are convertible must continue to be
performed quarterly. Upon conversion of any Notes, we would be required to deliver cash for the principal amount of the Notes and 

28 

Table of Contents

shares of common stock, if any, to the extent the conversion value exceeds the principal amount. Any new issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares upon conversion of the
Notes or the exercise of related warrants which are not offset by our Note hedges, could dilute the interests of our then-existing stockholders, including holders who receive shares upon conversion of their Notes, and could substantially decrease
the trading price of our common stock and the Notes. In addition, any sales in the public market of any common stock issuable upon such conversion or the exercise of warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.

As of April 27, 2012, eligible individuals under our stock option and restricted stock unit plans held options to
purchase approximately 21 million shares of our common stock and a total of approximately 12 million restricted stock units. If all the outstanding options were exercised, the proceeds to the Company would average approximately $30 per
share. We also had 15 million shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our stock plans with respect to equity awards that have not been granted. The exercise of all of the outstanding options and/or the vesting of all
outstanding restricted shares and restricted stock units would dilute the interests of our then-existing stockholders, and any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such exercise could adversely affect the trading price of our
common stock. 

As of April 27, 2012, we had approximately 5 million shares of our common stock available for future
issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The issuance of shares under the ESPP would dilute the interests of our then-existing stockholders, and any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such exercise could
adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the ESPP includes a purchase price adjustment provision such that employees who elect to participate are granted options to purchase common stock at a 15% discount from the market
value of the common stock at certain specified dates within a two-year offering period. If the adjustment is triggered due to a decline in the market value of our common stock, we could incur a significant non-cash charge in our statement of
operations. For example, in the third quarter of fiscal 2012 we recorded an expense related to the purchase price adjustment provision of $10.9 million. 

We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations related to business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic alliances or
other transactions), to increase our capital, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options upon conversion of the Notes, or for other reasons. 

Our acquisitions may disrupt our existing business and harm our results of operations. 

As part of our strategy, we are continuously evaluating opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies that would complement our
current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. In fiscal year 2011, we completed acquisitions of two technology companies, and in fiscal 2012, we completed the acquisition of certain assets related to
Engenio. The acquisition and ongoing integration of new businesses into our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability. We may not achieve the anticipated cost savings and synergies or realize our estimated revenue, gross margin,
profit or other financial projections or business objectives in a timely manner or at all due to a number of factors, including the following: 

•

 The inability to successfully integrate the operations, technologies, products, personnel and business systems of the acquired companies;

•

 In the case of an asset purchase, the failure to acquire all of the assets necessary to operate the acquired business; 

•

 The diversion of management’s attention from daily operations of the existing business; 

•

 The loss of key employees of the acquired businesses could adversely impact our ability to manage the business and our ability to realize our financial
forecasts; 

•

 The inability to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition; 

29 

Table of Contents

•

 Substantial transaction costs and accounting charges; and 

•

 Exposure to litigation related to acquisitions. 

Acquisitions may also result in risks to our existing business, including: 

•

 Deterioration of our internal control over financial reporting as a result of inconsistencies between our standards, procedures and policies and those
of acquired businesses; 

•

 Reliance on the selling party’s processes, data, supply chain management and reporting during the transition period following the completion of
acquisitions; 

•

 Dilution of our current stockholders’ percentage ownership to the extent we issue new equity; 

•

 Assumption of additional liabilities; 

•

 Incurrence of additional debt or a decline in available cash; 

•

 Adverse effects on our financial statements, such as the need to incur restructuring charges; 

•

 Liability for intellectual property infringement and other litigation claims, which we may or may not be aware of at the time of acquisition; and

•

 Creation of goodwill or other intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense or impairment charges.

The failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of an acquisition may also result in impairment charges for
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. For example, we have in the past discontinued certain products which were originally acquired through business acquisitions. Additional or realized risks of this nature could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of
our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our financial results. 

As of
April 27, 2012, we had $5.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash. We invest our cash in a variety of financial instruments, consisting principally of investments in corporate bonds, money market funds and
U.S. Treasury securities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which have been exacerbated by unusual events such as the financial and credit crisis, the downgrade in the U.S.’s credit
rating, and bankruptcy filings in the U.S., which have affected various sectors of the financial markets and led to global credit and liquidity issues. The fair value of these financial investments may change significantly due to events and
conditions in the credit and capital markets. Any investment securities that we hold or the issues comprising such securities could be subject to review for possible downgrade. Any downgrade in credit ratings may result in an additional decline in
the estimated fair value of our investments. Changes in the various assumptions used to value these securities and any increase in the markets’ perceived risk associated with such investments may also result in a decline in estimated fair
value. 

Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk.
Fixed rate debt securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future
investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. We may suffer losses if forced to sell securities that have experienced a
decline in market value because of changes in interest rates. Currently, we do not use financial derivatives to hedge our interest rate exposure. 

In addition, we hold investments in auction rate securities (ARSs) with a par value of $55.6 million which are securities with long-term nominal maturities. All of our ARSs are backed by pools of student
loans guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education, and we believe the credit quality of these securities is high, 

30 

Table of Contents

based on this guarantee. However, liquidity issues in the global credit markets resulted in the failure of auctions for our ARS investments. For each failed auction, the interest rate resets to a
maximum rate defined for each security, and the ARS continues to pay interest in accordance with its terms, although the principal associated with the ARS will not be accessible until there is a successful auction or such time as other markets for
ARS investments develop or the final maturity of the individual securities. 

As of April 27, 2012, we determined there
was a total decline in the fair value of our ARS investments of approximately $4.5 million, of which we recorded cumulative net temporary impairment charges of $3.1 million and $1.4 million of an other-than-temporary impairment charge. We
have classified all of our ARSs as other non-current assets in our consolidated balance sheet as of April 27, 2012 as our ability to liquidate such securities in the next 12 months is uncertain. Although we currently have the ability and
intent to hold these ARS investments until recovery in market value or until maturity, if current market conditions deteriorate, or the anticipated recovery in market values does not occur, we may be required to record additional impairment charges
in future periods. 

On occasion, we make strategic investments in other companies which may decline in value and/or not meet
desired objectives. The success of these investments depends on various factors over which we may have limited or no control. 

In the event of adverse conditions in the credit and capital markets, our investment portfolio may be impacted and we could determine
that some or all of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment, which could adversely impact our financial position and operating results. 

We are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers, and distributors, especially during times of
economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses. 

Most of our sales to customers
are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. While we monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, and seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe are reasonable, we
may experience losses due to a customer’s inability to pay. 

Beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers
have entered into recourse and nonrecourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. Under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease
payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. 

We offer arrangements whereby the
end-user customer pays a fixed monthly amount plus a variable amount based on actual storage capacity used. These arrangements subject us to additional risk with respect to revenue recognition and profitability due to the uncertainties associated
with the variable portion of the arrangements. In addition, from time to time we provide guarantees for a portion of other financing arrangements under which we could be called upon to make payments to our funding parties in the event of nonpayment
by end-user customers. 

We expect demand for customer financing to continue. During periods of economic uncertainty, our
exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. In addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic
conditions. 

In the past, there have been bankruptcies by our customers to whom we had extended open credit, provided lease
financing arrangements or guaranteed lease payments under full recourse lease arrangements. Such events have caused us to incur bad debt charges, in the case of financing arrangements have caused a loss of revenues, and in the case of recourse lease
arrangements have caused us to make payments to third party financers. We 

31 

Table of Contents

may be subject to similar losses in future periods. Any future losses could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, to
the extent that the recent turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for customers to obtain open credit or lease financing, those customers’ ability to purchase our products could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a
material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. 

A significant portion of our cash and cash
equivalents are held overseas. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash domestically in order to fund our U.S. operations and strategic opportunities, and to service our debt and synthetic leases, we may incur a significant tax liability in
order to repatriate the overseas cash balances, or we may need to raise additional capital in the future. 

As of
April 27, 2012, $2.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held in foreign countries. These amounts are not freely available for dividend repatriation to the U.S. without triggering significant adverse tax
consequences in the U.S. As a result, if the cash generated by our domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our domestic operations, our broader corporate initiatives such as stock repurchases, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities,
and to service our outstanding indebtedness, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. Such
additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our current stockholders’ ownership. Furthermore, lenders, particularly in light of the current challenges in
the credit markets, may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing credit. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign sources of liquidity and incur a
significant tax expense or we may not be able to take advantage of strategic opportunities, develop new products, respond to competitive pressures or repay our outstanding indebtedness. In any such case, our business, operating results or financial
condition could be adversely impacted. 

Our synthetic leases are off-balance sheet arrangements that could negatively
affect our financial condition and operating results. We have invested substantial resources in new facilities and physical infrastructure, which will increase our fixed costs. Our operating results could be harmed if our business does not grow
proportionately to our increase in fixed costs. 

We have various synthetic leasing arrangements with BNP Paribas
Leasing Corporation as lessor (BNPPLC) for our headquarters office buildings and land in Sunnyvale, California. These synthetic leases qualify for operating lease accounting treatment. 

Our future minimum lease payments under these synthetic leases limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
business by restricting the funds available for use in addressing such changes. If we are unable to grow our business and revenues proportionately to our increase in fixed costs, our operating results will be harmed. If we elect not to purchase the