Many of the
factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Recovery from the global recession and credit crisis has and likely will continue to adversely affect our business. 

The continuing economic downturn as a result of the deep global recession that began in the United States in December 2007 and officially
ended in June 2009 is continuing to have an adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows. Apprehension about the potential economic consequences of continuing domestic
political wrangling over budgetary decisions and debt ceiling limits could negatively impact demand for our products. In addition, uncertainties in Europe regarding the financial sector and debt crises and the potential impact on banks in other
regions of the world will continue to weigh on global and domestic growth. 

Although domestic credit markets have largely
stabilized from the height of the financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first half of 2009, the effects of the financial crisis continue to present additional risks to us, our customers and suppliers. In particular, there is no
guarantee that the credit markets or liquidity will not once again be restricted. Additionally, stricter lending standards have made it more difficult and costly for some firms to access the credit markets. Although we believe we have adequate
access to several sources of contractually committed borrowings and other available credit facilities, these risks could temporarily restrict our ability to borrow money on acceptable terms in the credit markets and potentially could affect our
ability to draw on our credit facility. In addition, restricted access to the credit markets is also continuing to make it difficult or, in some cases, impossible for our customers to borrow money to fund their operations. Lack of, or limited access
to, capital would adversely affect our customers’ ability to purchase our products or, in some cases, to pay for our products on a timely basis. 

Long-term unemployment for those unemployed for more than six months remains high and the housing market and nonresidential construction market remain depressed. High unemployment and a weak housing
market have an impact on downstream demand for many of our products. Additionally, nonresidential construction, including publicly financed state and municipal projects, has slowed significantly due to overcapacity of commercial properties and the
reluctance of state and local governments to borrow to spend on capital projects when their operating expenses are in many cases growing faster than their revenues from taxes and other sources. 

Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth could have an adverse effect on our business.

Demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. Our business supports
cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, metals service centers, appliance and automotive industries. As a result, downturns in the United States economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The global economic recession of 2008-2009 and subsequent anemic economic recovery period, coupled with the lingering effects of the global financial and credit market disruptions, have had
a historic negative impact on the steel industry and Nucor. These events contributed to an unprecedented decline in pricing for steel and steel 

8 

Table of Contents

products, weak end-markets and continued depressed demand, resulting in extraordinary volatility in our financial results since the last up-cycle. In 2009, we reported a net loss of $293.6
million, the first in the Company’s history. Although we have since returned to profitability, the economic outlook remains uncertain both in the United States and globally. While we believe that the long-term prospects for the steel industry
remain bright, we are unable to predict the duration of the depressed economic conditions that are contributing to reduced demand for our products. Future economic downturns or a prolonged slow-growth or stagnant economy could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase
the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Global
steelmaking capacity exceeds global consumption of steel products. During periods of global economic weakness this overcapacity is amplified because of weaker global demand. This excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries
exporting significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. In some countries the steel industry is subsidized or owned in whole or in part by the government, giving imported steel from those
countries certain cost advantages. These imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices,
which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Over capacity has also led to greater protectionism as is evident in raw material and finished product border tariffs put in place by
China, Brazil and other countries. 

In particular, steel production in China, the world’s largest producer and consumer
of steel, continues to exceed Chinese demand. This rising overcapacity in China has the potential to result in a further increase in imports of artificially low-priced steel and steel products to the United States that could put our steel products
at a competitive disadvantage. A continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant decrease in China’s rate of economic expansion could result in increasing steel exports from China. 

The recent addition of new capacity and expansion or restarting of existing sheet steel production in the United States has exacerbated
this issue domestically as well as globally. 

Competition from other producers, imports or alternative materials may adversely affect our
business. 

We face strong competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price and
service. The steel markets are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel and raw materials markets. Depending on a variety of factors, including raw materials, energy, labor and capital costs,
government control of currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers, our business may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces. 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, composites, plastic and wood. Increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a
material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 

Since 2011, automobile producers have begun taking steps
towards complying with new Corporate Average Fuel Economy mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks that they produce. As automobile producers work to produce vehicles in compliance with these new standards, they may reduce the amount of
steel or begin utilizing alternative materials in cars and trucks to improve fuel economy, thereby reducing demand for steel and resulting in further over-supply of steel in North America. Certain automakers have announced that they will use greater
amounts of aluminum and smaller proportions of steel in some 2015 models that will be available next year. 

The results of our operations
are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel. 

We rely to an extent
on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes that are critical to the manufacture of our products. Although we have vertically integrated our 

9 

Table of Contents

business by constructing our DRI facilities in Trinidad and Louisiana and also acquiring DJJ, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other sources
located throughout the United States. Although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes is adequate to operate our facilities, prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by changes in scrap exports in
response to changes in the scrap demands of our global competitors. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. The availability and prices of raw
materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability and cost of
transportation. Many countries that export steel into our markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. This trade practice creates artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could
limit our ability to compete in the U.S. market. 

If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may
not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our
products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials, although we have successfully used a raw material surcharge in the steel mills segment since 2004. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our
required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation. 

Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our
business. 

Our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. In addition, our DRI facilities are also
large consumers of natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to
volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by weather, political and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover increased energy costs. Disruptions in the supply
of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs resulting from regulations that are not equally applicable across the entire global steel market could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

A substantial or extended decline in
natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on our natural gas working interest drilling programs. 

The
financial performance and condition of our natural gas drilling programs are substantially dependent on the prevailing prices of natural gas and liquids. Fluctuations in natural gas or liquids prices could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s natural gas operations and financial condition and the value and recovery of its reserves in the working interest drilling programs. Prices for natural gas and liquids fluctuate in response to changes in the supply and demand for
natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors beyond the Company’s control. A substantial or extended decline in the price of natural gas could result in further delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling
programs or curtailment in production at some properties, all of which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s revenues, profitability and cash flows. 

Our steelmaking and DRI processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers and customers, are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other GHGs, and regulation of GHGs,
through new regulations or legislation in an onerous form, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Carbon is an essential raw material in Nucor’s production processes. As a carbon steel producer, Nucor will be increasingly affected both directly and indirectly as GHG regulations are further
implemented. Because these 

10 

Table of Contents

operations are subject to most of these new GHG regulations, we have already begun to feel the impact in the permit modification and reporting processes. Both GHG regulations and recently
promulgated National Ambient Air Quality Standards (“NAAQS”), which are more restrictive than previous standards, make it significantly more difficult to obtain new permits and to modify existing permits. 

These same regulations have indirectly increased the costs to manufacture our products as they have increased the cost of energy,
primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. The discovery of new natural gas reserves utilizing the practice of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing is dampening some of this indirect impact, as some
utilities switch fuels to natural gas from coal thereby reducing their emissions significantly. To the extent that these regulations cause an increase in the cost of energy, they will have an impact on Nucor’s ability to compete.

The USEPA continues to press forward with new regulations that control GHG and other NAAQS pollutants. Most of these and
other related regulations are already, or we expect will shortly be, challenged in court. Until all proposed GHG emission regulations are adopted in final form and all legal challenges are resolved, we cannot reliably estimate their full impact
on our financial condition, operating performance or ability to compete. Because some foreign steel producers are not subject to these same indirect cost increases, our products could be at a further competitive disadvantage. In addition
to increased costs of production, we could also incur costs to defend and resolve legal claims and other litigation related to new air and water quality regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on the environment. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position.

Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the
environment, and we, accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. These laws are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in these estimates. To the extent that
competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products, are not required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. If one of our permits is revoked or if we were
to experience significant delays in obtaining a permit modification or a new permit, this could result in operational delays at one or more of our facilities, causing a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating
restrictions or delays. 

Various legislative efforts, at all levels, are in process that are intended to further regulate
the hydraulic fracturing process used by the oil and gas industry. Hydraulic fracturing is an important and commonly used process in the completion of natural gas wells in shale and tight sand formations, including all of those in our working
interest natural gas drilling program. This process involves the injection of water, chemicals and, at times, sand under pressure into rock formations to stimulate the production of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids. Sponsors of these
proposals and regulations have asserted that chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect drinking water supplies and/or that hydraulic fracturing could pose a variety of other risks. Any onerous governmental regulations could
lead to operational delays, increased operating costs that could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing and possibly even the cessation of drilling. 

We acquire businesses from time to time and we may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire. 

We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that are complementary to our existing strengths. Realizing the anticipated
benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses. 

11 

Table of Contents

In addition, we may enter into joint ventures or acquisitions located outside the U.S.,
which may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations, changes in economic conditions and changes in local government regulations and policies. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. 

The steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents,
natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, unplanned critical equipment failures, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. While our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of those types of
events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by our insurance. 

Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of
our cash requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year
period ended December 31, 2013, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $3.44 billion. Our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. Although we expect requirements for our
business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies, will be financed by internally generated funds or from borrowings under our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we
cannot assure you that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions could require financing from external sources. 

Changes in foreign
currency may adversely affect our financial results. 

Because of our international expansion efforts, we are increasingly
exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. Generally, each of our foreign operations both produces and sells in its local currency, limiting our exposure to foreign currency transactions. We monitor our exposures and, from time to time, may use
forward currency contracts to hedge certain forecasted currency transactions. In addition to potential transaction losses, our reported results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities
and balances of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. 

The accounting treatment of
equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. 

We periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. The results
of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by the continuing uncertain market conditions for the steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates and general economic conditions. If we determine that the fair value of any
of these long-lived assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and in the case of equity method investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact our
results of operations. 

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 

The steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. As a company based in the U.S., Nucor is more exposed to the
effects of changes in U.S. tax laws than some of our major competitors. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. Potential changes that would adversely affect us
include, but are not limited to, current proposals for corporate tax reform which would lower tax rates and eliminate most tax expenditures (repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out treatment of inventory), accelerated depreciation, and the domestic
production activity deduction) and decreasing the ability of U.S. companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to defer the U.S. deduction of expenses in connection with investments made in other countries. 

12 

Table of Contents

We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks.

We spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with governmental safety and environmental regulations, contractual obligations and
other legal standards. Notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, environmental, employment, intellectual property, contractual and
governmental matters, that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. A negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal
proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the nature of our operations means that legal
and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time.