Many of the
factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth could have an adverse effect on our business.

Demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. Our business supports
cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, metals service centers, appliance and automotive industries. As a result, downturns in the United States economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While the United States has recently experienced modest growth in the general economy and steel demand in this country is stronger than in many parts of the world, the global and domestic
steel industries continue to face significant challenges. These challenges are caused by global overcapacity in the steel industry and ongoing uncertainties in other regions of the world. These situations can contribute to weaker end-markets and
depressed demand for domestically produced steel and steel products, potentially resulting in extraordinary volatility in our financial results. 

The economic outlook for our industry remains uncertain both in the United States and globally. While we believe that the long-term prospects for the steel industry remain bright, we are unable to predict
the duration of the current economic conditions that are contributing to reduced demand for domestically produced steel and steel products well below the 2007 pre-recession levels. Future economic downturns or a prolonged slow-growth or stagnant
economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in the
global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The current global steelmaking capacity exceeds the current global consumption of steel. During periods of global economic weakness this overcapacity is amplified because of weaker global demand. This
excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. In some countries the steel industry is subsidized or owned in
whole or in part by the government, giving imported steel from those countries certain cost advantages. These imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and

8 

Table of Contents

domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. Overcapacity has also led to greater protectionism as is evident in raw material and finished product border tariffs put in place by China, Brazil and other countries. 

In particular, steel production in China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, continues to exceed Chinese demand.
According to the China Iron & Steel Association, China’s total annual crude steel capacity is 1.2 billion metric tons, while Chinese apparent steel demand was only 645 million metric tons in the first 11 months of 2015. This
rising overcapacity and slowdown in demand in China has resulted in a further increase in imports of artificially low-priced steel and steel products to the United States and world steel markets. Steel and steel products which would otherwise have
been consumed by the local steel customers could then be displaced into global markets, putting our steel and steel products at a competitive disadvantage. A continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant decrease in China’s rate
of economic expansion could result in increasing steel exports from China. 

Producers in the world steel market could pursue
additional export opportunities as a result of the current abundance of ocean freight capacity and lower fuel costs. Furthermore, the domestic steel market could experience a contraction in exports at the same time as imports grow due to weakening
conditions in Europe and policies of foreign governments that result in overvaluing the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies. Furthermore, the planned addition of new capacity in the United States could exacerbate the issue of overcapacity
domestically as well as globally. 

Competition from other producers, imports or alternative materials may adversely affect our business.

We face strong competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price and service. The
steel markets are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel and raw materials markets. Depending on a variety of factors, including raw materials cost and availability, energy, technology, labor and
capital costs, government control of currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers, our business may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces. 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, composites, plastic and wood. Increased use of
these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 

Since 2011, automobile producers have begun taking steps towards complying with new Corporate Average Fuel Economy mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks that they produce. As automobile
producers work to produce vehicles in compliance with these new standards, they may reduce the amount of steel or begin utilizing alternative materials in cars and trucks to improve fuel economy, thereby reducing demand for steel and resulting in
further over-supply of steel in North America. Certain automakers have begun to use greater amounts of aluminum and smaller proportions of steel in some models since 2015. 

The results of our operations are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel. 

We rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes that are critical to
the manufacture of our products. Although we have further vertically integrated our business by constructing our DRI facilities in Trinidad and Louisiana and also acquiring DJJ, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap,
from numerous other sources located throughout the United States. Although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes is adequate to operate our facilities, prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by
changes in scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap, scrap substitutes and iron ore demands of our global competitors. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other
terms acceptable to us. The availability and prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and 

9 

Table of Contents

regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability and cost of
transportation. Many countries that export steel into our markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. This trade practice creates an artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could
limit our ability to compete in the U.S. market. 

If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may
not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our
products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products.
This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation. 

Changes in the availability and cost of
electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our business. 

Our steel
mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. In addition, our DRI facilities are also large consumers of natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices
for and availability of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by weather, political and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our
products to cover increased energy costs. Disruptions in the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs resulting from regulations that are not
equally applicable across the entire global steel market could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

A substantial or extended decline in natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on our natural gas working interest drilling programs. 

The financial performance and condition of our natural gas working interest drilling programs are substantially dependent on the
prevailing prices of natural gas and liquids. Fluctuations in natural gas or liquids prices could have an adverse effect on the Company’s natural gas operations and financial condition and the value and recovery of its reserves in the working
interest drilling programs. Prices for natural gas and liquids fluctuate in response to changes in the supply and demand for natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors beyond the Company’s control. A substantial
or extended decline in the price of natural gas could result in further delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling programs or curtailment in production at some properties, all of which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s
revenues, profitability and cash flows. 

Our steelmaking processes, DRI processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our
suppliers, customers and competitors are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other GHGs. The regulation of these GHGs through new regulations or legislation in an onerous form could have a material adverse impact on our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Carbon is an essential raw material in Nucor’s production processes.
As a carbon steel producer, Nucor will be increasingly affected both directly and indirectly if GHG regulations are further implemented. Because our operations are subject to most of these new GHG regulations, we have already begun to feel the
impact in the permit modification and reporting processes. Both GHG regulations and recently promulgated NAAQS, which are more restrictive than previous standards, make it significantly more difficult to obtain new permits and to modify existing
permits. 

These same regulations have indirectly increased the costs to manufacture our products as they have and continue to
increase the cost of energy, primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. The discovery of new natural gas reserves utilizing the practice of horizontal drilling and hydraulic

10 

Table of Contents

fracturing is dampening some of this indirect impact, as some utilities switch fuels to natural gas from coal thereby reducing their emissions significantly. However, because some generating
facilities when faced with new regulations are idling facilities instead of converting to natural gas, the resulting reduction in capacity can and will create further pressure on electrical energy prices. The USEPA has recently finalized its CPP,
but there are ongoing legal challenges to that regulation. These are regulations intended to reduce GHGs from electric generating units. The increase in electric costs will vary on a state by state basis but will be substantial across all regions.
Some states are expected to see increases in excess of 50% for ratepayers. There will be many legal challenges to these new regulations, but the reality is that utility companies are making decisions today that will increase cost because of
uncertainty of the outcome of any legal challenges. To the extent that these regulations cause either directly or indirectly an increase in the cost of energy, they will have an impact on Nucor’s competitive position. 

The USEPA continues to press forward with new regulations that control GHG and other NAAQS pollutants. Court challenges regarding many of
these regulations have diminished to some extent their impact on various operations. Nucor operations have not, however, experienced any relief from these legal actions. Further court challenges to some of the NAAQS revisions may affect our
operations, but the impact is likely to be minimal. Because some foreign steel producers are not subject to these same indirect and direct regulatory burdens and their associated cost increases, our products could be at a further competitive
disadvantage. In addition to increased costs of production, we could also incur costs to defend and resolve legal claims and other litigation related to new air and water quality regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on the
environment. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our
competitive position. 

Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to
protection of the environment, and we accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. These laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in these
estimates. The USEPA has recently revised the rules and definitions around recycling and solid wastes. The new rules require states to create new programs and certification processes for the companies that wish to continue recycling materials.
Increased administrative and operational costs are likely in the United States to handle steel mill recycled materials such as slag, mill scale, iron dusts, lime and air filtration control dusts. To the extent that competitors, particularly foreign
steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products, are not subject to similar regulation and required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. If one of our permits is revoked or if we were
to experience significant delays in obtaining a permit modification or a new permit, this could result in operational delays at one or more of our facilities, causing a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

We acquire businesses from time to time and we may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire. 

We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that
strengthen Nucor. Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic partners. Our business,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. 

The steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents,
natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, unplanned critical equipment failures, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. While our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of those types of
events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by our insurance. 

11 

Table of Contents

We are subject to information technology and cyber security threats which could have an adverse effect on
our business. 

We utilize various information technology systems to efficiently address business functions ranging from the
operation of our production equipment to administrative computation to the storage of data such as intellectual property and proprietary business information. Despite efforts to assure secure and uninterrupted operations, threats from increasingly
sophisticated cyber-attacks or system failures could result in materially adverse operational disruptions or security breaches. These risks could result in disclosure or destruction of key proprietary information and reputational damage that could
adversely affect our ability to physically produce steel and therefore affect our results of operations. 

Our business requires substantial
capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2015, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were
approximately $4 billion. Our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. Although we expect requirements for our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any
contingencies, will be financed by internally generated funds or from borrowings under our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions or unforeseen events could require
financing from additional sources. 

Risks associated with operating in international markets could adversely affect our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

Certain of our businesses and investments are located outside of the United States, in
Europe and in emerging markets. There are a number of risks inherent in doing business in such markets. These risks include but are not limited to: unfavorable political or economic factors; local labor and social issues; changes in regulatory
requirements; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and complex foreign laws, treaties including tax laws and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. These risks could restrict our ability to operate our international
businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, our reported results of operations and financial position could also be negatively affected by exchange rates when the
activities and balances of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. 

The accounting
treatment of equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. 

We periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. The results
of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by the continuing uncertain market conditions for the steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates and general economic conditions. If we determine that the fair value of any
of these assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and in the case of equity method investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact our results of
operations. 

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 

The steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. As a company based in the United States, Nucor is more exposed to
the effects of changes in U.S. tax laws than some of our major competitors. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax

12 

Table of Contents

laws. Potential changes that would adversely affect us include, but are not limited to, current proposals for corporate tax reform which would lower tax rates and eliminate most tax deductions
[repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out treatment of inventory), accelerated depreciation, and the domestic production activity deduction] and decrease the ability of U.S. companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to defer the U.S.
deduction of expenses in connection with investments made in other countries. 

We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance
risks. 

We spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with domestic and foreign regulations, contractual
obligations and other legal standards. Notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual
property, contractual, import/export, international trade and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see Item 3. “Legal
Proceedings.” A negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk
management and compliance programs, the nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will
arise from time to time.