Many of the
factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Recovery from the global recession and credit crisis has and likely will continue to adversely affect our business. 

The sluggish pace of the recovery from the deep global recession that began in the United States in December 2007 and officially ended in
June 2009 is continuing to have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Although credit markets have largely stabilized from the height of the financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first half of 2009, the effects of the financial crisis continue to present
additional risks to us, our customers and suppliers. In particular, there is no guarantee that the credit markets or liquidity will not once again be restricted. Additionally, stricter lending standards have made it more difficult for some firms to
access the credit markets. Although we believe we have adequate access to several sources of contractually committed borrowings and other available credit facilities, these risks could temporarily restrict our ability to borrow money

5 

Table of Contents

on acceptable terms in the credit markets and potentially could affect our ability to draw on our credit facility. In addition, restricted access to the credit markets is also continuing to make
it difficult or, in some cases, impossible for our customers to borrow money to fund their operations. Their lack of, or limited access to, capital would adversely affect their ability to purchase our products or, in some cases, to pay for our
products on a timely basis. 

Long-term unemployment for those unemployed for more than six months remains at historically high
levels and the housing market and non-residential construction market remain depressed. High unemployment and a weak housing market have an impact on downstream demand for many of our products. Additionally, non-residential construction, including
publicly financed state and municipal projects, has slowed significantly due to overcapacity of commercial properties and the reluctance of state and local governments to borrow to spend on capital projects when faced with stagnant or declining tax
revenues and increased operating costs. 

Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to
general economic conditions. Our business supports cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, appliance and automotive industries. As a result, downturns in the United States economy or any of these industries could materially
adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The global economic recession of 2008/2009 and subsequent anemic economic recovery period, coupled with the lingering effects of the global financial and credit market
disruptions, have had a historic negative impact on the steel industry and Nucor. These events contributed to an unprecedented decline in pricing for steel and steel products, weak end-markets and continued depressed demand, resulting in
extraordinary volatility in our financial results in the last three years. After reporting record net earnings of $1.83 billion in 2008, we reported a net loss of $293.6 million in 2009, the first in the Company’s history. In 2010, we returned
to profitability, reporting net income of $134.1 million, but the economic outlook remains uncertain both in the United States and globally. While we believe that the long-term prospects for the steel industry remain bright, we are unable to
predict the duration of the depressed economic conditions that are contributing to reduced demand for our products. Future economic downturns or a prolonged stagnant economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may
negatively affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Global steelmaking capacity exceeds global
consumption of steel products. During periods of global economic weakness this overcapacity is amplified because of weaker global demand. This excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting significant amounts of steel
and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. In some countries the steel industry is subsidized or owned in whole or in part by the government, giving imported steel from those countries certain cost advantages. These
imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In particular, steel production in China, the
world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, currently exceeds Chinese demand and in recent years the production growth rate has exceeded the growth rate of demand. This rising overcapacity in China has the potential to result in a further
increase in imports of low-priced, unfairly traded steel and steel products to the United States that could put our steel products at a competitive disadvantage. A continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant decrease in
China’s rate of economic expansion could result in increasing steel exports from China. 

6 

Table of Contents

Competition from other producers, imports or alternative materials may have a material adverse effect our
business. 

We face strong competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price and
service. The steel markets are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel and raw materials markets. Depending on a variety of factors, including raw materials, energy, labor and capital costs,
government control of currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers, our business may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces. 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, composites, plastic and wood. Increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a
material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 

In 2011, automobile producers must begin complying with
new Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks that they produce. As automobile producers work to produce vehicles in compliance with these new standards, they may reduce the amount of steel
in cars and trucks to improve fuel economy, thereby reducing demand for steel and resulting in further over-supply of steel in North America. 

The results of our operations are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel. 

We rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes, that are critical to
the manufacture of our products. Although we have vertically integrated our business by constructing our DRI facility in Trinidad and acquiring DJJ in 2008, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other
sources located throughout the United States. Although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes is adequate to operate our facilities, purchase prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by changes in
scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap demands of our global competitors. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. The availability and
prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability
and cost of transportation. Many countries that export steel into our markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. This trade practice creates artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers
that could limit our ability to compete in the U.S. market. 

If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw
materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the
price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials, although we have successfully used a raw material surcharge in the steel mills segment since 2004. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries
of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation. 

Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our
business. 

Our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of
energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by
weather, political and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover increased energy costs. Disruptions in the supply of our energy resources could

7 

Table of Contents

temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs resulting from regulations that are not applicable across the entire steel market could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our steelmaking processes, and the
manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers and customers, are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other “Greenhouse Gasses” (“GHGs”), and regulation of GHGs, through new regulations or legislation in an onerous
form, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Carbon is an
essential raw material in Nucor’s production processes. As a carbon steel producer, Nucor will be affected, both directly and indirectly, if Congress passes legislation or the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“USEPA”)
adopts standards intended to regulate GHG emissions. Cap-and-trade legislation designed to curb emissions of GHGs passed in the House of Representatives in 2009, but similar legislation failed to pass in the Senate in 2010. Several states have
already adopted, and other states may in the future adopt, legislation or regulations implementing state-wide or in some cases regional cap-and-trade systems that apply to some or all industries that emit GHGs. To the extent that these programs
cause an increase in the cost of energy they will have an impact on Nucor’s ability to operate in those regions. 

The
USEPA announced in December 2010 a timetable for issuing new rules under the Clean Air Act that will limit GHG emissions from new and refurbished power plants and new oil refineries with target dates of May and November 2012 for adopting final
rules. Rules for existing plants and refineries would be issued by the EPA at an unspecified date thereafter. If the proposed regulations for power generation are adopted in a form that requires deep reductions in GHG emissions, we could incur
increased indirect costs to manufacture our products as such regulations would result in an increased cost of the energy, primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. Until all proposed GHG emission regulations
are adopted in final form and all legal challenges to them, including the authority of the USEPA to adopt them, have been resolved, however, we cannot reliably estimate their impact on our financial condition, operating performance or ability to
compete. Because some foreign steel producers will not be subject to these same indirect cost increases, our products could be at a further competitive disadvantage. In addition to increased costs of production, we could also incur costs
to defend and resolve legal claims and other litigation related to GHG regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on climate change. 

We plan to continue to implement our acquisition strategy and may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire. 

We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that are
complementary to our existing strengths. Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic
partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses. 

In addition, we may enter into joint ventures or acquisitions located outside the U.S., which may be adversely affected by foreign
currency fluctuations, changes in economic conditions and changes in local government regulations and policies. 

Our operations are subject
to business interruptions and casualty losses. 

The steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks,
particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents, natural or man-made disasters, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. While our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of
those types of events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by our insurance. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital
resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the
five-year period ended December 31, 2010, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $2.61 billion. Our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. Although we expect requirements for
our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies will be financed by internally generated funds or from borrowings under our $1.3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility,
we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions could require financing from external sources. 

Environmental
compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position. 

Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, and we, accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the
estimated costs of compliance. These laws are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in these estimates. To the extent that competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products,
are not required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. 

Changes in foreign currency
may adversely affect our financial results. 

Because of our international expansion efforts, we are exposed to changes in
foreign exchange rates. Generally, each of our foreign operations both produces and sells in its local currency, limiting our exposure to foreign currency transactions. We monitor our exposures and, from time to time, may use forward currency
contracts to hedge certain forecasted currency transactions. In addition to potential transaction losses, our reported results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities and balances of
our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. 

The accounting treatment of equity method
investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. 

We periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value
is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. The results of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by the continuing uncertain market conditions for the steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates and
general economic conditions. If we determine that the fair value of any of these long-lived assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, we will incur a non-cash impairment loss that will negatively impact our results of operations.

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 

The steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. As a company based in the U.S., Nucor is more exposed to the
effects of changes in U.S. tax laws than some of our major competitors. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. Potential changes that would adversely affect us
include, but are not limited to, repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out treatment of inventory) and decreasing the ability of U.S. companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to defer the U.S. deduction of expenses in connection with
investments made in other countries.