Many of the
factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The current global recession and credit crisis have and are likely to continue to adversely affect our business. 

The current deep and potentially prolonged global recession that officially began in the United States in December 2007 has, since the third
quarter of 2008, had a material adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows. A continued recession both globally and in the United States, or the public perception that
a recession is continuing, could continue to depress demand for our products and adversely affect our business. 

Since the
financial and credit crisis began, the U.S. Government and the Federal Reserve Bank have created a number of programs that have helped to stabilize credit markets and financial institutions and restore liquidity. Despite these efforts, there can be
no assurance that these programs, individually or collectively, will continue to have beneficial effects on the markets overall, or will resolve the credit or liquidity issues of companies that participate in the programs. Although we believe we
have adequate access to several sources of contractually committed borrowings and other available credit facilities, this current crisis could temporarily restrict our ability to borrow money on acceptable terms in the credit markets and potentially
could affect our ability to draw on our credit facility. The recession is also making it difficult or, in many cases, impossible for our customers to borrow money to fund their operations. Their lack of, or limited access to, capital would adversely
affect their ability to purchase our products or, in some cases, to pay for our products on a timely basis. 

Our industry is cyclical and
prolonged economic declines could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Demand for most of our products is
cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. Our business supports cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, appliance and automotive. As a result, downturns in the United States economy or any of these
industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The current global economic recession, coupled with the continued global financial and credit market disruptions, have had a historic
negative impact on the steel industry and Nucor. These events have contributed to an unprecedented decline in pricing for steel and steel products, weak end-markets and continued depressed demand, all resulting in historic volatility in our
financial results year over year. Nucor reported record high earnings of $1.83 billion in 2008 and recorded the Company’s first net loss of $294 million in 2009. While Nucor believes that the long-term prospects for steel remain bright, the
Company is unable to predict the duration or severity of the current global recession. Future economic downturns or a prolonged stagnant economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Global steel-making capacity exceeds global consumption of steel products,
particularly during periods of global recession. This excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting significant

8 

Table of Contents

Item 1A.

, continued 

amounts of steel and steel products at prices below their cost of production. These imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and
domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, has the potential to result in a further increase in imports
of low-priced, unfairly traded steel and steel products to the United States. In recent years, capacity growth in China has significantly exceeded the growth in Chinese market demand. A continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant
decrease in China’s rate of economic expansion could result in increasing steel exports from China. 

The results of our operations are
sensitive to volatility in steel prices and changes in the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel. 

We rely to an
extent on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes, that are critical to the manufacture of our products. Although Nucor has vertically integrated its business through our DRI facility in Trinidad
and through the acquisition of DJJ, we are still required to purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other sources throughout the country. Although we believe that the supply of scrap is adequate to operate our
facilities, purchase prices of these critical raw materials are subject to volatility and are influenced by changes in scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap demands of global competitors. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an
adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. The availability and prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in
production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability and cost of transportation. 

If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted
customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials, although we have successfully used a raw material
surcharge in the steel mills segment since 2004. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. This could cause us to lose
sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation. 

Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are
subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our business. 

Our steel mills are large consumers of
electricity and natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to
volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by weather and political and economic factors beyond our control. Disruptions in the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our
products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our steel making processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers and customers, are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other “Greenhouse Gasses”, and pending
legislation or regulation of GHG’s, if enacted or adopted in an onerous form, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Carbon is an essential raw material in Nucor’s production processes. As a carbon steel producer, Nucor will be affected, both directly
and indirectly, if proposed climate change legislation, such as use of a “cap and trade”

9 

Table of Contents

Item 1.

A. Risk Factors, continued 

policy, is enacted into law or, alternatively, regulations intended to reduce GHG emissions are adopted by the EPA. The impact of legislation and regulations on Nucor and its suppliers and
customers will depend on a number of factors, including whether GHG sources in multiple sectors of the economy are regulated, the overall GHG emissions cap level, the degree to which GHG offsets are allowed, the allocation of emission allowances to
specific sources and the indirect impact of carbon regulation on electricity and natural gas prices. If such legislation is enacted or regulations are adopted, we could incur increased energy, environmental and other costs and capital expenditures
to comply with the limitations. Unless and until legislation is enacted and its terms are known, we cannot reasonably or reliably estimate its impact on our financial condition, operating performance or ability to compete. We could face increased
costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other litigation related to climate change and the alleged impact of our operations on climate change. 

We plan to continue to implement our acquisition strategy and may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire. 

We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that are
complementary to our existing strengths. Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic
partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses. 

In addition, we may enter into joint ventures or acquisitions located outside the U.S., which may be adversely affected by foreign currency
fluctuations, changes in economic conditions and changes in local government regulations and policies. 

Competition from other materials
may have a material adverse effect our business. 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as
aluminum, cement, composites, glass, plastic and wood. Increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 

Congress has raised the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks produced
beginning in 2011. Automobile producers may reduce the steel content of cars and trucks to help achieve the new CAFE fuel economy standards, reducing demand for steel and resulting in an over-supply in North America. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. 

The steel-making business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents,
inclement weather and transportation interruptions. While our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of those types of events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are
not covered by our insurance. 

Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources
may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year
period ended December 31, 2009, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $2.60 billion. Our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. Although we expect requirements for our
business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies to be financed by internally

10 

Table of Contents

Item 1A.

Risk Factors, continued 

generated funds or from borrowings under our $1.3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions could require
financing from external sources. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially
adversely impact our competitive position. 

Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and
regulations relating to protection of the environment, and we, accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. These laws are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in
these estimates. To the extent that competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products, are not required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. 

Changes in foreign currency may adversely affect our financial results. 

Some of our steel products and other subsidiaries conduct their business in local currency and, for purposes of financial reporting, their
results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income will be reduced because the local currency
will translate to fewer U.S. dollars. A strong U.S. dollar also hampers our international trading and distribution business. Weak local currencies limit the amount of U.S. dollar denominated products that we can import for our international
operations and limits our ability to be competitive against local producers selling in local currencies. 

The accounting treatment of
equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. 

We periodically calculate the fair value of our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to test for impairment. The results of this calculation may be affected by the current
adverse market conditions for the steel industry, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If impairment is determined to exist, we will incur non-cash impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings. 

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 

The steel industry and specifically Nucor’s business is sensitive to changes in taxes. As a company based in the U.S., Nucor is more
exposed to the effects of the various forms of tax increases in the U.S. than some of our major competitors. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws and regulations such
as certain provisions in the current administration’s budget proposals and various tax changes under discussion in Congress. The proposals with potential adverse effect include, but are not limited to, repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out
treatment of inventory) and decreasing the ability of U.S. companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to defer the U.S. deduction of expenses in connection with investments made in other countries.