Many of the factors that affect our
business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

4 

Table of Contents

Item 1A.

, continued 

Our industry is cyclical and prolonged economic declines could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. Our business supports cyclical industries such as the
commercial construction, energy, appliance and automotive industries. As a result, downturns in the United States economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Because steel producers
generally have high fixed costs, reduced volumes result in operating inefficiencies. Over the five-year period ended December 31, 2007, our net earnings have varied from a high of $1.76 billion in 2006 to a low of $64.8 million in 2003. Future
economic downturns or a prolonged stagnant economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Global steel-making capacity exceeds global consumption of steel products. This excess capacity results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting
significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices below their cost of production. These imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and domestic and international government
actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Overcapacity in China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, has the potential to result in a further increase in imports of low-priced, unfairly traded steel and steel products to the United
States. In recent years, capacity growth in China has significantly exceeded the growth in Chinese market demand. A continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant decrease in China’s rate of economic expansion could result in
China increasing steel exports. 

The results of our operations are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and changes in the cost of raw materials,
particularly scrap steel. 

We rely to a substantial extent on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials that are critical to the
manufacture of our products. We acquire our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous sources throughout the country. Although we believe that the supply of scrap is adequate to operate our facilities, purchase prices of these critical raw
materials are subject to volatility and growing scrap exports to satisfy the scrap demand of global competitors. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable
to us. 

If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to
the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the
raw materials, although we have successfully used a raw material surcharge in the steel mills segment since 2004. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture
sufficient quantities of our products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation. 

Changes in the
availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our business. 

Our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil
and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by weather and political and economic factors beyond our control. Disruptions in the supply of 

5 

Table of Contents

Item 1A.

Risk Factors, continued 

our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our steel making processes, and the manufacturing processes
of many of our customers and suppliers, are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other “Greenhouse Gasses” (GHG’s). 

In 2007, several bills were introduced in the United States Senate that would regulate GHG and carbon dioxide emissions. This legislation, when adopted, will increase our energy and other operating costs. This legislation
regulates domestic production but excludes imports from the same standards for a period of eight years, which will make domestic manufacturing uncompetitive with imported products during this time. These increased costs could also encourage
more of our customers to relocate their manufacturing facilities to foreign countries that do not regulate GHG emissions and where Nucor is not positioned to sell or distribute our products. This legislation is also likely to increase energy costs
for all U.S. consumers resulting in a weaker domestic economy. 

We plan to continue to implement acquisition strategies and may encounter difficulties
in integrating businesses we acquire. 

We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint
ventures and make other investments that are complementary to our existing strengths. Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to integrate these businesses with our operations and to
cooperate with our strategic partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses. 

In addition, we may enter into joint ventures or acquisitions located outside the U.S., which may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations,
changes in economic conditions and changes in local government regulations and policies. 

Competition from other materials may materially adversely
affect our business. 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as aluminum, cement, composites, glass, plastic
and wood. Increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could materially adversely affect prices and demand for our steel products. 

Congress has recently raised the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks produced beginning in 2011. Automobile producers may reduce the steel content of
cars and trucks to achieve the new CAFE fuel economy standards, reducing demand for steel and resulting in an over-supply in North America. 

Our
operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. 

The steel-making business is subject to numerous inherent risks,
particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. While our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of those types of events, our results of operations and
cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by our insurance. 

Our business requires substantial capital
investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. 

Our
operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2007, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $1.69 billion. Our business also requires substantial 

6 

Table of Contents

Item 1A.

Risk Factors, continued 

expenditures for routine maintenance. Although we expect requirements for our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for
financings and any contingencies to be financed by internally generated funds or from borrowings under our $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions could require
financing from external sources. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact
our competitive position. 

Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection
of the environment, and we, accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. These laws are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in these estimates. To the extent that
competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive steel products, are not required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. 

Changes in foreign currency may adversely affect our financial results. 

Some of our steel products and other subsidiaries conduct their business in local currency and, for purposes of financial reporting, their results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates
prevailing during a reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income will be reduced because the local currency will translate to fewer U.S. dollars. 

The accounting treatment of goodwill and other intangible assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. 

We periodically calculate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by the market
conditions noted above, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings.