Set forth below and elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC, are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report. 

Recent deterioration in the global economy and credit markets has affected and may continue to adversely affect our
results of operations. 

Our operations have been adversely affected by the recent deterioration in the global economy causing our customers to
delay or discontinue spending on our products. Continuation of the economic downturn may further negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key suppliers, or the ability of our customers to
obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If the global economy and credit markets continue to deteriorate or do not improve and our future sales continue to decline, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
impacted. 

Downturns in the semiconductor industry negatively impact demand for our equipment. 

Our business depends predominantly on the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on current and anticipated market demand for
integrated circuits and the products that use them. The semiconductor industry has historically been cyclical and has experienced periodic downturns that reduced the demand for semiconductor processing equipment, including equipment that we
manufacture and market. During periods of reduced and declining demand, we must be able to quickly and effectively align our costs with prevailing market conditions, and at the same time motivate and retain key employees and maintain a stable
management team. During periods of reduced demand, our inventory levels have at times been higher than optimal and our gross margins have at times been lower than optimal due to lower production volumes. We cannot provide any assurance that we will
not be required to make inventory valuation adjustments in future periods. During periods of rapid growth, we must be able to acquire or develop sufficient manufacturing capacity, and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified people to
meet customer demand. Net orders, net sales and operating results may be adversely affected and result in additional workforce reductions if we fail to respond to changing industry conditions in a timely and effective manner. We experienced a
decrease in bookings in each successive quarter during 2008. We could continue to experience decreases in bookings in the foreseeable future, and as a result, our net sales and operating results may be adversely affected. In the period from 2001
through 2006, we implemented restructuring plans to align our business with fluctuating conditions. In 2008 we implemented cost reduction actions to align our business with current economic conditions. Future restructurings or other cost reduction
actions may be required. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our financial results have fallen short and may continue to fall short of anticipated levels;
forecasting net sales and profitability is complex and our forecasts may be inaccurate. 

Our financial results in the first and fourth quarters of
2008 fell short of previously announced guidance for those quarters. The first quarter shortfall was the result of higher than anticipated manufacturing costs, higher write-downs of evaluation systems and a higher than anticipated effective tax
rate. The fourth quarter shortfall was the result of customer delays in scheduled shipments and cancellations of systems orders due to the rapid decline in the economy during the quarter. Management typically provides quarterly financial forecasts.
These forecasts, when made, are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. However, actual results may vary from forecasted results for a variety of reasons as evidenced by the first and fourth quarters of 2008. Our lengthy sales
cycle, coupled with customers’ competing capital budget considerations, makes the timing of customer orders and product acceptances difficult to predict. In addition, our backlog at the beginning of a quarter typically does not include all
orders required to achieve our sales objectives for that quarter and is not a reliable indicator of our future sales. As a result, our revenues and operating results for a quarter depend on our shipping orders as scheduled during that quarter,
receiving customer acceptance during the quarter of previously shipped products, and obtaining new orders for products to be shipped in that same quarter. Any delay in, or cancellation of, scheduled shipments and customer acceptances or in shipments
from new orders could materially and adversely affect our financial results. These factors have caused and may continue to cause our financial results to differ materially from prior periods and from financial forecasts we have previously provided.

Although we believe that these forecasts provide investors and analysts with a better understanding of management’s expectations for the future and
are useful to our stockholders and potential stockholders, such forecasts are comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. If our
operating or financial results for a particular period differ from our forecasts or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we change our forecasts for future periods, the market price of our common stock could decline. 

Changes in tax rates, tax assets or liabilities have negatively impacted our results and could further negatively impact our future results.

We are subject to taxation in the United States and other countries. Our effective tax rate has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the
future. For example, the significant decrease in the provision for income taxes from 2007 to 2008 is primarily due to our current year pre-tax loss compared to the prior year pre-tax income and the geographical mix of those losses in the current
year. Also impacting the typical relationship between pre-tax income (loss) and the provision for income taxes were (a) the minimal tax benefit in the current year related to the goodwill impairment charge within the Industrial Applications
Group reporting unit and (b) the capital losses related to the other-than-temporary impairment charge in our auction rate securities portfolio. 

Future effective tax rates could also be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in the tax laws. We are also
subject to regular examination of our tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities, including state revenue agencies and foreign governments. The IRS and other tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on
intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangible assets. We could face significant future challenges on these transfer pricing issues in one or more jurisdictions. We regularly assess the
likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from examinations by the IRS and other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no
assurance that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Factors that could cause estimates to be materially different include, but are not limited to:

•

 Changes in the regulatory environment; 

•

 Changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 Overall business conditions in the equipment industry; 

•

 Changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction; and 

•

 The Company’s operating results before taxes. 

Our liquidity can be affected by unanticipated events in the credit markets. 

As of December 31, 2008,
we held tax-exempt auction-rate securities with a fair value of $91.9 million, whose underlying assets are either student loans substantially backed by the federal government or closed-end municipal funds. Beginning in February 2008, these
auction-rate securities became illiquid because their scheduled auctions failed to settle. An auction failure occurs when the parties wishing to sell securities at auction cannot. As a result, we have had and may continue to have limited or no
opportunities to liquidate these investments and fully recover their stated value in the near term. These investments were classified as non-current and we have recognized a temporary unrealized loss of $13.0 million within other comprehensive
income and an other-than-temporary loss of $3.5 million within other income, net as of December 31, 2008. If current market conditions do not improve, further temporary and other-than-temporary impairment charges could occur in future periods
which would reduce the value of our investments and could negatively impact our results of operations. Based on our expected operating cash flows, and our other sources of cash, we do not anticipate the current illiquidity of these investments to
adversely affect our operations. 

We believe most of the impairment of these securities is temporary because we have the ability and intent to hold these
securities to recovery and they have either been guaranteed by the federal government or, in the case of closed-end funds, they are backed by more than 200% collateral. Substantially all of our auction-rate securities are currently rated AAA, the
highest rating by a rating agency. We evaluate our investments periodically for possible other-than-temporary impairment by reviewing factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial
condition of the issuer and insurance guarantor, and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time which may be sufficient for anticipated recovery of market value. We believe we will ultimately be able to liquidate these
investments without significant loss through successful auctions, redemptions of securities by the issuers, or upon maturity. However, it might be necessary to hold these securities until the final maturity of the underlying notes to realize their
full value. 

Our quarterly operating results and stock price are unpredictable. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, which may adversely affect our stock price. Our
future quarterly operating results and stock price may not align with past trends. The factors that have had and could continue to lead to fluctuations in our results include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Changing demand for and sales of lower-margin products relative to higher-margin products; 

•

 Economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industry generally and the equipment industry specifically; 

•

 Unpredictability of demand for and variability of mix of our products in our forecast, which can cause unexpected positive or negative inventory adjustments in a
particular period; 

•

 Emergence of new industry standards; 

•

 Competitive pricing pressures; 

•

 Failure to receive anticipated orders in time to permit shipment during the quarter; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 Timing and cancellation of customer orders and shipments, including deferring orders of our existing products due to new product announcements by us and/or our
competitors; 

•

 Building our systems according to forecast, instead of limited backlog information, which hinders our ability to plan production and inventory levels;

•

 The effect of revenue recognized upon acceptance with little or no associated costs; 

•

 Bankruptcy of certain key customers; 

•

 Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 Fluctuation in warranty costs; 

•

 Variability in manufacturing yields; and 

•

 Ability to fund capital requirements. 

We have incurred and may in the future incur impairments to goodwill or long-lived assets. 

We review our long-lived assets,
including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. We recorded an impairment charge
of $99.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 to reduce the carrying value of goodwill within our Industrial Applications Group. Our fourth quarter impairment assessment indicated that the Semiconductor Group’s anticipated cash flows would
marginally cover the carrying value of the reporting unit, resulting in no impairment charges for this segment. As of December 31, 2008, the carrying amounts of goodwill on our Consolidated Balance Sheet subject to impairment are $108.4 million
and $17.7 million for the Semiconductor Group and Industrial Applications Group, respectively. 

Continued negative industry or economic trends, including
the lack of recovery in the market price of our common stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth in the Semiconductor Group or Industrial Applications Group could lead to
additional impairment charges of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where the fair value of the Company, as determined by our market capitalization, is
less than our book value, this too could indicate a potential impairment and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period. 

Our
valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. We operate in highly competitive environments and
projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from results. Additionally, if our analysis results in further impairment to our goodwill for the Semiconductor Group or Industrial Applications Group, we may be required
to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements during a period in which such impairment is determined to exist, which may negatively impact our results of operations. 

We face risks related to concentration of net sales. 

We sell to a limited number of customers, and we expect that sales to relatively few customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Although the composition of the group comprising our
largest customers varies from year to year, the loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders from a significant customer, including reductions due to customer departures from recent buying patterns, as well as economic or competitive
conditions in the semiconductor industry, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because products are configured to customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling may result in
significant non-recoverable costs. 

14 

Table of Contents

Rapid technological change in the semiconductor industry requires substantial research and
development expenditures and responsiveness to customer needs. 

We devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to R&D
programs, and we seek to maintain close relationships with our customers in order to remain responsive to their product and manufacturing process needs. Our success depends in part on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, to
develop innovative solutions and improve existing technologies, to win market acceptance of our new and advanced technologies and to manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our products and processes must address changing
customer needs in a range of materials, including copper and aluminum, at ever-smaller line widths and feature sizes, while maintaining our focus on manufacturing efficiency and product reliability. If we do not continue to gain market acceptance
for our new technologies and products, or develop and introduce improvements in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, or remain focused on R&D efforts that will translate into greater revenues, our
business could be seriously harmed. 

In the capital equipment market, technological innovations tend to have long development cycles. We have experienced
delays and technical and manufacturing difficulties from time to time in the introduction of certain of our products and product enhancements. In addition, we may experience delays and technical and manufacturing difficulties in future introductions
or volume production of our new systems or enhancements. The increased costs and reduced efficiencies that may be associated with the development, manufacture, sale and support of future products or product enhancements relative to our existing
products may adversely affect our operating results. 

Our success in developing, introducing and selling new and enhanced systems depends upon a variety of
factors, including product selection; hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering personnel; timely and efficient completion of product design and development; implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes;
achieving specified product performance in the field; and effective sales and marketing. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing new products, or in enhancing our existing products.
There can be no assurance that revenue from future products or product enhancements will be sufficient to recover our investments in R&D. To ensure the functionality and reliability of our future product introductions or product improvements, we
incur substantial R&D costs early in development cycles, before we can confirm the technical feasibility or commercial viability of a product or product improvement. If new products have reliability or quality problems, reduced orders, or higher
manufacturing costs, delays in collecting accounts receivable and additional service may result and warranty expenses may rise, affecting our gross margins. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

The competitive and capital-intensive nature of the semiconductor industry increases the difficulty of
maintaining gross margin and maintaining and capturing market share. 

We face substantial competition in the industry, from both potential new
market entrants and established competitors. Competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources, and greater ability to respond to pricing pressures than we do. They may also have broader product lines, ability to reduce
price through product bundling, greater experience with high-volume manufacturing, greater customer service capabilities, or larger and more established sales organizations and customer bases. To maintain or capture a position in the market, we must
develop new and enhanced systems and introduce them at competitive prices on a timely basis, while managing our R&D, product, and warranty costs. Semiconductor manufacturers incur substantial costs to install and integrate capital equipment into
their production lines. This increases the likelihood of continuing relationships with chosen equipment vendors, including our competitors, and the difficulty of penetrating new customer accounts. In addition, sales of our systems depend in
significant part upon a prospective customer’s decision to increase or expand manufacturing capacity — which typically involves a significant capital commitment. From time to time, we have experienced delays in finalizing system sales

15 

Table of Contents

following initial system qualification. Due to these and other factors, our systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle, during which we may expend
substantial funds and management effort. Heightened competition may also force price reductions that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are exposed to risks associated with outsourcing activities, which could result in supply shortages that could affect our ability to meet customer demands. 

We outsource the manufacture of most subassemblies, which enables us to focus on performing system design, assembly and testing in-house, thereby minimizing our fixed
costs and capital expenditures. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that third party providers will perform to our standards, our reliance on suppliers and subcontractors limits our control over quality assurance and delivery schedules.
Defects in workmanship, unacceptable yields, manufacturing disruptions and difficulties in obtaining export and import approvals may impair our ability to manage inventory and cause delays in shipments and cancellation of orders that may adversely
affect our relationships with current and prospective customers and enable competitors to penetrate our customer accounts. In addition, third party providers may prioritize capacity for larger competitors or increase prices to us, which may
adversely affect our profitability and our ability to respond to pricing pressures from competitors and customers. 

Our growth and ability to meet customer
demands depend in part on our ability to obtain from our suppliers timely deliveries of parts, components and subassemblies for the manufacture and support of our products. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that such parts are available
from multiple suppliers, certain key parts may be obtained only from a single source or from limited sources. These suppliers are in some cases thinly capitalized, independent companies who derive a significant amount of their business from us or
from a small group of companies in the semiconductor industry. As a result, our supply channels may be vulnerable to disruption. Any such disruption to or termination of our supplier relationships may result in a prolonged inability to secure
adequate supplies at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality, and may adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market and deliver them to customers in a timely manner. As a result, our revenues and operations may be adversely
affected. 

The loss of key employees could harm our business and operations. 

Our employees are extremely important to our success, and our key management, engineering and other employees may be difficult to replace. If we are unable to retain key
personnel, or to attract, assimilate and retain additional highly qualified employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and operations could be harmed. 

We are exposed to the risks of global operations. 

We serve an increasingly global market. Substantial
operations outside of the United States and export sales expose us to certain risks that may adversely affect our operating results and net sales, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Global or regional economic downturns; and 

•

 Adverse conditions in credit markets; 

•

 Potential adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax rates in
foreign countries where we conduct business; 

•

 Tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 Challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and providing prompt and effective field support to our customers outside of the United States;

16 

Table of Contents

•

 Difficulties in managing foreign distributors; 

•

 Governmental controls, either by the United States or other countries, that restrict our business overseas or the import or export of semiconductor products, or
increase the cost of our operations; 

•

 Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the United States; 

•

 Inadequate protection or enforcement of our intellectual property and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions; 

•

 Political instability, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism. 

We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge against the short-term impact of currency fluctuations, including forecasted sales transactions denominated in Japanese yen. There is no assurance
that our hedging program will be effective. Exchange rate volatility may also increase the cost of our exported products for international customers and inhibit demand. 

There can be no assurance that any of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, each region in the global equipment market
exhibits unique market characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment patterns to vary significantly from period to period. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from customers in Asia. Any negative economic developments,
legal or regulatory changes, terrorism in Asia or geo-political instability in Asia, including the possible outbreak of hostilities or epidemics involving Singapore, China, Taiwan, Korea or Japan, could result in the cancellation or delay by certain
significant customers of orders for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our continuing expansion in Asia renders us increasingly vulnerable to these risks. 

We also maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of property, casualty, and other risks. We place our insurance coverage with various carriers in
numerous jurisdictions. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk retention. The policies are subject to
deductibles and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. Losses not covered by insurance may be substantial and may increase our expenses, which could negatively impact our results of operations.

We face risks related to intellectual property. 

We intend to continue to seek legal protection, primarily through patents and trade secrets, for our proprietary technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly process, and there can be no assurance
that patents will be issued from any pending applications, or that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee that any patents we hold will not be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the patent rights granted will provide competitive advantages to us. Our competitors have developed and may continue to develop and obtain patents for technologies that are similar or superior to our
technologies. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we develop, manufacture or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

Adverse outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding patent and intellectual property rights could result in the loss of our intellectual property rights,
subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties on terms that may not be reasonable or favorable to us, prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products, or compel us to redesign our
products to avoid incorporating third parties’ intellectual property. As a result, our product offerings may be delayed, and we may be unable to meet customers’ requirements in a timely way. Regardless of the merit of any legal disputes,
we incur and may be required to incur in the future substantial costs to prosecute or defend our intellectual property rights. Even in the absence of 

17 

Table of Contents

infringement by our products of third parties’ intellectual property rights, we have elected in the past and may in the future elect to seek licenses or
enter into settlements to avoid the costs of protracted litigation and the diversion of resources and management attention. However, if the terms of settlements entered into with certain of our competitors are not observed or enforced, we may suffer
further costs. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our ability
to develop intellectual property depends on hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering staff with the knowledge and technical competence to advance our technology and productivity goals. To protect our trade secrets and
proprietary information generally, we have entered into confidentiality or invention assignment agreements with our employees, as well as with consultants and other parties. If these agreements are breached, our remedies may not be sufficient to
cover our losses. 

We are subject to litigation proceedings that could adversely affect our business. 

Intellectual Property Litigation 

We have received
certain claims of infringement of intellectual property rights and may receive other such claims in the future. In the future, such claims may evolve into legal proceedings or litigation against us. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome
of litigation, and there can be no assurance that we will prevail in any specific proceedings. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost to us, including diversion of the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and this could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to successfully defend against such claims, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop or license alternative
non-infringing technology or to obtain a license to the subject technology. There is no assurance that we will be successful with such development, or that a license will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we
could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Other Litigation 

In addition to the litigation
risks mentioned above, we are currently involved or may become subject to legal claims or proceedings related to securities, employment, customer or third party contracts, environmental regulations, product liability or other matters. If we are
required to defend against a legal claim or deem it necessary or advisable to initiate a legal proceeding to protect our rights, the expense and distraction of such a claim or proceeding, whether or not resolved in our favor, could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, if a claim or proceeding were resolved against us or if we were to settle any such dispute, we could be required to pay damages or refrain from certain activities,
which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are exposed to risks
associated with our diversification strategy. 

Our core business and expertise have historically been in the development, manufacture, sale and
support of deposition technologies, wafer surface preparation and chemical mechanical planarization technologies. We lack experience in the high-precision machine manufacturing equipment market serviced by our Industrial Applications Group segment,
compared with our knowledge of the semiconductor equipment industry, and cannot give any assurance that we can maintain or improve the quality of products, level of sales and gross margins, or relations with key employees and significant customers
or suppliers that are necessary to compete in this market. 

18 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third parties. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual relationships, including customers and lessors, with
respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third party claims that our products when
used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. We have been, and in the future may be, compelled to enter into or accrue for probable settlements
of alleged indemnification obligations or subject to potential liability arising from our customer’s involvements in legal disputes. It is difficult to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any indemnification obligations,
whether or not asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim. Our business, financial condition and results of operations in a
reported fiscal period could be materially adversely affected if we expend significant amounts in defending or settling any purported claims, regardless of their merit or outcomes. 

We face risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions. 

We have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions of or significant investments in businesses with complementary products, services and/or technologies.
Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of acquired companies; 

•

 Lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings; 

•

 Revenue and expense levels of acquired entities differing from those anticipated at the time of the acquisitions; 

•

 Difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations; 

•

 The potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies; 

•

 Claims by terminated employees, shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; 

•

 The issuance of dilutive securities, assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial portions of our cash;

•

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; and 

•

 The impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies.

When we make a decision to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty completing the transaction as a result of a range of
possible factors such as new or changed demands from the buyer. These circumstances may cause us to incur additional time or expense or to accept less favorable terms, which may adversely affect the overall benefits of the transaction. 

Acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions are inherently risky, and we cannot provide any assurance that our previous or future transactions will be
successful. The inability to effectively manage the risks associated with these transactions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

From time to time we may enhance, modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning and other key
software applications, which could cause unexpected problems to occur and could cause disruption to the management of our business. 

From time to
time, we may enhance, modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system used for our worldwide operations, as well as other key software applications used in our operations. Our ERP system is integral to our ability to accurately and
efficiently maintain our books and records, record our transactions, provide critical information to our management and prepare our financial statements. 

Enhancements may eventually become more costly, difficult and time-consuming to purchase and implement than we currently anticipate. We may encounter unexpected difficulties or costs or other challenges, any of which may disrupt our
business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Our existing systems, procedures or controls may not be adequate to support our operations and require us to change our internal business practices. Corrections and improvements may
be required as we enhance, modify or upgrade our systems, procedures and controls, and could cause us to incur additional costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal resources. If we fail to manage these
changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results. 

Compliance with current
and future environmental regulations may be costly. 

We may be subject to environmental and other regulations in certain states and countries where
we produce or sell our products. We also face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including the restrictions
on lead and certain other substances in electronics that apply to specified electronics products put on the market in the European Union (EU). The EU also makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection,
recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future covered products. Other countries, such as the United States, China and Japan, have enacted or may enact similar laws or regulations similar to the EU. These and other future environmental
regulations could require us to reengineer certain of our existing products.