Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in other documents we file with the SEC, are risks and
 uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from the results expressed or implied by the
 forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report.

 Rapid
 technological change in the semiconductor industry requires
 substantial research and development expenditures and
 responsiveness to customer needs.

 We devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial
 resources to research and development programs, and we seek to
 maintain close relationships with our customers in order to
 remain responsive to their product and manufacturing process
 needs. Our success depends in part on our ability to accurately
 predict evolving industry standards, to develop innovative
 solutions and improve existing technologies, to win market
 acceptance of our new and advanced technologies and to
 manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner.
 Our products and processes must address changing customer needs
 in a range of materials, including copper and aluminum, at
 ever-smaller line widths and feature sizes, while maintaining
 our focus on manufacturing efficiency and product reliability.
 If we do not continue to gain market acceptance for our new
 technologies and products, or develop and introduce improvements
 in a timely manner in response to

 10

Table of Contents

 changing market conditions or customer requirements, or remain
 focused on research and development efforts that will translate
 into greater revenues, our business could be seriously harmed.

 In the semiconductor capital equipment market, technological
 innovations tend to have long development cycles. We have
 experienced delays and technical and manufacturing difficulties
 from time to time in the introduction of certain of our products
 and product enhancements. In addition, we may experience delays
 and technical and manufacturing difficulties in future
 introductions or volume production of our new systems or
 enhancements. The increased costs and reduced efficiencies that
 may be associated with the development, manufacture, sale and
 support of future products or product enhancements relative to
 our existing products may adversely affect our operating results.

 Our success in developing, introducing and selling new and
 enhanced systems depends upon a variety of factors, including
 product selection; hiring, retaining and motivating highly
 qualified design and engineering personnel; timely and efficient
 completion of product design and development; implementation of
 manufacturing and assembly processes; achieving specified
 product performance in the field; and effective sales and
 marketing. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
 in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing new
 products, or in enhancing our existing products. There can be no
 assurance that revenue from future products or product
 enhancements will be sufficient to recover our investments in
 research and development. To ensure the functionality and
 reliability of our future product introductions or product
 improvements, we incur substantial research and development
 costs early in development cycles, before we can confirm the
 technical feasibility or commercial viability of a product or
 product improvement. If new products have reliability or quality
 problems, reduced orders, or higher manufacturing costs, delays
 in collecting accounts receivable and additional service may
 result and warranty expenses may rise, affecting our gross
 margins. Any of these events could materially and adversely
 affect our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 Cyclical
 downturns in the semiconductor industry negatively impact demand
 for our equipment.

 Our business depends predominantly on the capital expenditures
 of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on current
 and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and the
 products that use them. The semiconductor industry has
 historically been cyclical and has experienced periodic
 downturns that have had a material adverse effect on the demand
 for semiconductor processing equipment, including equipment that
 we manufacture and market. The rate of changes in demand is
 accelerating, rendering the global semiconductor industry
 increasingly volatile. During periods of reduced and declining
 demand, we must be able to quickly and effectively align our
 costs with prevailing market conditions, as well as motivate and
 retain key employees and maintain a stable management team. Our
 inventory levels during periods of reduced demand have at times
 been higher than optimal. We cannot provide any assurance that
 we will not be required to make inventory valuation adjustments
 in future periods. During periods of rapid growth, we must be
 able to acquire
 and/or
 develop sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet customer
 demand, and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified
 people. In the period from 2001 through 2006, we implemented
 restructuring plans to align our business with fluctuating
 conditions. Future restructuring plans may be required to
 respond to future changes. Net orders and net sales may be
 adversely affected if we fail to respond to changing industry
 cycles in a timely and effective manner. We experienced an
 increase in demand in the first quarter of 2006 through the
 third quarter of 2006 and a slight decrease in the fourth
 quarter of 2006. We cannot provide any assurance that this
 increase will be sustainable, and our net sales and operating
 results may be adversely affected if demand does not continue to
 grow and if downturns or slowdowns in the rate of capital
 investment in the semiconductor industry occur in the future.

 The
 competitive and capital-intensive nature of the semiconductor
 industry increases the difficulty of maintaining gross margin
 and maintaining and capturing market share.

 We face substantial competition in the industry, from both
 potential new market entrants and established competitors.
 Competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technical or
 other resources, and greater ability to respond to pricing
 pressures, than we do. They may also have broader product lines,
 greater customer service capabilities, or larger and more
 established sales organizations and customer bases. To

 11

Table of Contents

 maintain or capture a position in the market, we must develop
 new and enhanced systems and introduce them at competitive
 prices on a timely basis, while managing our research and
 development and warranty costs. Semiconductor equipment
 manufacturers incur substantial costs to install and integrate
 capital equipment into their production lines. This increases
 the likelihood of continuing relationships with chosen equipment
 vendors, including our competitors, and the difficulty of
 penetrating new customer accounts. In addition, sales of our
 systems depend in significant part upon a prospective
 customer’s decision to increase or expand manufacturing
 capacity — which typically involves a significant
 capital commitment. From time to time, we have experienced
 delays in finalizing system sales following initial system
 qualification. Due to these and other factors, our systems
 typically have a lengthy sales cycle, during which we may expend
 substantial funds and management effort. Heightened competition
 may also force price reductions that could adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with outsourcing activities, which
 could result in supply shortages that could affect our ability
 to meet customer demands.

 We outsource the manufacture of most subassemblies, which
 enables us to focus on performing system design, assembly and
 testing in-house, thereby minimizing our fixed costs and capital
 expenditures. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that
 third party providers will perform to our standards, our
 reliance on suppliers and subcontractors limits our control over
 quality assurance and delivery schedules. Defects in
 workmanship, unacceptable yields, manufacturing disruptions and
 difficulties in obtaining export and import approvals may impair
 our ability to manage inventory and cause delays in shipments
 and cancellation of orders that may adversely affect our
 relationships with current and prospective customers and enable
 competitors to penetrate our customer accounts. In addition,
 third party providers may prioritize capacity for larger
 competitors or increase prices to us, which will affect our
 ability to respond to pricing pressures from competitors and
 customers, and our profitability.

 Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part
 on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts, components
 and subassemblies for the manufacture and support of our
 products from our suppliers. Although we make reasonable efforts
 to ensure that such parts are available from multiple suppliers,
 certain key parts may only be obtained from a single source or
 from limited sources. These suppliers are in some cases thinly
 capitalized, independent companies who derive a significant
 amount of their business from us
 and/or a
 small group of other companies in the semiconductor industry.
 Our supply channels may be vulnerable to disruption. Any such
 disruption to or termination of our supplier relationships may
 result in a prolonged inability to secure adequate supplies at
 reasonable prices or of acceptable quality, and may adversely
 affect our ability to bring new products to market and deliver
 them to customers in a timely manner. As a result, our revenues
 and operations may be harmed.

 The
 loss of key employees could harm our business and
 operations.

 Our employees are extremely important to our success and our key
 management, engineering and other employees are difficult to
 replace. The expansion of high technology companies has
 increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. If we
 are unable to retain key personnel, or if we are not able to
 attract, assimilate and retain additional highly qualified
 employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and
 operations could be harmed.

 We
 face risks related to concentration of net sales.

 We currently sell a significant proportion of our systems in any
 particular period to a limited number of customers, and we
 expect that sales of our products to a relatively few customers
 will continue to account for a high percentage of our net sales
 in the foreseeable future. Although the composition of the group
 comprising our largest customers varies from year to year, the
 loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders from
 any significant customer, including reductions due to customer
 departures from recent buying patterns, as well as economic or
 competitive conditions in the semiconductor industry, could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 12

Table of Contents

 We are
 exposed to the risks of global operations.

 We serve an increasingly global market. Substantial operations
 outside of the United States and export sales expose us to
 certain risks that may adversely affect our operating results
 and net sales, including, but not limited to:

 • 

 Tariffs and other trade barriers;

 • 

 Challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and
 providing prompt and effective field support to our customers
 outside of the United States;

 • 

 Difficulties in managing foreign distributors;

 • 

 Potentially adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax
 rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and
 higher effective income tax rates in foreign countries where we
 conduct business;

 • 

 Governmental controls, either by the United States or other
 countries, that restrict our business overseas or the import or
 export of semiconductor products, or increase the cost of our
 operations;

 • 

 Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts
 receivable outside of the United States;

 • 

 Inadequate protection or enforcement of our intellectual
 property and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions;

 • 

 Global or regional economic downturns;

 • 

 Geo-political instability, natural disasters, acts of war or
 terrorism; and

 • 

 We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge
 against the short-term impact of currency fluctuations,
 specifically transactions denominated in Japanese yen, however,
 there is no assurance that our hedging program will be
 effective. Exchange rate volatility may also increase the cost
 of our exported products for international customers and inhibit
 demand.

 There can be no assurance that any of these factors will not
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations. In addition, each region in
 the global semiconductor equipment market exhibits unique market
 characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment
 patterns to vary significantly from period to period. We derive
 a substantial portion of our revenues from customers in Asia.
 Any negative economic developments or geo-political instability
 in Asia, including the possible outbreak of hostilities or
 epidemics involving China, Taiwan, Korea or Japan, could result
 in the cancellation or delay by certain significant customers of
 orders for our products, which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
 continuing expansion in Asia renders us increasingly vulnerable
 to these risks.

 We
 face risks related to intellectual property.

 We intend to continue to seek legal protection, primarily
 through patents and trade secrets, for our proprietary
 technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly
 process, and there can be no assurance that patents will be
 issued from any pending applications, or that any claims allowed
 from existing or pending patents will be sufficiently broad to
 protect our proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee
 that any patents we hold will not be challenged, invalidated or
 circumvented, or that the patent rights granted will provide
 competitive advantages to us. Our competitors have developed and
 may continue to develop and obtain patents for technologies that
 are similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the
 laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we develop, manufacture
 or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property
 rights to the same extent as do the laws of the
 United States.

 Adverse outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding
 patent and intellectual property rights could result in the loss
 of our intellectual property rights, subject us to significant
 liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from
 third parties on terms that may not be reasonable or favorable
 to us, prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products, or
 compel us to redesign our products to avoid incorporating third
 parties’ intellectual property. As a result, our product
 offerings may be delayed, and we may be unable to

 13

Table of Contents

 meet customers’ requirements in a timely way. Regardless of
 the merit of any legal disputes, we incur and may be required to
 incur in the future substantial costs to prosecute or defend our
 intellectual property rights. Even if there were no infringement
 by our products of third parties’ intellectual property
 rights, we have in the past and may in the future elect to seek
 licenses or enter into settlements to avoid the costs of
 protracted litigation and diversion of resources and management
 attention. However, if the terms of settlements entered into
 with certain of our competitors are not observed or enforced, we
 may suffer further costs. Any of these circumstances could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 or results of operations during any reported fiscal period.

 Our ability to develop intellectual property depends on hiring,
 retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering
 staff with the knowledge and technical competence to advance our
 technology and productivity goals. To protect our trade secrets
 and proprietary information generally, we have entered into
 confidentiality or invention assignment agreements with our
 employees, as well as consultants and other parties. If these
 agreements are breached, our remedies may not be sufficient to
 cover our losses.

 Changes
 in tax rates or liabilities could negatively impact our future
 results.

 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and other foreign
 countries. Our future tax rates could be affected by changes in
 the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax
 rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities, or changes in the tax laws. We are also subject to
 regular examination of our tax returns by the Internal Revenue
 Service (IRS) and other tax authorities. The IRS and other tax
 authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany
 transfer pricing with respect to sales of products, services,
 and the use of intangible assets. We could face significant
 future challenges on these transfer pricing issues in one or
 more jurisdictions. We regularly assess the likelihood of
 favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these
 examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for
 income taxes. Although we believe that our tax estimates are
 reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final
 determination will not be materially different from the
 treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and
 accruals. Factors that could cause estimates to be materially
 different include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 Changes in the regulatory environment;

 • 

 Changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; and

 • 

 Overall business conditions in the semiconductor equipment
 industry.

 We are
 subject to litigation proceedings that could adversely affect
 our business.

 Intellectual
 Property Litigation

 We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and may
 become involved in other such proceedings in the future. These
 proceedings may involve claims against us of infringement of
 intellectual property rights of third parties. It is inherently
 difficult to assess the outcome of litigation, and there can be
 no assurance that we will prevail in any specific proceedings.
 Any such litigation could result in substantial cost to us,
 including diversion of the efforts of our technical and
 management personnel, and this could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and operating
 results. If we are unable to successfully defend against such
 claims, we could be required to expend significant resources to
 develop or license alternative non-infringing technology or to
 obtain a license to the subject technology. There is no
 guarantee that we will be successful with such development, or
 that a license will be available on terms acceptable to us, if
 at all. Without such a license, we could be enjoined from future
 sales of the infringing product or products, which could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 Derivative
 Litigation

 We and certain of our current and former officers and directors
 have been named as defendants in two derivative lawsuits
 claiming violations of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended, in connection with our stock option administration
 practices. See Part I, Item 3 “Legal
 Proceedings” for a description of the claims brought
 against us. The outcome of legal proceedings of this kind is
 difficult to predict. Moreover, the

 14

Table of Contents

 complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages
 that the plaintiffs seek, and we are therefore unable to
 estimate the possible range of loss that we might incur should
 these lawsuits ultimately be resolved against us. We believe
 that the claims are without merit and that our stock option
 administrative practices do not require any material financial
 statement adjustment. Nevertheless, these lawsuits, if
 ultimately resolved against us, could seriously harm our
 business, financial condition and operating results. These
 matters, and any other derivative litigation in which we may
 become involved, could result in substantial costs to us and a
 diversion of our resources and the efforts of our management
 personnel, and this could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and operating results.

 Other
 Litigation

 In addition to the litigation risks mentioned above, we may
 become subject to legal claims or proceedings related to
 securities, employment, customer or third party contracts,
 environmental regulations, product liability or other matters.
 If we are required to defend against a legal claim or deem it
 necessary or advisable to initiate a legal proceeding to protect
 our rights, the expense and distraction of such a claim or
 proceeding, whether or not resolved in our favor, could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results. Further, if a claim or
 proceeding were resolved against us or if we were to settle any
 such dispute, we could be required to pay damages or refrain
 from certain activities, which could have a material adverse
 impact on our business, financial condition and operating
 results.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with our diversification
 strategy.

 Our core business and expertise has historically been in the
 development, manufacture, sale and support of deposition
 technologies, and more recently, wafer surface preparation and
 chemical mechanical planarization technologies. Our acquisitions
 of Peter Wolters and Voumard and the establishment of our
 Industrial Applications Group represent the first expansion of
 our business beyond the semiconductor equipment industry. We
 lack experience in the high-precision machine manufacturing
 equipment market, compared with our knowledge of the
 semiconductor equipment industry, and cannot give any assurance
 that we can maintain or improve the quality of products, level
 of sales, or relations with key employees and significant
 customers or suppliers that are necessary to compete in the
 market for high-precision machine manufacturing tools. Our
 efforts to integrate and develop the Industrial Applications
 Group may divert capital, management attention, research and
 development and other critical resources away from, and
 adversely affect our core business.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with our investment
 activities.

 Our ability to compete in the semiconductor manufacturing
 industry depends on our success in developing new and enhanced
 technologies that advance the productivity and innovation
 advantages of our products. To further these goals, we have
 formed the Novellus Development Company, a venture fund that
 enables us to invest in emerging technologies and strengthen our
 technology portfolio for both existing and potentially new
 market opportunities. Although the fund intends to make
 inquiries reasonably necessary to make an informed decision as
 to the companies and technologies in which it will invest, we
 cannot provide any assurance as to any future return on
 investment or ability to bring new technologies to market. There
 are risks inherent in investing in
 start-up
 companies, which may lack a stable management team, operating
 history or adequate cash flow. The securities in which the fund
 may invest may not be registered under the Securities Act of
 1933, as amended, or any applicable state securities laws, and
 may be subject to restrictions on marketability or
 transferability. Given the nature of the investments that may be
 contemplated by the fund, there is a significant risk that it
 will be unable to realize its investment objectives by sale or
 other disposition, or will otherwise be unable to identify or
 develop any commercially viable technology. In particular, these
 risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or
 prospects, management inexperience and lack of research and
 development resources of the companies in which investments are
 made, and evolving technological standards. Investments
 contemplated by the fund may divert management time and
 attention, as well as capital, away from our core operating
 business. Any future losses on investments attributable to the
 fund may materially and adversely impact our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 15

Table of Contents

 Corporate
 governance and financial reporting requirements have led and may
 continue to lead to increased costs and may make it more
 difficult to attract qualified executive officers and
 directors.

 To comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), as well as new rules subsequently
 implemented by the SEC and adopted by The Nasdaq Stock Market in
 response to Sarbanes-Oxley, we have made changes to our
 financial reporting, securities disclosure and corporate
 governance practices. In 2006 and 2005, we incurred increased
 legal and financial compliance costs due to these new and
 evolving rules, regulations, and listing requirements, and
 management time and resources were re-directed to ensure current
 and implement future compliance initiatives. These rules may
 make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
 executive officers and members of our Board of Directors,
 particularly to serve on our audit committee.

 We are
 exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third
 parties.

 From time to time, in the normal course of business, we
 indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual
 relationships, including customers and lessors with respect to
 certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to
 hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such
 as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants,
 other third party claims that our products when used for their
 intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of
 such other third parties or other claims made against certain
 parties. We have been, and in the future may be, compelled to
 enter into or accrue for probable settlements of alleged
 indemnification obligations or subject to potential liability
 arising from our customer’s involvements in legal disputes.
 It is difficult to determine the maximum potential amount of
 liability under any indemnification obligations, whether or not
 asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification
 claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to
 be involved in each particular claim. Our business, financial
 condition and results of operations in a reported fiscal period
 could be materially adversely affected if we expend significant
 amounts in defending or settling any purported claims,
 regardless of their merit or outcomes.

 We
 face risks related to changes in accounting standards for stock
 option plans.

 Beginning in the first fiscal quarter of 2006, we adopted
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 123 (revised
 2004), “Share-Based Payment” (SFAS 123R), which
 requires us to recognize compensation expense in our statement
 of operations for the fair value of stock options granted to our
 employees over the related vesting periods of the stock options.
 The requirement to expense stock options granted to employees
 reduces their attractiveness as a compensation vehicle because
 the expense associated with these grants results in compensation
 charges. In addition, the expenses recorded may not accurately
 reflect the value of our stock options because the option
 pricing models commonly used under SFAS 123R were not
 developed for use in valuing employee stock options and are
 based on highly subjective assumptions, including the
 option’s expected life and the price volatility of the
 underlying stock. Alternative compensation arrangements that can
 replace stock option programs may also negatively impact
 profitability. Stock options remain an important employee
 recruitment and retention tool, and we may not be able to
 attract and retain key personnel if we reduce the scope of our
 employee stock option programs. Our employees are critical to
 our ability to develop and design systems that advance our
 productivity and technology goals, increase our sales goals and
 provide support to customers. Accordingly, as a result of the
 requirements of SFAS 123R, our profitability has and can be
 expected to continue to be reduced compared to periods prior to
 adoption of the new standard.

 If our
 outside audit firm does not maintain its independence, we may be
 unable to meet our regulatory reporting
 obligations.

 Our independent registered public accounting firm communicates
 with us at least annually regarding any relationships between
 the firm and Novellus that, in the firm’s professional
 judgment, might have a bearing on the firm’s independence
 with respect to Novellus. If our independent registered public
 accounting firm finds that it cannot confirm that it is
 independent of Novellus based on existing securities laws and
 registered public accounting firm independence standards, we
 could experience delays or otherwise fail to meet our regulatory
 reporting obligations.

 16

Table of Contents

 We
 face risks associated with acquisitions.

 We have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions of or
 significant investments in businesses with complementary
 products, services
 and/or
 technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including,
 but not limited to:

 • 

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies,
 products and personnel of acquired companies;

 • 

 Lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies
 and cost-savings;

 • 

 Revenue and expense levels of acquired entities differing from
 those anticipated at the time of the acquisitions;

 • 

 Difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations;

 • 

 The potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic
 partners of acquired companies;

 • 

 Claims by terminated employees, shareholders of acquired
 companies or other third parties related to the transaction;

 • 

 The issuance of dilutive securities, assumption or incurrence of
 additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial
 portions of our cash;

 • 

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily
 operations of the business; and

 • 

 The impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of
 technological advancements, or
 worse-than-expected
 performance of acquired companies.

 Acquisitions are inherently risky, and we cannot provide any
 assurance that our previous or future acquisitions will be
 successful. The inability to effectively manage the risks
 associated with previous or future acquisitions could materially
 and adversely affect our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Our
 quarterly operating results and stock price are
 unpredictable.

 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience
 significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results,
 which may adversely affect our stock price. Our future quarterly
 operating results and stock price may not align with past
 trends. The factors that could lead to fluctuations in our
 results include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 Building our systems according to forecast, instead of limited
 backlog information, which hinders our ability to plan
 production and inventory levels;

 • 

 Unpredictability of demand for and variability of mix of our
 products in our forecast, which can cause unexpected positive or
 negative inventory adjustments in a particular period;

 • 

 Variability in manufacturing yields;

 • 

 Failure to receive anticipated orders in time to permit shipment
 during the quarter;

 • 

 Timing and cancellation of customer orders and shipments,
 including deferring orders of our existing products due to new
 product announcements by us
 and/or our
 competitors;

 • 

 Changing demand for and sales of lower-margin products relative
 to higher-margin products;

 • 

 Competitive pricing pressures;

 • 

 The effect of revenue recognized upon acceptance with little or
 no associated costs; and

 • 

 Fluctuation in warranty costs.

 Compliance
 with current and future environmental regulations may be
 costly.

 We may be subject to environmental and other regulations in
 certain states and countries where we produce or sell our
 products. We also face increasing complexity in our product
 design and procurement operations as we

 17

Table of Contents

 adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the
 materials composition of our products, including the
 restrictions on lead and certain other substances in electronics
 that apply to specified electronics products put on the market
 in the European Union after July 1, 2006 (Restriction of
 Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment
 Directive (EU RoHS)). The European Union has also finalized the
 Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (WEEE),
 which makes producers of electrical goods financially
 responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and
 disposal of past and future covered products. The deadline for
 enacting and implementing this directive by individual European
 Union governments was August 13, 2004, although extensions
 were granted in some countries. Producers became financially
 responsible under the national WEEE legislation beginning in
 August 2005. Other countries, such as the United States, China
 and Japan, have enacted or may enact laws or regulations similar
 to the EU RoHS or the WEEE Directive. These and other future
 environmental regulations could require us to reengineer certain
 of our existing products.