Set
forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC, are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and difficult
to predict. 

Our Semiconductor Group depends predominantly on the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn
depend on current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and the products that use them. Our business has historically been cyclical due to sudden changes in our customers’ manufacturing capacity requirements and capital
spending, which in turn are affected by factors such as capacity utilization, consumer demand for products, inventory levels and our customers’ access to capital. As a result, our business has experienced periodic downturns that reduced the
demand for semiconductor processing equipment, including equipment that we manufacture and market. The timing, length and severity of these business cycles are difficult to predict. During periods of reduced and declining demand, we must be able to
quickly and effectively align our costs with prevailing market conditions, and at the same time motivate and retain key employees including a stable management team. Downturns in the industry have, at times, resulted in higher than optimal inventory
levels and lower than optimal gross margins due to lower production volumes during these periods. Because of this volatility, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not be required to make inventory valuation adjustments in future periods.
Industry downturns have historically been followed by periods of rapid growth. During periods of rapid growth, we must be able to acquire or develop sufficient manufacturing capacity and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified people to
meet customer demand. Net orders, net sales and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to respond to changing industry and economic conditions in a timely and effective manner. 

We have experienced an increase in net orders in the last three quarters of 2009 following declines in net orders during each of the five preceding
quarters. Despite these recent increases, we could again experience decreases in net orders in the future, and if so, our net sales and operating results could be adversely affected. Over the past two years, we have implemented reductions in
workforce, consolidation of our manufacturing operations and other cost reduction actions to align our business with current industry and economic conditions. Future restructurings or other cost reduction actions may be required, which may have an
adverse impact on our results of operations and our ability to capitalize on opportunities in a market recovery. 

11 

Table of Contents

The ongoing weakness in the global economy and related tightness of the credit markets
has affected and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations and our liquidity. 

The tightening of the credit market,
turmoil in the financial markets and weakening in the global economy contributed to the downturn we experienced in 2008 and 2009. Continued economic uncertainty may lead to reduced consumer and business spending. Because our business is ultimately
driven by the global demand for electronic devices, the economic slowdown has caused our customers to delay or discontinue spending on our products. The tightening of credit markets and concerns regarding the availability of credit that accompanied
that downturn have also made it more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their purchases of capital equipment, including the products we sell. Furthermore, our customers have faced and may continue to
face liquidity issues, which could result in cancellations of equipment orders and increased risk of payment delays or defaults. Reduced demand for our products and the general unavailability of financing have adversely impacted our operating
results and may continue to do so if these difficult economic conditions persist. 

The severity of the current economic downturn also makes it
challenging for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and to identify the risks that may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. While we have seen recent signs of recovery, we cannot predict the
timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, subsequent recovery or the impact on the worldwide semiconductor industry. If the economy or the markets in which we operate do not continue at their present levels, we may record additional
charges related to restructuring costs, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The length of our sales cycle makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to changes in macroeconomic
conditions. While past downturns in our business have been followed by periods of rapid growth, that correlation may not occur in the future. 

A decline in the condition of the global financial market could adversely impact the market values or liquidity of our investments. Our investment portfolio includes corporate and government securities, auction rate securities, money market
funds and other types of debt securities. Although we believe our portfolio consists of sound investments, a decline in the capital and financial markets could adversely impact their market values and liquidity. As of December 31, 2009, we held
$78.8 million of auction-rate securities, net of $10.7 million in temporary impairment. Our auction rate securities are tax-exempt with underlying assets that are either student loans substantially backed by the federal government or closed-end
municipal funds. Due to the auction failures in 2008, we will not have access to these funds until (a) future auctions are successful, (b) the securities are called by the issuer, (c) we sell the securities in a secondary market, or
(d) the underlying notes mature and are repaid. Currently, there are no active secondary markets. If current market conditions do not improve, additional temporary and other-than-temporary impairment charges could occur in future periods which
would reduce the value of our investments and could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Changes in tax rates,
tax assets or liabilities have negatively impacted our results and may continue to negatively impact our future results. 

We are
subject to taxation in the United States and other countries. Our effective tax rate has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in composition of earnings in countries with
differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. For example, the California Budget Act of 2008, which was signed into law on February 20, 2009, resulted in a $20.2 million charge to
reduce our previously recognized California deferred tax assets in 2009. 

We are also subject to regular examination of our tax returns by the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities, including state revenue agencies and foreign governments. The IRS and other tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of
products and services and the use of intangible assets. We could face significant future challenges on these transfer pricing issues in one or more jurisdictions. 

12 

Table of Contents

We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from examinations by the
IRS and other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different from the
treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Due to certain years remaining open for examination, it is reasonably possible that the total unrecognized tax benefits could increase or decrease over the next twelve months
as we may be subject to either examination by tax authorities or a lapse in statute of limitations. Factors that could materially affect our future effective tax rates include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Changes in the regulatory environment; 

•

 Changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; 

•

 Overall business conditions in the equipment industry; 

•

 Changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction; and 

•

 The Company’s operating results before taxes. 

We have incurred and may in the future incur impairments to goodwill or long-lived assets. 

We review our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be
recoverable. We recorded an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2008 to reduce the carrying value of goodwill within our Industrial Applications Group (IAG) reporting unit. While the estimated fair value for this reporting unit exceeded our
book value in our annual impairment test for 2009, our impairment analysis for IAG is highly sensitive to slight changes to assumptions in our valuation model. Given the relatively low fair value of this reporting unit, we believe it is reasonably
possible that IAG could fail the first step in a future annual impairment test, which could result in additional impairment charges and negatively impact our results of operations. 

Continued negative industry or economic trends, including the lack of recovery in the market price of our common stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth
rates or lack of growth in the Semiconductor Group or IAG could lead to additional impairment charges of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where our fair
value, as determined by our market capitalization, is less than the book value of our assets, this could also indicate a potential impairment and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period, which would adversely affect our
results of operations. 

Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on
historical experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. We operate in highly competitive environments and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from results. Additionally, if
our analysis indicates potential impairment to our goodwill for the Semiconductor Group or IAG, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements, which may negatively impact our results of operations.

Our financial results have fallen short and may continue to fall short of anticipated levels; forecasting net sales and
profitability is complex and our financial results are difficult to forecast. 

Management typically provides quarterly financial
forecasts. These forecasts, when made, are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. However, actual results may vary and have varied in the past from forecasted results for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to,
unanticipated manufacturing costs,

13 

Table of Contents

changes in the economy or mix of products sold, unanticipated write-downs of inventory, and a higher than anticipated effective tax rate. Our lengthy sales cycle, coupled with the weakening in
the global economy, makes the timing of customer orders and product acceptances difficult to predict. In addition, our backlog at the beginning of a quarter typically does not include all orders required to achieve our sales objectives for that

quarter and is not a reliable indicator of our future sales. As a result, our revenues and operating results for a quarter depend on us
shipping orders as scheduled during that quarter, receiving customer acceptance during the quarter of previously shipped products, and obtaining new orders for products to be shipped in that same quarter. Any delay in, or cancellation of, scheduled
shipments and customer acceptances or in shipments from new orders could materially and adversely affect our financial results. These factors have caused and may continue to cause our financial results to differ materially from prior periods and
from financial forecasts we have previously provided. 

Although we believe that these forecasts provide investors and analysts with a better
understanding of management’s expectations for the future and are useful to our shareholders and potential shareholders, such forecasts are comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report
and in our other public filings and public statements. If our operating or financial results for a particular period differ from our forecasts or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we change our forecasts for future periods, the market
price of our common stock could decline. 

Our quarterly operating results and stock price are unpredictable. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, which may adversely
affect our stock price. Our future quarterly operating results and stock price may not align with past trends. The factors that have had and could continue to lead to fluctuations in our results include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industry generally and the equipment industry specifically; 

•

 The financial condition of our customers and their ability to purchase our products; 

•

 Timing and cancellation of customer orders and shipments, including deferring orders of our existing products due to new product announcements by us
and/or our competitors; 

•

 Failure to receive anticipated orders in time to permit shipment during the quarter; 

•

 Building our systems according to forecast, instead of limited backlog information, which hinders our ability to plan production and inventory levels;

•

 Competitive pricing pressures; 

•

 Intellectual property disputes; 

•

 The effect of revenue recognized upon acceptance with little or no associated costs; 

•

 Unpredictability of demand for and variability of mix of our products in our forecast, which can cause unexpected positive or negative inventory
adjustments in a particular period; 

•

 Variability in manufacturing yields; 

•

 Fluctuation in warranty costs; 

•

 Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 Emergence of new industry standards; and 

•

 Ability to fund capital requirements. 

In addition, the market price at which our common stock trades may be influenced by many factors, including: 

•

 Our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

•

 The depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock which can impact, among other things, the volatility of our stock price;

•

 Investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

•

 The level of research coverage of our common stock; 

•

 Changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by analysts; 

•

 General financial and other market conditions; and 

•

 Domestic and international economic conditions. 

Public stock markets have experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme price and trading volume volatility, particularly in the technology sectors of the market. This volatility has
significantly affected the market prices of securities of many technology companies for reasons partly or wholly unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. 

We face risks related to a highly concentrated customer base. 

Our customer base, especially in the semiconductor industry, has historically been highly concentrated and is becoming more so in the current economic
environment. Sales have come from a limited number of customers, and we expect that sales to a small number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Although the composition of the group
comprising our largest customers varies from year to year, the loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders from a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, as
we may not be able to replace the business from that customer. Because products are configured to customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant non-recoverable costs. 

Rapid technological change in the semiconductor industry requires substantial research and development expenditures and responsiveness
to customer needs. 

We operate in intensely competitive industries that experience rapid technological developments, changes in
industry standards, changes in customer requirements and frequent new product introductions and improvements. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these developments, we may lose our competitive position and our products or
technologies may become uncompetitive or obsolete. We devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to R&D programs, and we seek to maintain close relationships with our customers in order to remain responsive to their
product and manufacturing process needs. Our success depends in part on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, to develop innovative solutions and improve existing technologies, to win market acceptance of our new and
advanced technologies and to manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our products and processes must address changing customer needs in a range of materials, including copper and aluminum, at ever-smaller line widths and
feature sizes, while maintaining our focus on manufacturing efficiency and product reliability. If we do not

15 

Table of Contents

continue to gain market acceptance for our new technologies and products, or develop and introduce improvements in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer
requirements, or remain focused on R&D efforts that will translate into greater revenues, our business could be adversely impacted. 

In
the capital equipment market, technological innovations tend to have long development cycles. We have experienced delays, technical difficulties and manufacturing setbacks from time to time in the introduction of certain of our products and product
enhancements. We may experience similar delays, technical difficulties and manufacturing setbacks in future new product introductions or volume production of our new systems or enhancements. The increased costs and reduced efficiencies that may be
associated with the development, manufacture, sale and support of future products or product enhancements relative to our existing products may adversely affect our operating results. 

Our success in developing, introducing and selling new and enhanced systems depends upon a variety of factors, including product selection; hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and
engineering personnel; timely and efficient completion of product design and development; implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes; achieving specified product performance in the field; and effective sales and marketing. There can be
no assurance that we will be successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing new products, or in enhancing our existing products. There can be no assurance that revenue from future products or product enhancements will be sufficient
to recover our investments in R&D. To ensure the functionality and reliability of our future product introductions or product improvements, we incur substantial R&D costs early in development cycles, before we can confirm the technical
feasibility or commercial viability of a product or product improvement. If new products have reliability or quality problems, reduced orders, or higher manufacturing costs, delays in collecting accounts receivable and additional service may result
and warranty expenses may rise, affecting our gross margins. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The competitive and capital-intensive nature of the semiconductor industry increases the difficulty of maintaining gross margin and
maintaining and capturing market share. 

We face substantial competition in the industry, from both potential new market entrants and
established competitors. Competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources, and greater ability to respond to pricing pressures than we do. They may also have broader product lines, the ability to reduce price through
product bundling, greater experience with high-volume manufacturing, greater customer service capabilities, or larger and more established sales organizations and customer bases. To maintain or capture a position in the market, we must develop new
and enhanced systems and introduce them at competitive prices on a timely basis, while managing our R&D, product, and warranty costs. Semiconductor manufacturers incur substantial costs to install and integrate capital equipment into their
production lines. This increases the likelihood of continuing relationships with chosen equipment vendors, including our competitors, and the difficulty of penetrating new customer accounts. In addition, sales of our systems depend in significant
part upon a prospective customer’s decision to increase or expand manufacturing capacity — which typically involves a significant capital commitment. From time to time, we have experienced delays in finalizing system sales following
initial system qualification. Due to these and other factors, our systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle, during which we may expend substantial funds and management effort. Heightened competition may also force price reductions that could
adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are exposed to risks associated with outsourcing activities, which could
result in supply shortages that could affect our ability to meet customer demands. 

We outsource the manufacture of most
subassemblies, which enables us to focus on performing system design, assembly and testing in-house, thereby minimizing our fixed costs and capital expenditures. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that third party providers will perform
to our standards, our reliance on suppliers and subcontractors limits our control over quality assurance and delivery schedules. Defects in workmanship, unacceptable yields, manufacturing disruptions and difficulties in obtaining export and import
approvals may

16 

Table of Contents

impair our ability to manage inventory and cause delays in shipments and cancellation of orders that may adversely affect our relationships with current and prospective customers and enable
competitors to penetrate our customer accounts. In addition, third party providers may prioritize capacity for larger competitors or increase prices to us, which may adversely affect our profitability and our ability to respond to pricing pressures
from competitors and customers. 

Our success and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain from our suppliers
timely deliveries of parts, components and subassemblies for the manufacture and support of our products. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that such parts are available from multiple suppliers, certain key parts may be obtained only
from a single source or from limited sources. These suppliers are in some cases thinly capitalized, independent companies who derive a significant amount of their business from us or from a small group of companies in the semiconductor industry. As
a result, our supply channels may be vulnerable to disruption. Any such disruption to or termination of our supplier relationships may result in a prolonged inability to secure adequate supplies at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality, and may
adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market and deliver them to customers in a timely manner. As a result, any disruption or termination of our supplier relationships may damage our customer relationships and our results of
operations may be adversely affected. 

We must attract, retain and motivate key employees and the failure to do so could
harm our business and operations. 

In order to compete, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and other key employees.
Hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, and sales representatives are critical to our business and the competition for experienced employees in the semiconductor industry can be fierce. To help attract, retain and motivate qualified
employees, we use stock-based compensation awards such as employee stock options and restricted stock awards. If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and operations
could be harmed. 

We are exposed to the risks of global operations. 

We serve an increasingly global market. Substantial operations outside of the United States and export sales expose us to certain risks that may adversely
affect our operating results and net sales, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Global or regional economic downturns; 

•

 Adverse conditions in credit markets; 

•

 Potential adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax
rates in foreign countries where we conduct business; 

•

 Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the United States; 

•

 Tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 Challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and providing prompt and effective field support to our customers outside of the United States;

•

 Difficulties in managing foreign distributors; 

•

 Governmental controls, either by the United States or other countries, that restrict our business overseas or the import or export of semiconductor
products, or increase the cost of our operations; 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 Inadequate protection or enforcement of our intellectual property and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions; and 

•

 Political instability, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism. 

We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge against the short-term impact of currency fluctuations, including forecasted sales transactions denominated in Japanese yen. Our hedging
programs reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Exchange rate volatility may also
increase the cost of our exported products for international customers and inhibit demand. 

There can be no assurance that any of these
factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, each region in the global equipment market exhibits unique market characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment
patterns to vary significantly from period to period. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from customers in Asia. Any negative economic developments, legal or regulatory changes, terrorism in Asia or geo-political instability in Asia,
including the possible outbreak of hostilities or epidemics involving Singapore, China, Taiwan, Korea or Japan, could result in the cancellation or delay by certain significant customers of orders for our products, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. Our continuing expansion in Asia renders us increasingly vulnerable to these risks. 

We are subject to increasingly strict environmental regulations. 

Our industry is
subject to increasingly strict environmental regulations that control and restrict the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage and disposal of certain chemicals, gases and other substances used or produced in the semiconductor
manufacturing process. Public attention on environmental controls has continued to increase. Changes in environmental regulations could require us to invest in potentially costly pollution control equipment or alter the way our products are made. In
addition, we use hazardous and other regulated materials that subject us to risks of strict liability for damages caused by accidental releases, regardless of fault. Any failure to control such materials adequately or to comply with regulatory
restrictions or contractual obligations could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. New climate change regulations could require us to change our manufacturing processes or obtain substitute materials that may cost
more or be less available for our manufacturing operations. In addition, new restrictions on carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emissions could result in significant costs for us. Greenhouse gas legislation has been introduced in the United
States legislature and we expect increased worldwide regulatory activity in the future. The cost of complying, or of failing to comply, with these and other climate change and emissions regulations could have an adverse effect on our business plans
and operating results. 

Additionally, we may be subject to environmental and other regulations in certain states and countries where we
produce or sell our products. We also face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including the restrictions on
lead and certain other substances in electronics that apply to specified electronics products put on the market in the European Union (EU). The EU also makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection, recycling,
treatment and disposal of past and future covered products. Other countries, such as the United States, China and Japan, have enacted or may enact similar laws or regulations similar to the EU. These and other future environmental regulations could
require us to reengineer certain of our existing products. 

18 

Table of Contents

We maintain a self-insurance program with respect to our property, casualty and other
risks and are exposed to excessive costs that may not be covered by our insurance plans. 

We generally maintain various types of
insurance policies which provide coverage only upon the occurrence of certain catastrophic losses. Losses not covered by insurance may be substantial and may increase our expenses, which could negatively impact our results of operations. We place
our insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary over time and by location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to strategic risk management.
The policies are subject to deductibles and exclusions that result in what we believe is an acceptable level of risk on a self-insurance basis. Additionally, the financial condition of our insurers’ may be negatively impacted by the recent
weakening in the global economy, which could adversely impact such insurers’ financial stability and, consequently, the insurance coverage they provide. 

We face risks related to intellectual property. 

We intend to continue to seek
legal protection, primarily through patents and trade secrets, for our proprietary technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly process, and there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from any pending applications, or
that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee that any patents we hold will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the patent
rights granted will provide competitive advantages to us. Our competitors have developed and may continue to develop and obtain patents for technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions
in which we develop, manufacture or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

Adverse outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding patent and intellectual property rights could result in the loss of our intellectual property rights, subject us to significant liabilities
to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties on terms that may not be reasonable or favorable to us, prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products, or compel us to redesign our products to avoid incorporating third
parties’ intellectual property. As a result, our product offerings may be delayed, and we may be unable to meet customers’ requirements in a timely manner. Regardless of the merit of any legal disputes, we incur and may be required to
incur in the future substantial costs to prosecute or defend our intellectual property rights. Even in the absence of infringement by our products of third parties’ intellectual property rights, we have elected in the past and may in the future
elect to seek licenses or enter into settlements to avoid the costs of protracted litigation and the diversion of resources and management attention. However, if the terms of settlements entered into with certain of our competitors are not observed
or enforced, we may suffer further costs. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our ability to develop intellectual property depends on hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering staff with the knowledge and technical competence to advance our technology
and productivity goals. To protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, generally we have entered into confidentiality or invention assignment agreements with our employees, as well as with consultants and other parties. If these
agreements are breached, our remedies may not be sufficient to cover our losses. 

We are subject to litigation
proceedings that could adversely affect our business. 

Intellectual Property Litigation 

We have received certain claims of infringement of intellectual property rights and may receive other such claims in the future. In the future, such claims
may evolve into legal proceedings or litigation against us. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of litigation, and there can be no assurance that we will prevail in any specific proceedings. Any such litigation could result in
substantial cost to us, including diversion of the efforts of our

19 

Table of Contents

technical and management personnel, and this could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to successfully defend against such claims,
we could be required to expend significant resources to develop or license alternative non-infringing technology or to obtain a license to the subject technology. There is no assurance that we will be successful with such development, or that a
license will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we could be prohibited from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

Linear Technology Corporation 

In March 2002, Linear Technology Corporation (Linear) filed a complaint against Novellus, among other parties, in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Santa Clara (the Superior
Court) seeking damages (including punitive damages), declaratory relief and injunctions for causes of action involving alleged breach of contract, fraud, unfair competition and breach of warranty. The Superior Court dismissed Linear’s claims
for fraud and unfair competition on October 5, 2004. The Court of Appeal for the Sixth Appellate District affirmed this dismissal on June 18, 2007. Trial on the remaining claims began on January 19, 2010, in the Superior Court and is
ongoing. Although we cannot at this time predict the ultimate outcome in this case or estimate a range of any such potential loss, we believe that the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or operating results. 

Other Litigation 

In addition to the litigation risks mentioned above, we are currently involved or may become subject to legal claims or proceedings related to securities,
employment, customer or third party contracts, environmental regulations, product liability or other matters. If we are required to defend against a legal claim or deem it necessary or advisable to initiate a legal proceeding to protect our rights,
the expense and distraction of such a claim or proceeding, whether or not resolved in our favor, could materially and adversely effect our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, if a claim or proceeding were resolved against
us or if we were to settle any such dispute, we could be required to pay damages or refrain from certain activities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are exposed to risks associated with our diversification strategy. 

Our core business and expertise have historically been in the development, manufacture, sale and support of deposition technologies and wafer surface
preparation. We lack experience in the high-precision machine manufacturing equipment market serviced by IAG, compared with our knowledge of the semiconductor equipment industry, and cannot give any assurance that we can maintain or improve the
quality of products, level of sales and gross margins, or relations with key employees and significant customers or suppliers that are necessary to compete in this market. 

We are exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third parties. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual relationships, including customers and
lessors, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third party claims that our
products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. We have been, and in the future may be, compelled to enter into or accrue for
probable settlements of alleged indemnification obligations or subject to potential liability arising from our customer’s involvements in legal disputes. It is difficult to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any
indemnification obligations, whether or not asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique

20 

Table of Contents

facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim. Our business, financial condition and results of operations in a reported fiscal period could be materially
adversely affected if we expend significant amounts in defending or settling any purported claims, regardless of their merit or outcomes. 

We face risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions. 

We have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions of or significant investments in businesses with complementary products, services and technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of acquired companies; 

•

 Lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings; 

•

 Difficulties entering new markets for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products; 

•

 Revenue and expense levels of acquired entities differing from those anticipated at the time of the acquisitions; 

•

 Difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations; 

•

 The potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies; 

•

 Claims by terminated employees, shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; 

•

 The issuance of securities dilutive to current shareholders, assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial
portions of our cash; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 The impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies; and

•

 The incurrence of unforeseen obligations or liabilities. 

When we make a decision to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty completing the transaction as a result of a range of possible factors such as new or changed demands from the buyer. These
circumstances may cause us to incur additional time or expense or to accept less favorable terms, which may adversely affect the overall benefits of the transaction. 

Acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions are inherently risky, and we cannot provide any assurance that our previous or future transactions will be successful. The inability to effectively
manage the risks associated with these transactions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

From time to time we may enhance, modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning and other key software applications, which could cause unexpected problems to occur and could cause disruption to
the management of our business. 

From time to time, we may enhance, modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system as
well as other key software applications used for our worldwide operations. Our ERP system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record our transactions, provide critical information to our
management, and prepare our financial statements. 

21 

Table of Contents

Enhancements may eventually become more costly, difficult and time-consuming to purchase and implement than
we currently anticipate. We may encounter unexpected difficulties or costs or other challenges, any of which may disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Our existing systems, procedures or controls may not be
adequate to support our operations and require us to change our internal business practices. Corrections and improvements may be required as we enhance, modify or upgrade our systems, procedures and controls, and could cause us to incur additional
costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal resources. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results.