Set forth
below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC, are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and difficult to predict.

Our Semiconductor Group depends predominantly on the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on
current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and the products that use them. Our business has historically been cyclical due to sudden changes in our customers’ manufacturing capacity requirements and capital spending, which
are affected by factors such as capacity utilization, consumer demand for products, inventory levels, and our customers’ access to capital. Our business has experienced periodic downturns that reduced the demand for semiconductor processing
equipment. The timing, length and severity of these business cycles are difficult to predict. The semiconductor industry and our operations are subject to fixed costs that are difficult to reduce in the short term. During periods of reduced and
declining demand, we must be able to quickly and effectively align our variable costs with prevailing market conditions, and at the same time motivate and retain key employees, including our management team. Downturns in the industry have, at times,
resulted in higher than optimal inventory levels and lower than optimal gross margins due to a decrease in demand and lower production volumes during these periods. Because of this volatility, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not be
required to make inventory valuation adjustments in future periods. Industry downturns have historically been followed by periods of rapid growth. During periods of rapid growth, we must be able to acquire or develop sufficient manufacturing
capacity and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified people to meet customer demand. Net orders, net sales and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to respond to changing industry and economic conditions in a
timely and effective manner. 

We experienced an increase in net orders during the last seven sequential quarters ending December 31, 2010
following declines in net orders during each of the five preceding quarters. Despite these recent increases, we could experience declines in net orders in the future, and if so, our net sales and operating results could be adversely affected. Over
the past several years, we have implemented reductions in workforce, consolidations of our manufacturing operations, and other cost reduction actions to align our business with then current industry and economic conditions. Future restructurings or
other cost reduction actions may be required, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our ability to capitalize on opportunities in a market recovery. 

11 

Table of Contents

Weakness in the global economy or tightening of the credit markets may adversely
affect our results of operations and our liquidity. 

The tightening of the credit markets, turmoil in the financial markets and
weakening in the global economy contributed to the downturn we experienced in 2008 and 2009. Because our business is ultimately driven by global demand for electronic devices, the economic slowdown caused our customers to delay or discontinue
spending on our products. The tightening of the credit markets and concerns regarding the availability of credit that accompanied that downturn also made it more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their
purchases of capital equipment, including the products we sell. Furthermore, our customers generally faced liquidity issues, which resulted in cancellations of equipment orders and increased payment delays or defaults. Reduced demand for our
products and the general unavailability of financing for our customers adversely affected our operating results during these periods. While our operating results have improved along with the improvement in the economy, there can be no assurance that
the economy and our operating results will continue to improve, that the economy will not experience another significant downturn, or that our operating results, financial condition, and business will not be adversely affected. 

Fluctuations and uncertainties with the economy also make it challenging for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and to
identify risks that may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. While recently the United States’ economy has generally improved, we cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of such recovery, any future economic
slowdowns, or the impact of economic conditions on the worldwide semiconductor industry. If the economy or the markets in which we operate do not continue to recover, we may record additional charges related to restructuring costs, which may have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The length of our sales cycle makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions. While past downturns in our business have
been followed by periods of rapid growth, that correlation may not occur in the future. 

A decline in the condition of the global financial
markets could also adversely affect the market values or liquidity of our investments. Our investment portfolio includes corporate and government securities, auction rate securities, money market funds and other types of debt securities. A decline
in the capital and financial markets could adversely affect their market values and liquidity. As of December 31, 2010, we held $68.6 million of auction-rate securities, net of $8.5 million in temporary impairment. Our auction rate securities
are tax-exempt, with underlying assets that are either student loans substantially backed by the federal government or closed-end municipal bond funds. Due to auction failures for these securities, we will not have access to these funds until
(i) future auctions are successful, (ii) the securities are called by the issuer, (iii) we sell the securities in a secondary market, or (iv) the underlying notes mature and are repaid. Currently, there are no active secondary
markets for these securities. If current market conditions do not improve, additional temporary and other-than-temporary impairment charges could occur in future periods which would reduce the value of our investments and could negatively affect our
results of operations. 

Our financial results have fallen short of anticipated levels in the past and may fall short in
the future. 

Our management typically provides quarterly financial forecasts. These forecasts, when made, are based on estimates
believed to be reasonable at the time. However, actual results may vary and have varied in the past from forecasted results for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, unanticipated manufacturing costs, changes in the economy or mix of
products sold, unanticipated write-downs of inventory, a higher than anticipated effective tax rate, and unexpected changes in the volume or timing of customer orders and product acceptances. Our lengthy sales cycles make the timing of customer
orders and product acceptances difficult to predict. In addition, our backlog at the beginning of a quarter typically does not include all orders required to achieve our sales objectives for that quarter and is not a reliable indicator of our future
sales. Our revenues and operating results for any given quarter depend on us shipping orders as scheduled during that quarter, receiving customer acceptances during the quarter of previously shipped products, and obtaining new orders for products to
be shipped in that same quarter. Any delay in, or cancellation of, scheduled shipments and customer acceptances 

12 

Table of Contents

or in shipments from new orders could materially and adversely affect our financial results. These factors have caused and may continue to cause our financial results to differ materially from
prior periods and from financial forecasts we have previously provided. 

Although we believe that these forecasts provide investors and
analysts with a better understanding of management’s expectations for the future and are useful to investors, such forecasts are comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our
other public filings and public statements. If our operating or financial results for a particular period differ from our forecasts or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we revise our forecasts, the market price of our common stock could
decline. 

Our quarterly operating results and stock price are unpredictable. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, which may adversely affect our
stock price. Our future quarterly operating results and stock price may not align with past trends. The factors that have caused and could continue to cause fluctuations in our operating results include, but are not limited to: 

•

 economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industry generally, and the semiconductor equipment industry specifically;

•

 the financial condition of our customers and their ability to purchase our products; 

•

 timing and cancellation of customer orders and shipments, including deferrals of orders of our existing products due to new product announcements by us
or our competitors; 

•

 failure to receive anticipated orders in time to permit shipment during the quarter; 

•

 our practice of building systems according to forecast, instead of limited backlog information, which hinders our ability to plan production and
inventory levels; 

•

 competitive pricing pressures; 

•

 effects of litigation or intellectual property disputes; 

•

 the effect of revenue recognized upon acceptance with little or no associated costs; 

•

 unpredictability of demand for and variability of the mix of our products in our forecast, which can cause unexpected positive or negative inventory
adjustments in a particular period; 

•

 variability in manufacturing yields; 

•

 fluctuations in warranty costs; 

•

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 emergence of new industry standards; 

•

 ability to fund capital requirements; and 

•

 unexpected changes in our operating results, which may result in increases to our compensation expense as we revise our estimates to the attainment
probability of performance-based awards. 

13 

Table of Contents

In addition, the market price at which our common stock trades may be influenced by many factors, including:

•

 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

•

 the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock which can affect, among other things, the volatility of our stock price;

•

 investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

•

 the level of analyst research and media coverage of our common stock; 

•

 changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by analysts; 

•

 general financial and other market conditions; and 

•

 domestic and international economic conditions. 

Public stock markets have experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme price and trading volume volatility, particularly in the technology sectors of the market. This volatility has
significantly affected the market prices of securities of many technology companies for reasons partly or wholly unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. 

We face risks related to a highly concentrated customer base. 

Our customer base, especially in the semiconductor industry, has historically been highly concentrated. Sales have historically come from a limited
number of customers, and we expect that sales to a small number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Although the composition of the group comprising our largest customers varies
from year to year, the loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders from a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, as we may not be able to replace the
business from that customer. Because products are configured to customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant non-recoverable costs. 

Strategic alliances may have negative effects on our business. 

Increasingly, semiconductor companies are entering into strategic alliances with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies. Often, one of the outcomes of
such an alliance is the definition of a particular tool set for a certain function or a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment. While this could work to our advantage if our equipment becomes the basis for the
function or process, it could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tool or equipment becomes the standard equipment for such function or process. Because semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and
integrate wafer processing equipment into a semiconductor production line, we believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that
specific production line application for an extended period of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell to a given customer if that customer is currently using a competitor’s equipment. Additionally, even if our equipment
was previously used by a customer, that equipment may be displaced in current and future applications by the tools standardized for use by the alliance. 

Similarly, our customers may team with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions
utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own manufacturing lines. These actions could adversely affect our market share and
financial results. 

14 

Table of Contents

Changes in tax rates, tax assets, and tax liabilities have negatively affected our
financial results in the past and could negatively affect our future results. 

We are subject to taxation in the United States and
other countries. Our effective tax rate has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of
deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. We compute the effective tax rate using forecasts of jurisdictional profits and losses. Changes in the jurisdictional mix of profits and losses may cause fluctuations in the effective tax
rate. Adverse changes in tax rates, our tax assets, and tax liabilities have negatively affected our financial results in the past and could negatively affect our results in the future. 

We are also subject to regular examination of our tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities, including state revenue agencies and foreign governments. The IRS and other
tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangible assets. We could face significant future challenges on these transfer pricing issues in one
or more jurisdictions. 

We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from examinations by the IRS and
other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment
reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Due to certain years remaining open for examination, it is reasonably possible that our total unrecognized tax benefits could decrease over the next twelve months if we are examined by
tax authorities and they make final determinations that are adverse to us, or if there is a lapse in the applicable statute of limitations that limits the use of such tax benefits. Factors that could materially affect our future effective tax rates
include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changes in the regulatory environment; 

•

 changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; 

•

 overall business conditions in the equipment industry; 

•

 changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction; and 

•

 our operating results before taxes. 

We face risks related to intellectual property. 

We intend to continue to seek
legal protection, primarily through patents and trade secrets, for our proprietary technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly process, and there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from any pending applications, or
that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee that any patents we hold will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the patent
rights granted will provide competitive advantages to us. Our competitors have developed and may continue to develop and obtain patents for technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions
in which we develop, manufacture or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

Adverse outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding patent and intellectual property rights could result in the loss of our intellectual property rights, subject us to significant liabilities
to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties on terms that may not be reasonable or favorable to us, prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products, or compel us to redesign our products to avoid incorporating third
parties’ intellectual property. As a result, our product offerings may be delayed, and we may be unable to meet customers’ requirements in a timely manner. Regardless of the merit of any legal disputes, we have incurred and may be

15 

Table of Contents

required to incur in the future substantial costs to prosecute or defend our intellectual property rights. Even in the absence of infringement by our products of third parties’ intellectual
property rights, we have elected in the past and may in the future elect to seek licenses or enter into settlements to avoid the costs of protracted litigation and the diversion of resources and management attention. However, if the terms of
settlements that we enter into are not observed or enforced, we may suffer further costs. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our ability to develop intellectual property depends on hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering staff with the knowledge
and technical competence to advance our technology and productivity goals. To protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, we have generally entered into confidentiality or invention assignment agreements with our employees, as well as
with consultants and other parties. If these agreements prove inadequate or are breached, our remedies may not be sufficient to cover our losses. 

We are subject to litigation proceedings that could adversely affect our business. 

Intellectual Property Litigation 

We have received certain claims of infringement of
intellectual property rights and may receive other such claims in the future. For example, we were served with a complaint on March 23, 2010 for an intellectual property claim seeking injunctive relief and unspecified damages. In the past,
claims of infringement of intellectual property rights have sometimes evolved into legal proceedings or litigation against us, and they may continue to do so in the future. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of litigation. Although we
believe we have meritorious defenses to these claims and that the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, there can be no assurances that we will prevail. Any
such litigation could result in substantial cost to us, including diversion of the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and this could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we are unable
to successfully defend against such claims, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop or license alternative non-infringing technology or to obtain a license to the subject technology. There is no assurance that we will be
successful with such development, or that a license will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we could be prohibited from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Other Litigation 

In addition to the litigation risks and proceedings mentioned above, we are currently involved or may become subject to legal claims or proceedings
related to securities, employment, customer or third party contracts, environmental regulations, product liability or other matters. If we are required to defend against a legal claim or deem it necessary or advisable to initiate a legal proceeding
to protect our rights, the expense and distraction of such a claim or proceeding, whether or not resolved in our favor, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, if a claim or proceeding
were resolved against us or if we were to settle any such dispute, we could be required to pay damages or refrain from certain activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

We have incurred and may in the future incur impairments to goodwill or long-lived assets. 

We review our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. We recorded an impairment charge in 2008 to reduce the carrying value of goodwill within our IAG reporting unit. There were no impairment charges
taken in 2010 or 2009 as the estimated fair value for this reporting unit exceeded its book value in our annual impairment tests. And, while the excess fair value over book value further increased in 2010 from 2009, our valuation model for IAG is
sensitive to small 

16 

Table of Contents

changes in estimates and assumptions given the relatively low fair value of this reporting unit. We believe it is reasonably possible that IAG could fail the first step in a future annual
impairment test, which could result in additional impairment charges and negatively affect our results of operations. 

Negative industry or
economic trends, including reduced market prices of our common stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth in either of our business segments, could lead to additional impairment
charges of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If in any period our stock price decreases to the point where our fair value, as determined by our market capitalization, is less than the book value of our assets,
this could also indicate a potential impairment and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance.
We operate in highly competitive environments and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our analysis indicates potential impairment to goodwill for one or both of our
business segments, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

Rapid technological change in the semiconductor industry requires substantial research and development expenditures and responsiveness to customer needs. 

We operate in intensely competitive industries that experience rapid technological developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer
requirements and frequent new product introductions and improvements. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these developments, we may lose our competitive position and our products or technologies may become uncompetitive or
obsolete. We devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to R&D programs and we seek to maintain close relationships with our customers in order to remain responsive to their product and manufacturing process needs. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, develop innovative solutions and improve existing technologies, win market acceptance of our new and advanced technologies, and manufacture our products in a
timely and cost-effective manner. Our products and processes must address changing customer needs in a range of materials, including copper and aluminum, at ever-smaller line widths and feature sizes, while maintaining our focus on manufacturing
efficiency and product reliability. If we do not continue to gain market acceptance for our new technologies and products, develop and introduce improvements in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions and customer requirements, or
remain focused on R&D efforts that will translate into greater revenues, our business could be adversely affected. 

In the capital
equipment market, technological innovations tend to have long development cycles. We have experienced delays, technical difficulties and manufacturing setbacks from time to time in the introduction of certain of our products and product
enhancements. We may experience similar delays, technical difficulties and manufacturing setbacks in future new product introductions or volume production of our new systems or enhancements. The increased costs and reduced efficiencies that may be
associated with the development, manufacture, sale and support of future products or product enhancements relative to our existing products may adversely affect our operating results. 

Our success in developing, introducing and selling new and enhanced systems depends upon a variety of factors, including product selection; hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and
engineering personnel; timely and efficient completion of product design and development; implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes; achieving specified product performance in the field; and effective sales and marketing. There can be
no assurance that we will be successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing new products, or in enhancing our existing products. There can be no assurance that revenue from future products or product enhancements will be sufficient
to recover our investments in R&D. To ensure the functionality and reliability of our future product introductions or product improvements, we incur substantial R&D costs early in 

17 

Table of Contents

development cycles before we can confirm the technological feasibility or commercial viability of a product or product improvement. Reliability or quality problems, reduced orders, or higher
manufacturing costs in new products may result in delays in collecting accounts receivable, and additional service costs and warranty expenses may rise, affecting our gross margins. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The competitive and capital-intensive nature of the
semiconductor industry increases the difficulty of maintaining gross margin and maintaining and capturing market share. 

We face
substantial competition in the industry from both potential new market entrants and established competitors. Competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources, and greater ability to respond to pricing pressures. They
may also have broader product lines, the ability to reduce prices through product bundling, greater experience with high-volume manufacturing, greater customer service capabilities, or larger and more established sales organizations and customer
bases. To maintain or capture a position in the market, we must develop new and enhanced systems and introduce them at competitive prices on a timely basis, while managing our R&D, product, and warranty costs. Semiconductor manufacturers incur
substantial costs to install and integrate capital equipment into their production lines. This increases the likelihood of continuing relationships with chosen equipment vendors, including our competitors, and the difficulty of penetrating new
customer accounts. In addition, sales of our systems depend in part upon a prospective customer’s decision to increase or expand manufacturing capacity which typically involves a significant capital commitment. From time to time, we have
experienced delays in finalizing system sales following initial system qualification. Due to these and other factors, our systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle, during which we may expend substantial funds and management effort. Heightened
competition may also force price reductions that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are exposed to
risks associated with outsourcing activities, which could result in supply shortages that could affect our ability to meet customer demands. 

We outsource the manufacture of most subassemblies, which enables us to focus on performing system design, assembly and testing in-house, thereby minimizing our fixed costs and capital expenditures.
Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that third party providers will perform to our standards, our reliance on suppliers and subcontractors limits our control over quality assurance and delivery schedules. Defects in workmanship,
unacceptable yields, manufacturing disruptions and difficulties in obtaining export and import approvals may impair our ability to manage inventory and cause delays in shipments and cancellation of orders that may adversely affect our relationships
with current and prospective customers and enable competitors to penetrate our customer accounts. In addition, third party providers may prioritize capacity for larger competitors or increase prices to us, which may adversely affect our
profitability and our ability to respond to pricing pressures from competitors and customers. 

Our success and ability to meet customer
demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts, components, and subassemblies from our suppliers to manufacture and support our products. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that such parts, components and
subassemblies are available from multiple suppliers, in certain cases they may be obtained only from a single source or from limited sources. These suppliers are in some cases thinly capitalized, independent companies who derive a significant amount
of their business from us or from a small group of companies in the semiconductor industry. As a result, our supply channels may be vulnerable to disruption. Any such disruption to or termination of our supplier relationships may result in a
prolonged inability to secure adequate supplies at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality, and may adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market and deliver them to customers in a timely manner. As a result, any disruption or
termination of our supplier relationships may damage our customer relationships and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

18 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to the risks of global operations. 

We serve an increasingly global market. Substantial operations outside of the United States and export sales expose us to certain risks that may
adversely affect our operating results and net sales, including, but not limited to: 

•

 global or regional economic downturns; 

•

 adverse conditions in credit markets; 

•

 potential adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax
rates in foreign countries where we conduct business; 

•

 inefficient and limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as large-scale outages or interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, or
telecommunications providers and supply chain interruptions; 

•

 longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the United States; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and providing prompt and effective field support to our customers outside of the United States;

•

 difficulties in managing foreign distributors; 

•

 governmental controls, either by the United States or other countries, that restrict our business overseas or the import or export of semiconductor
products or increase the cost of our operations; 

•

 inadequate protection or enforcement of our intellectual property and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions; and 

•

 political instability, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism. 

We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge against the short-term impact of currency fluctuations, including forecasted sales transactions denominated in Japanese yen. Our hedging
programs reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of currency exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Exchange rate volatility may also
increase the cost of our exported products for international customers and inhibit demand. 

There can be no assurance that any of these
factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, each region in the global equipment market exhibits unique market characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment
patterns to vary significantly from period to period. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from customers in Asia. Any negative economic developments, legal or regulatory changes, terrorism or geopolitical instability in Asia, including
the possible outbreak of hostilities or health-related epidemics involving Singapore, China, Taiwan, Korea or Japan, could result in the cancellation or delay by certain significant customers of orders for our products, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our continuing expansion in Asia renders us increasingly vulnerable to these risks. 

The threat of terrorism targeted at the regions of the world in which we do business increases the uncertainty in our markets. Any act of terrorism which
affects the economy or the semiconductor industry could adversely affect our business. Increased international political instability in various parts of the world, disruption in air transportation and further enhanced security measures as a result
of terrorist attacks may hinder our ability to do 

19 

Table of Contents

business and may increase our costs of operations. Such continuing instability could cause us to incur increased costs in transportation, make such transportation unreliable, increase our
insurance costs, and cause international currency markets to fluctuate. This instability could have the same effects on our suppliers and their ability to deliver their products timely. If international political instability continues or increases,
our business and results of operations could be harmed. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. 

We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facility. 

Both of our business segments each have one primary manufacturing facility. Our operations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including,
but not limited to natural disasters, work stoppages, facility malfunctions and terrorism. Such disruption at one or both of these facilities may cause delays in shipments of products to our customers which may result in cancellation of orders or
loss of customers and could adversely affect our business. 

We maintain a self-insurance program with respect to our
property, casualty and other risks and are exposed to excessive costs that may not be covered by our insurance plans. 

We generally
maintain various types of insurance policies which provide coverage only upon the occurrence of certain catastrophic losses. Losses not covered by insurance may be substantial and may increase our expenses, which could negatively affect our results
of operations. We place our insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary over time and by location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to
strategic risk management. The policies are subject to deductibles and exclusions that result in what we believe is an acceptable level of risk on a self-insurance basis. Additionally, the financial condition of our insurers may be negatively
affected by weakening in the global economy, which could adversely affect such insurers’ financial stability and, consequently, the insurance coverage they provide. 

We must attract, retain and motivate key employees and the failure to do so could harm our business and operations. 

In order to compete, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and other key employees. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, and sales representatives are critical to our
business and the competition for experienced employees in the semiconductor industry can be fierce. To help attract, retain and motivate qualified employees, we use stock-based compensation awards such as employee stock options and restricted stock
awards. These forms of compensation become less valuable if our stock price experiences a period of decline. If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and operations
could be harmed. 

We are subject to increasingly strict environmental regulations. 

Our industry is subject to increasingly strict environmental regulations that control and restrict the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage
and disposal of certain chemicals, gases and other substances used or produced in the semiconductor manufacturing process. Public attention to environmental controls has continued to increase. Changes in environmental regulations could require us to
invest in potentially costly pollution control equipment or alter the way our products are made. In addition, we use hazardous and other regulated materials that subject us to risks of strict liability for damages caused by accidental releases,
regardless of fault. Any failure to control such materials adequately or to comply with regulatory restrictions or contractual obligations could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. New climate change regulations
could require us to change our manufacturing processes or obtain substitute materials that may cost more or be less available for our manufacturing operations. In addition, new restrictions on carbon dioxide or other greenhouse

20 

Table of Contents

gas emissions could result in significant costs for us. Greenhouse gas legislation has been introduced in the United States legislature and we expect increased worldwide regulatory activity in
the future. The cost of complying, or of failing to comply, with these and other climate change and emissions regulations could have an adverse effect on our business plans and operating results. 

Additionally, we may be subject to environmental and other regulations in certain states and countries where we produce or sell our products. We also
face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other substances in
electronics that apply to specified electronics products put on the market in the European Union, or EU. The EU also makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and
future covered products. Other countries, such as the United States, China and Japan, have enacted or may enact similar laws or regulations similar to the EU. These and other future environmental regulations could require us to reengineer certain of
our existing products. 

We are exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third parties. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual relationships, including customers
and lessors, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third party claims that
our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. We have been, and in the future may be, compelled to enter into or accrue for
probable settlements of alleged indemnification obligations or become subject to potential liability arising from our customers’ involvements in legal disputes. It is difficult to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any
indemnification obligation, whether or not asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim. Our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we expend significant amounts in defending or settling any purported claims, regardless of their merit or outcomes. 

We are exposed to risks associated with our diversification strategy. 

Our core business and expertise have historically been in the development, manufacture, sale and support of deposition technologies and wafer surface
preparation. We lack experience in the high-precision machine manufacturing equipment market serviced by IAG, compared with our knowledge of the semiconductor equipment industry, and cannot give any assurance that we can maintain or improve the
quality of products, level of sales and gross margins, or relations with key employees and significant customers or suppliers that are necessary to compete in this market. 

We face risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions. 

We have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses with complementary products, services and
technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

•

 difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of acquired companies; 

•

 lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings; 

•

 difficulties entering new markets for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products; 

•

 revenue and expense levels of acquired entities differing from those anticipated at the time of the acquisitions; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations; 

•

 the potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies; 

•

 claims by terminated employees, shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; 

•

 the issuance of securities dilutive to current shareholders, assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial
portions of our cash; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 the impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies; and

•

 the incurrence of unforeseen obligations or liabilities. 

When we make a decision to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty completing the transaction as a result of a range of possible factors such as new or changed demands from the buyer. These
circumstances may cause us to incur additional time or expense or to accept less favorable terms, which may adversely affect the overall benefits of the transaction. 

Acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions are inherently risky, and we cannot provide any assurance that our previous or future transactions will be successful. The inability to effectively
manage the risks associated with these transactions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

From time to time we may enhance, modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning and other key software applications, which could cause unexpected problems to occur and could cause disruption to
the management of our business. 

Enhancements, modifications, and upgrades of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and other
key software applications are an essential part of the functioning of our business; however, such actions may become more costly, difficult, and time-consuming than we currently anticipate. Our ERP system is integral to our ability to accurately and
efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements, and upgrading the ERP system may expose us to unexpected difficulties or costs or other
challenges, any of which may disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Our existing systems, procedures or controls may not be adequate to support our operations and require us to change our internal business
practices. Corrections and improvements may be required as we enhance, modify or upgrade our systems, procedures and controls, and could cause us to incur additional costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal
resources. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results.