Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
 results to differ materially from the results contemplated by
 the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
 on

Form 10-K.

 Cyclical
 downturns in the semiconductor industry negatively impact demand
 for our equipment.

 Our business depends predominantly on the capital expenditures
 of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on current
 and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and the
 products that use them. The semiconductor industry has
 historically been cyclical and has experienced periodic
 downturns that have had a

 10

Table of Contents

 material adverse effect on the demand for semiconductor
 processing equipment, including equipment that we manufacture
 and market. The rate of changes in demand is accelerating,
 rendering the global semiconductor industry increasingly
 volatile. During periods of reduced and declining demand, we
 must be able to quickly and effectively align our costs with
 prevailing market conditions, as well as motivate and retain key
 employees and maintain a stable management team. Our inventory
 levels during periods of reduced demand have at times been
 higher than optimal. We cannot provide any assurance that we
 will not be required to make inventory valuation adjustments in
 future periods. During periods of rapid growth, we must be able
 to acquire
 and/or
 develop sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet customer
 demand, and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified
 people. In each of the years 2001 through 2005, we have
 implemented restructuring plans to align our business with
 fluctuating conditions. Future restructuring plans may be
 required to respond to future changes. Net orders and net sales
 may be adversely affected if we fail to respond to changing
 industry cycles in a timely and effective manner. We experienced
 a downturn in demand in the first quarter of 2005, with a slight
 increase in the second quarter of 2005, a decrease in the third
 quarter of 2005 and an increase in the fourth quarter of 2005.
 We cannot provide any assurance that this increase will be
 sustainable, and our net sales and operating results may be
 adversely affected if demand does not continue to grow and if
 downturns or slowdowns in the rate of capital investment in the
 semiconductor industry occur in the future.

 The
 competitive and capital-intensive nature of the semiconductor
 industry increases the difficulty of maintaining and capturing
 market share.

 We face substantial competition in the industry, from both
 potential new market entrants and established competitors.
 Competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technical or
 other resources, and greater ability to respond to pricing
 pressures, than we do. They may also have broader product lines,
 greater customer service capabilities, or larger and more
 established sales organizations and customer bases. To maintain
 or capture a position in the market, we must develop new and
 enhanced systems and introduce them at competitive prices on a
 timely basis, while managing our research and development and
 warranty costs. Semiconductor equipment manufacturers incur
 substantial costs to install and integrate capital equipment
 into their production lines. This increases the likelihood of
 continuing relationships with chosen equipment vendors,
 including our competitors, and the difficulty of penetrating new
 customer accounts. In addition, sales of our systems depend in
 significant part upon a prospective customer’s decision to
 increase or expand manufacturing capacity — which
 typically involves a significant capital commitment. From time
 to time, we have experienced delays in finalizing system sales
 following initial system qualification. Due to these and other
 factors, our systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle,
 during which we may expend substantial funds and management
 effort. Heightened competition may also force price reductions
 that could adversely affect our results of operations.

 Rapid
 technological change in the semiconductor industry requires
 substantial research and development expenditures and
 responsiveness to customer needs.

 We devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial
 resources to research and development programs, and we seek to
 maintain close relationships with our customers in order to
 remain responsive to their product and manufacturing process
 needs. Our success depends in part on our ability to accurately
 predict evolving industry standards, to develop innovative
 solutions and improve existing technologies, to win market
 acceptance of our new and advanced technologies and to
 manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner.
 Our products and processes must address changing customer needs
 in a range of materials, including copper and aluminium, at
 ever-smaller line widths and feature sizes, while maintaining
 our focus on manufacturing efficiency and product reliability.
 If we do not continue to gain market acceptance for our new
 technologies and products, or develop and introduce improvements
 in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or
 customer requirements, or remain focused on research and
 development efforts that will translate into greater revenues,
 our business could be seriously harmed.

 In the semiconductor capital equipment market, technological
 innovations tend to have long development cycles. We have
 experienced delays and technical and manufacturing difficulties
 from time to time in the introduction of certain of our products
 and product enhancements. In addition, we may experience delays
 and technical and manufacturing difficulties in future
 introductions or volume production of our new systems or

 11

Table of Contents

 enhancements. The increased costs and reduced efficiencies that
 may be associated with the development, manufacture, sale and
 support of future products or product enhancements relative to
 our existing products, may adversely affect our operating
 results.

 Our success in developing, introducing and selling new and
 enhanced systems depends upon a variety of factors, including
 product selection; hiring, retaining and motivating highly
 qualified design and engineering personnel; timely and efficient
 completion of product design and development; implementation of
 manufacturing and assembly processes; achieving specified
 product performance in the field; and effective sales and
 marketing. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
 in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing new
 products, or in enhancing our existing products. There can be no
 assurance that revenue from future products or product
 enhancements will be sufficient to recover our investments in
 research and development. To ensure the functionality and
 reliability of our future product introductions or product
 improvements, we incur substantial research and development
 costs early in development cycles, before we can confirm the
 technical feasibility or commercial viability of a product or
 product improvement. If new products have reliability or quality
 problems, reduced orders, or higher manufacturing costs, delays
 in collecting accounts receivable and additional service may
 result and warranty expenses may rise, affecting our gross
 margins. Any of these events could materially and adversely
 affect our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 We are
 exposed to the risks of global operations.

 We serve an increasingly global market. Substantial operations
 outside of the United States and export sales expose us to
 certain risks that may adversely affect our operating results
 and net sales, including, but not limited to:

 • 

 Tariffs and other trade barriers;

 • 

 Challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and
 providing prompt and effective field support to our customers
 outside of the United States;

 • 

 Difficulties in managing foreign distributors;

 • 

 Potentially adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax
 rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and
 higher effective income tax rates in foreign countries where we
 conduct business;

 • 

 Governmental controls, either by the United States or other
 countries, that restrict our business overseas or the import or
 export of semiconductor products, or increase the cost of our
 operations;

 • 

 Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts
 receivables outside of the United States;

 • 

 Inadequate protection or enforcement of our intellectual
 property and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions;

 • 

 Global or regional economic downturns;

 • 

 Geo-political instability, natural disasters, acts of war or
 terrorism; and

 • 

 Fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates,
 creating the need to enter into forward foreign exchange
 contracts to hedge against the short-term impact of currency
 fluctuations, specifically transactions denominated in Japanese
 yen. Exchange rate volatility may also increase the cost of our
 exported products for international customers and inhibit demand.

 There can be no assurance that any of these factors will not
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations. In addition, each region in
 the global semiconductor equipment market exhibits unique market
 characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment
 patterns to vary significantly from period to period. We derive
 a substantial portion of our revenues from customers in Asia.
 Any negative economic developments or geo-political instability
 in Asia, including the possible outbreak of hostilities or
 epidemics involving China, Taiwan, Korea or Japan, could result
 in the cancellation or delay by certain significant customers of
 orders for our products, which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
 continuing expansion in Asia renders us increasingly vulnerable
 to these risks.

 12

Table of Contents

 Our
 quarterly operating results and stock price are
 unpredictable.

 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience
 significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results,
 which may adversely affect our stock price. Our future quarterly
 operating results and stock price may not align with past
 trends. The factors that could lead to fluctuations in our
 results include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 Building our systems according to forecast, instead of limited
 backlog information, which hinders our ability to plan
 production and inventory levels;

 • 

 Variability in manufacturing yields;

 • 

 Failure to receive anticipated orders in time to permit shipment
 during the quarter;

 • 

 Timing and cancellation of customer orders and shipments,
 including deferring orders of our existing products due to new
 product announcements by us
 and/or our
 competitors;

 • 

 Changing demand for and sales of lower-margin products relative
 to higher-margin products;

 • 

 Competitive pricing pressures;

 • 

 The effect of revenue recognized upon acceptance with little or
 no associated costs; and

 • 

 Fluctuation in warranty costs.

 Changes
 in tax rates or liabilities could negatively impact our future
 results.

 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and other foreign
 countries. Our future tax rates could be affected by changes in
 the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax
 rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities, or changes in the tax laws. We are also subject to
 regular examination of our tax returns by the Internal Revenue
 Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the
 likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from
 these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision
 for income taxes. Although we believe that our tax estimates are
 reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final
 determination will not be materially different from the
 treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and
 accruals. Factors that could cause estimates to be materially
 different include, but are not limited to:

 • 

 Changes in the regulatory environment;

 • 

 Changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; and

 • 

 Overall business conditions in the semiconductor equipment
 industry.

 We
 face risks associated with acquisitions.

 We have made — and may in the future
 make — acquisitions of or significant investments
 in businesses with complementary products, services
 and/or
 technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including,
 but not limited to:

 • 

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies,
 products and personnel of acquired companies;

 • 

 Lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies
 and cost-savings;

 • 

 Revenue and expense levels of acquired entities differing from
 those anticipated at the time of the acquisitions;

 • 

 Difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations;

 • 

 The potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic
 partners of acquired companies;

 • 

 Claims by terminated employees, shareholders of acquired
 companies or other third parties related to the transaction;

 • 

 The issuance of dilutive securities, assumption or incurrence of
 additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial
 portions of our cash;

 • 

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily
 operations of the business; and

 • 

 The impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of
 technological advancements, or
 worse-than-expected
 performance of acquired companies.

 13

Table of Contents

 Acquisitions are inherently risky, and we cannot provide any
 assurance that our previous or future acquisitions will be
 successful. The inability to effectively manage the risks
 associated with previous or future acquisitions could materially
 and adversely affect our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with our diversification
 strategy.

 Our core business and expertise has historically been in the
 development, manufacture, sale and support of deposition
 technologies, and more recently, wafer surface preparation and
 chemical mechanical planarization technologies. Our acquisitions
 of Peter Wolters and Voumard and the establishment of our
 Industrial Applications Group represent the first expansion of
 our business beyond the semiconductor equipment industry. We
 lack experience in the high-precision machine manufacturing
 equipment market, compared with our knowledge of the
 semiconductor equipment industry, and cannot give any assurance
 that we can maintain or improve the quality of products, level
 of sales, or relations with significant employees, customers or
 suppliers, that are necessary to compete in the market for
 high-precision machine manufacturing tools. Our efforts to
 integrate and develop the Industrial Applications Group may
 divert capital, management attention, research and development
 and other critical resources away from, and adversely affect,
 our core business.

 We
 face risks related to concentration of net sales.

 We currently sell a significant proportion of our systems in any
 particular period to a limited number of customers, and we
 expect that sales of our products to a relatively few customers
 will continue to account for a high percentage of our net sales
 in the foreseeable future. Although the composition of the group
 comprising our largest customers varies from year to year, the
 loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders from
 any significant customer — including reductions
 due to customer departures from recent buying patterns, as well
 as economic or competitive conditions in the semiconductor
 industry — could materially and adversely affect
 our business, financial condition or results of operations.

 We
 face risks related to intellectual property.

 We intend to continue to seek legal protection, primarily
 through patents and trade secrets, for our proprietary
 technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly
 process, and there can be no assurance that patents will be
 issued from any pending applications, or that any claims allowed
 from existing or pending patents will be sufficiently broad to
 protect our proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee
 that any patents we hold will not be challenged, invalidated or
 circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide
 competitive advantages to us, given the speed with which
 technology becomes obsolete in the semiconductor industry. Our
 competitors may develop and obtain patents to technologies that
 are similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the
 laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we develop, manufacture
 or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property
 rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.

 Adverse outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding
 patent and intellectual property rights could result in the loss
 of our proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities
 to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third
 parties, or prevent us from manufacturing or selling our
 products. However, we are not aware of any significant claim of
 infringement by our products of any patent or proprietary rights
 of others. Regardless of the merit of any legal disputes, we
 incur substantial costs to prosecute or defend our intellectual
 property rights. In addition, if the terms of settlements
 entered into with certain of our competitors are not observed or
 enforced, we may suffer further costs. Any of these
 circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition or results of operations.

 Our ability to develop intellectual property depends on hiring,
 retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering
 staff with the knowledge and technical competence to advance our
 technology and productivity goals. To protect our trade secrets
 and proprietary information generally, we have entered into
 confidentiality or invention assignment agreements with our
 employees, as well as consultants and other parties. If these
 agreements are breached, our remedies may not be sufficient to
 cover our losses.

 14

Table of Contents

 The
 loss of key employees could harm our business and
 operations.

 Our employees are extremely important to our success and our key
 management, engineering and other employees are difficult to
 replace. The expansion of high technology companies has
 increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. If we
 are unable to retain key personnel, or if we are not able to
 attract, assimilate or retain additional highly qualified
 employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and
 operations could be harmed.

 Supply
 shortages could affect our ability to meet customer
 demands.

 Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part
 of on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts,
 components and sub-assemblies for the manufacture and support of
 our products from our suppliers. Although we make reasonable
 efforts to ensure that such parts are available from multiple
 suppliers, certain key parts may only be obtained from a single
 source or from limited sources. These suppliers are in some
 cases thinly capitalized, independent companies who derive a
 significant amount of their business from us
 and/or a
 small group of other companies in the semiconductor industry.
 Our supply channels may be vulnerable to disruption. Any such
 disruption to or termination of our supplier relationships may
 result in a prolonged inability to secure adequate supplies at
 reasonable prices or of acceptable quality, and may adversely
 effect our ability to bring new products to market and deliver
 them to customers in a timely manner. As a result, our revenues
 and operations may be harmed.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with outsourcing
 activities.

 We also outsource the manufacture of major subassemblies, which
 enables us to focus on performing system design, assembly and
 testing in-house, thereby minimizing our fixed costs and capital
 expenditures. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that
 third party providers will perform to our standards, our
 reliance on suppliers and subcontractors limits our control over
 quality assurance and delivery schedules. Defects in
 workmanship, unacceptable yields, manufacturing disruptions and
 difficulties in obtaining export and import approvals may impair
 our ability to manage inventory and cause delays in shipments
 and cancellation of orders that may adversely affect our
 relationships with current and prospective customers and enable
 competitors to penetrate our customer accounts. In addition,
 third party providers may prioritize capacity for larger
 competitors or increase prices to us, which will affect our
 ability to respond to pricing pressures from competitors and
 customers, and our profitability.

 If our
 outside audit firm does not maintain its
 “independence,” we may be unable to meet our
 regulatory reporting obligations.

 Our independent registered public accounting firm communicates
 with us at least annually regarding any relationships between
 the firm and Novellus that, in the firm’s professional
 judgment, might have a bearing on the firm’s independence
 with respect to Novellus.

 If our independent registered public accounting firm finds that
 it cannot confirm that it is independent of Novellus based on
 existing securities laws and registered public accounting firm
 independence standards, we could experience delays or otherwise
 fail to meet our regulatory reporting obligations.

 Corporate
 governance and financial reporting compliance requirements may
 lead to increased costs and difficulty in attracting qualified
 executive officers and directors.

 To comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002, as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC
 and adopted by NASDAQ in response to Sarbanes-Oxley, we have
 made changes to our financial reporting, securities disclosure
 and corporate governance practices. In 2005, we incurred
 increased legal and financial compliance costs due to these new
 and evolving rules, regulations, and listing requirements, and
 management time and resources were re-directed to ensure current
 and implement future compliance initiatives. These rules may
 make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
 executive officers and members of our Board of Directors,
 particularly to serve on our audit committee, as well as make it
 more costly to obtain liability insurance coverage for our
 officers and directors.

 15

Table of Contents

 We are
 exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third
 parties.

 From time to time, in the normal course of business, we
 indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual
 relationships, including customers, lessors, and parties to
 other transactions with us, with respect to certain matters. We
 have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third
 parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising
 from a breach of representations or covenants, other third party
 claims that our products when used for their intended purposes
 infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third
 parties or other claims made against certain parties. If our
 customers become involved in legal disputes in which they
 contend that we allegedly have indemnification obligations, we
 may be subject to potential liability. It is not possible to
 determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any
 indemnification obligations, whether or not asserted, due to our
 limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique
 facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each
 particular claim. Historically, payments made by us under these
 obligations have not been material.

 We
 face risks related to changes in accounting standards for stock
 option plans.

 Beginning in our first fiscal quarter of 2006,
 SFAS No. 123(R) requires us to recognize compensation
 expense in our statement of operations for the fair value of
 unvested employee stock options at the date of adoption and new
 stock options granted to our employees after the adoption date
 over the related vesting periods of the stock options. The
 requirement to expense stock options granted to employees
 reduces their attractiveness because the expense associated with
 these grants may result in future compensation charges. In
 addition, the expenses recorded may not accurately reflect the
 value of our stock options because the option pricing models
 required by SFAS No. 123(R) were not developed for use
 in valuing employee stock options and are based on highly
 subjective assumptions, including the option’s expected
 life and the price volatility of the underlying stock.
 Alternative compensation arrangements that can replace stock
 option programs may also negatively impact profitability. Stock
 options remain an important employee recruitment and retention
 tool, and we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel
 if we reduce the scope of our employee stock option program
 following the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R). Our
 employees are critical to our ability to develop and design
 systems that advance our productivity and technology goals,
 increase our sales goals and provide support to customers.
 Accordingly, as a result of the requirement under
 SFAS No. 123(R) to recognize the fair value of stock
 options as compensation expense, beginning in the first quarter
 of 2006, our future profitability can be expected to be reduced.

 We are
 exposed to risks associated with our investment
 activities.

 Our ability to compete in the semiconductor manufacturing
 industry depends on our success in developing new and enhanced
 technologies that advance the productivity and innovation
 advantages of our products. To further these goals, we have
 formed the Novellus Development Company, a venture fund that
 enables us to invest in emerging technologies and strengthen our
 technology portfolio for both existing and potentially new
 market opportunities. Although the fund intends to make
 enquiries reasonably necessary to make an informed decision as
 to the companies and technologies in which it will invest, we
 cannot provide any assurance as to any future return on
 investment or ability to bring new technologies to market. There
 are risks inherent in investing in
 start-up
 companies, which may lack a stable management team, operating
 history or adequate cash flow. The securities in which the fund
 may invest may not be registered under the Securities Act or any
 applicable state securities laws, and may be subject to
 restrictions on marketability or transferability. Given the
 nature of the investments that may be contemplated by the fund,
 there is a significant risk that it will be unable to realize
 its investment objectives by sale or other disposition, or will
 otherwise be unable to identify or develop any commercially
 viable technology. In particular, these risks could arise from
 changes in the financial condition or prospects, management
 inexperience and lack of research and development resources of
 the companies in which investments are made, and evolving
 technological standards. Investments contemplated by the fund
 may divert management time and attention, as well as capital,
 away from our core operating business. Any future losses on
 investments attributable to the fund may materially and
 adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating
 results.