You
should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report in evaluating the Company and its common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, results of
operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company’s common stock. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to the Company’s business, risks related to the
Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox and risks related to the Company’s common stock. 

Risks Related to the
Company’s Business 

A Decline in Customer Advertising Expenditures in the Company’s Newspaper and Other Businesses Could Cause
its Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company
derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on or in its newspapers, integrated marketing services and digital media properties. The Company and its affiliates also derive revenues from the sale of advertising on their cable channels
and pay-TV programming. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. National and local economic conditions, particularly in major metropolitan markets, affect the
levels of retail, national and classified newspaper advertising revenue. Changes in gross domestic product, consumer spending, auto sales, housing sales, unemployment rates and job creation all impact demand for advertising. A decline in the
economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the Company’s overall
advertising revenue. 

The Company’s ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for the
Company’s products, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers. For example, circulation levels for the Company’s newspapers, the number of visits to its websites and ratings points for its
cable channels are among the factors that are weighed by advertisers when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the Company as well as advertising rates. Newer technologies, including new streaming and downloading capabilities via
the Internet and other devices and technologies, as well as growing consumer engagement with new forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences,
resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. These technological developments may also cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to advertisers. In
addition, the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print
advertising. Consequently, the Company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption. A decrease in advertising expenditures by the Company’s
customers, reduced demand for the Company’s offerings or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and assets.

Advertising, Circulation and Audience Share May Continue to Decline as Consumers Migrate to Other Media Alternatives. 

The Company’s businesses face competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content delivery, and the Company
may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media alternatives. For example, advertising and circulation revenues in the Company’s News and Information Services segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the
newspaper industry, including declining newspaper buying by younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on the Internet for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. In recent years, Internet sites devoted to
recruitment, automobile sales and real estate services have become significant competitors of the Company’s newspapers and websites for classified advertising sales. In addition, due to innovations in content distribution platforms, consumers
are now 

17 

Table of Contents

more readily able to watch Internet-delivered content on television sets and mobile devices, in some cases also without charge, which could reduce consumer demand for the Company and its
affiliates’ television programming and pay-TV services and adversely affect both its subscription revenue and advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the Company. 

The Company Must Respond to New Technologies and Changes in Consumer Behavior in Order to Remain Competitive. 

Technology continues to evolve rapidly, leading to alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital content, including the
distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, digital distribution models for books and Internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading. These technological
advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior and have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. Content owners are increasingly delivering their content directly to consumers over the
Internet, often without charge, and innovations in distribution platforms have enabled consumers to view such Internet-delivered content on portable devices and televisions. Enhanced Internet capabilities and other new media may reduce the demand
for newspapers and television viewership, which could negatively affect the Company’s revenues. New digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the cost of producing and
distributing content on a wide scale, allowing additional digital content providers to compete with us, often at a lower cost. This trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the Company’s products disproportionately to
the costs associated with generating content. In addition, new digital distribution channels, such as the Internet and online retailers, may present both challenges and opportunities to the Company’s businesses, including its traditional book
publishing model, which could affect both sales volume and pricing. The Company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures in order to respond to these new technologies and changes in consumer behavior, and there is a risk that its
responses and strategies to remain competitive, including distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be adopted by consumers. The Company’s failure to protect and exploit the value of its content, while responding to and
developing new technologies, products and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences, could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses, asset values and results of operations.

No Assurance of Profitability of the Digital Education Business. 

Many of the newer lines of Amplify, the Company’s digital education business, are still under development. Accordingly,
Amplify’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as digital
education. These risks for Amplify include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. Amplify must, among other things, develop a customer base for its full range of offerings, including by utilizing the
existing customers associated with its data and assessment business, implement and successfully execute its business and marketing strategy, continue to develop and upgrade its software and content offerings, respond to competitive developments, and
attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, the results and growth of Amplify’s businesses are dependent on state educational funding, which may be adversely affected by changes in legislation, both at the federal and state
level, changes in the state procurement process and changes in the condition of the local, state or U.S. economy. Future changes in federal funding and the state and local tax base could create an unfavorable environment, leading to budget issues
that result in a decrease in educational funding and, in turn, adversely affect Amplify’s businesses. There can be no assurance that Amplify will be successful in addressing these risks or in achieving these goals, and the failure to do so
could have a material adverse effect on Amplify’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Since the 2010 acquisition of Wireless Generation, the former brand of Amplify’s data and analytics business, now Amplify Insight,
and the initiation of the development of the broader business initiatives of Amplify, the Company has invested cash of approximately $825 million cumulatively through June 30, 2014, which includes $380 million, net of cash acquired, for the
acquisition of Wireless Generation. Significant expenses associated with Amplify’s businesses include salaries, employee benefits and other routine overhead associated with product development. 

18 

Table of Contents

The Inability to Renew Sports Programming Rights Could Cause the Revenue of Certain of the Company’s
Australian Operating Businesses to Decline Significantly in any Given Period. 

The sports rights contracts between certain
of the Company’s Australian operating businesses, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have varying duration and renewal terms. As these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought;
however, third parties may outbid the current rights holders for the rights contracts. In addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. The
loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage offered by the Company and could adversely affect its revenues. Upon renewal, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports programming rights costs are
unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates. 

Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Have
an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Results of Operations. 

The Company has significant operations in a number of
foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in foreign currencies, primarily the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling. Since the Company’s financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in
foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the Company’s earnings, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its results of operations
in a given period or in specific markets.

Weak Domestic and Global Economic Conditions and Volatility and Disruption in the Financial
Markets May Adversely Affect the Company’s Business. 

The U.S. and global economies have in the recent past undergone
a period of economic uncertainty, which resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit markets, limited access to the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer
and business spending and lower consumer net worth. The resulting pressure on the labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the Company does business and had an adverse
effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, including advertising revenues. Any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the Company’s business, reduce its advertising and other
revenues and negatively impact the performance of its newspapers, books, television operations and other consumer products. In addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the
Company to obtain financing. These conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the Company does business to satisfy their obligations to the Company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. The
Company is particularly exposed to certain Australian business risks, including specific Australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of Australian assets. As a result, the
Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by negative developments in the Australian market. Although the Company believes that its capitalization, operating cash flow and current access to credit markets, including the
Company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global capital and credit markets will
not impair the Company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing. 

The Company May Make Strategic Acquisitions That Could Introduce Significant Risks and Uncertainties. 

In order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the Company may make strategic acquisitions that involve
significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving
strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) the risk of diverting the attention of the Company’s senior management from the Company’s
operations, (5) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (6) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses,
(7) potential future impairments of goodwill associated with 

19 

Table of Contents

the acquired business and (8) in some cases, increased regulation. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with the Company’s
existing business, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The Company
Does Not Have the Right to Manage Foxtel, Which Means It is Not Able to Cause Foxtel to Operate or Make Corporate Decisions in a Manner that is Favorable to the Company. 

The Company does not have the right to manage the business or affairs of Foxtel. While the Company’s rights include the right to appoint one-half of the board of directors of Foxtel, the Company is
not able to cause management or the board of directors to take any specific actions on its behalf, including with regards to declaring and paying dividends. 

The Company Faces Investigations Regarding Allegations of Voicemail Interception, Illegal Data Access and Inappropriate Payments to Public Officials and Other Related Matters and Related Civil
Lawsuits. 

U.K. and U.S. regulators and governmental authorities are conducting investigations relating to voicemail
interception, illegal data access and inappropriate payments to public officials at the Company’s former publication, The News of the World, and at 
The Sun, and related matters, which are referred to as the U.K. Newspaper Matters.
The investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) is directed at conduct that occurred within 21st Century Fox prior to the creation of the Company. Accordingly, 21st Century Fox has been and continues to be responsible for
responding to the DOJ investigation. The Company, together with 21st Century Fox, is cooperating with these investigations. 

Civil claims have also been brought against the Company with respect to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. The Company has admitted
liability in many civil cases and has settled a number of cases. The Company has also settled a number of claims through a private compensation scheme established by the Company under which parties could pursue claims against it. While additional
civil lawsuits may be filed, no additional civil claims may be brought under the compensation scheme after April 8, 2013. 

In connection with the Separation, the Company and 21st Century Fox agreed in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that 21st Century
Fox will indemnify the Company for payments made after the Distribution Date arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters as well as legal and professional fees and expenses paid in connection with the
criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees (i) who are not directors, officers or certain designated employees or (ii) with respect to civil matters, who are not co-defendants with the Company or 21st
Century Fox. In addition, violations of law may result in criminal fines or penalties for which the Company will not be indemnified by 21st Century Fox. 21st Century Fox’s indemnification obligations with respect to these matters will be
settled on an after-tax basis. 

From July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2014, the Company incurred aggregate fees, costs
and expenses related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters of $470 million, net of costs that have been or will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox, which includes $36 million paid to claimants for civil settlements. As of June 30, 2014, the
Company accrued $110 million, representing its best estimate of the liability for the claims that have been filed, as well as incurred but unpaid legal and professional fees. Certain liabilities recorded by the Company as of June 30, 2014
related to matters that will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox as described below. Amounts due from 21st Century Fox relating to indemnified costs were approximately $66 million as of June 30, 2014. 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate outcome or cost of the civil claims or criminal matters. It is possible that these
proceedings and any adverse resolution thereof, including any fines or other penalties associated with any plea, judgment or similar result for which the Company will not be indemnified, could damage its reputation, impair the Company’s ability
to conduct its business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 14 to the Financial Statements for additional information. 

20 

Table of Contents

The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment and Restructuring Charges. 

As a result of adverse developments in the Company’s industry and challenging economic and market conditions, the Company may
recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill and intangible assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the Company’s financial results. In accordance with GAAP,
the Company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads and distribution networks, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company also
continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the capital markets or the economy generally, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and
other long-lived assets, or require the Company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. Any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the
programming for which the Company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. Any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or
long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required. Any such charge could be material to the Company’s reported results of operations. The News and Information Services and Digital Education
segments have reporting units with goodwill that is at risk for future impairment. As of June 30, 2014, $1.7 billion of goodwill at these reporting units was at risk for future impairment because the fair values of the reporting units exceeded
their carrying values by less than 10%. The Company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.

The Company’s Business Could Be Adversely Impacted by Changes in Governmental Policy and Regulation. 

Various aspects of the Company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the
introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the Company’s products and services are produced or distributed (and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries) could have a negative impact on its
interests. 

For example, the Company’s Australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government
policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the Australian media industry or to Australian companies in general. This includes: 

•

 anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-TV providers such as Foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for
example, the Olympic Games and certain Australian Rules football and cricket matches) unless: 

–

 national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 12 weeks before the start of the event; 

–

 the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the Australian
population; or 

–

 the rights to televise are also held by one of Australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters; and 

•

 legislation such as the Broadcasting Services Act that regulates ownership interests and control of Australian media organizations. Such legislation
may have an impact on the Company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities. For example, current media diversity rules would prevent the Company from
exercising control of a commercial television broadcasting license, a commercial radio license and a newspaper in the same license area. 

In addition, the Company’s newspaper businesses in the U.K. are likely to be subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the Leveson inquiry
into the U.K. press, 

21 

Table of Contents

which was established by Prime Minister David Cameron in mid-2011. The inquiry was triggered by allegations of illegal voicemail interception at the Company’s former publication, The News
of the World. Lord Justice Leveson, Chairman of the Inquiry, concluded the first part of the inquiry and published a report in late November 2012 containing various recommendations for greater regulation and oversight of the U.K. press. In
response, the U.K. Government is taking steps to establish a regulatory framework to oversee a new U.K. press regulator. Separately, a majority of the U.K. press has proposed an alternative regulator, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, or
IPSO, which is expected to be operational by September 2014. IPSO will impose burdens on the print media in the U.K., including the Company’s newspaper businesses in the U.K., which may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of
media and may increase the costs of compliance. 

Newsprint Prices May Continue to Be Volatile and Difficult to Predict and Control.

Newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the Company’s newspaper publishing units. During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2014, the Company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 2.0% lower than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and the
consolidation of newsprint mills over the years has reduced the number of suppliers, which has led to increases in newsprint prices. Failure to maintain the Company’s current consumption levels, further supplier consolidation or the inability
to maintain the Company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers could adversely impact newsprint prices in the future. 

The Company Relies on Network and Information Systems and Other Technology Whose Failure or Misuse Could Cause a Disruption of Services or Improper
Disclosure of Personal Data or Confidential Information, Resulting in Increased Costs or Loss of Revenue. 

Network and
information systems and other technologies, including those related to the Company’s network management, are important to its business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses,
worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the Company’s services or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information. In recent years, there has been a rise
in the number of cyberattacks on companies’ network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise,
breach or interruption of the Company’s systems could result in a disruption of its operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption or
similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the Company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor information, the Company could also be subject to
liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by the Company and its vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing
these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is
costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. 

There Can Be No Assurance That the Company Will Have Access to the Capital Markets on Terms Acceptable to It. 

From time to time the Company may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Although the Company
believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the Company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the Company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the Company’s
access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms 

22 

Table of Contents

and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the Company’s financial performance, (2) the Company’s credit ratings or
absence of a credit rating, (3) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (4) the state of the economy. There can be no assurance, particularly as a company that currently has no credit rating, that the Company will continue to have
access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to it. 

Technological Developments May Increase the Threat of Content Piracy and Limit
the Company’s Ability to Protect Its Intellectual Property Rights. 

The Company seeks to limit the threat of content
piracy; however, policing unauthorized use of its products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent infringement by unauthorized third parties. Developments in
technology increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material. The Company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy, both individually and, in some
instances, together with industry associations. However, protection of the Company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. and abroad and the manner in which
those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the Company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the Company’s ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property
may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be successful in preventing
content piracy. 

The Company’s Business Relies on Certain Intellectual Property and Brands. 

The Company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and other proprietary rights, as well as
contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish and protect their intellectual property and brand names. The Company believes its proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its
competitive position. Any impairment of any such intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

In a variety of the Company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements.
If the Company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these
collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins. 

Risks Related to the Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox 

If the Separation,
Together with Certain Related Transactions, Were Ultimately Determined to be Taxable Transactions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes, then the Company, 21st Century Fox and Its Stockholders Could Be Subject to Significant Tax Liability, and the
Company may be Required to Indemnify 21st Century Fox for Tax-Related Liabilities Incurred by 21st Century Fox. 

In
connection with the Separation, 21st Century Fox received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock qualified as tax-free
under Sections 368 and 355 of the Code except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, 21st Century Fox received an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the Separation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, including the satisfaction of the requirements under Sections 368 and 355 of the Code not specifically addressed in the IRS private letter ruling. The opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax counsel is not binding on the IRS or the
courts, and there is no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. 

23 

Table of Contents

The private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and
certain representations from the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine
on audit that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated,
or that the distribution or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the Separation. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable,
the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and U.S. stockholders and certain non-U.S. stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, if the
internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st Century Fox would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares
of the Company’s common stock distributed to 21st Century Fox’s stockholders on the Distribution Date over 21st Century Fox’s tax basis in such shares. As described below, the Company may in certain circumstances be required to
indemnify 21st Century Fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing. 

Under the terms of the Tax Sharing and
Indemnification Agreement that the Company and 21st Century Fox entered into in connection with the Separation, the Company will, in certain circumstances, be responsible for all taxes, including interest and penalties, and tax-related liabilities
incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of actions taken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries after the Separation. Specifically, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined
to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken, or omitted to be taken, after the Separation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or
covenant made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, or (3) the Company or any of
its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the Company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of such
determination. 

The Company Could Be Liable for Income Taxes Owed by 21st Century Fox. 

Each member of the 21st Century Fox consolidated group, which, prior to the Separation, included 21st Century Fox, the Company and 21st
Century Fox’s other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group for periods prior to and including the Separation. Consequently, the Company could be
liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any member of 21st Century Fox’s consolidated group. The Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement requires 21st Century Fox to indemnify the Company for any such
liability. Disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the IRS in amounts that the Company cannot quantify. 

The Company
Might Not Be Able to Engage in Desirable Strategic Transactions and Equity Issuances Following the Separation Because of Certain Restrictions Relating to Requirements for Tax-Free Distributions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. 

The Company’s ability to engage in significant strategic transactions and equity issuances may be limited or restricted after the
Separation in order to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution by 21st Century Fox. Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result
in corporate level taxable gain to 21st Century Fox under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of shares of the Company’s stock is acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes
the distribution. 

To preserve the tax-free treatment to 21st Century Fox of the distribution and the internal transactions in
connection with the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement that the Company entered into with 21st Century Fox, the Company is prohibited from taking or

24 

Table of Contents

failing to take certain actions that may prevent the distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Further, for the two-year period following the
Separation, without obtaining the consent of 21st Century Fox, the Company may be prohibited from: 

•

 approving or allowing any transaction that results in a change in ownership of more than a specified percentage of the Company’s common stock,

•

 a merger, 

•

 a redemption of equity securities, 

•

 a sale or other disposition of certain businesses or a specified percentage of the Company’s assets, 

•

 an acquisition of a business or assets with equity securities to the extent one or more persons would acquire in excess of a specified percentage of
the Company’s common stock, or 

•

 amending the Company’s organizational documents or taking any other action through stockholder vote or otherwise that affects the relative
economic or voting rights of the Company’s outstanding stock. 

These restrictions may limit the
Company’s ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of its business. Moreover, the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement also provides that the Company is
responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox or any of its affiliates as a result of the failure of the distribution or the internal transactions to qualify for favorable treatment under the Code if such failure is
attributable to certain actions taken after the Separation by or in respect of the Company or any of its affiliates. 

The Separation and
Distribution Agreement May Restrict the Company From Acquiring or Owning Certain Types of Assets in the U.S. 

The Federal
Communications Commission (“FCC”) has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the ownership of radio and television broadcast stations, television broadcast networks and newspapers (the “Broadcast Ownership Rules”)
and place commercial restrictions on a cable network programmer in which a cable television operator holds an ownership interest (the “Program Access Rules”). Under the FCC’s rules for determining ownership of the media assets
described above, the Murdoch Family Trust’s ownership interest in both the Company and 21st Century Fox following the Separation would generally result in each company’s businesses and assets being attributable to the Murdoch Family Trust
for purposes of determining compliance with the Broadcast Ownership Rules and the Program Access Rules. Consequently, the Company’s future conduct, including its acquisition of any newspapers in the same local markets in which 21st Century Fox
owns or operates television stations or the Company’s acquisition of an ownership interest in a cable operator, may affect 21st Century Fox’s ability to own and operate its television stations or otherwise comply with the Broadcast
Ownership Rules, or may subject 21st Century Fox to the Program Access Rules. Therefore, the Company and 21st Century Fox agreed in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that if the Company acquires, after the Distribution Date, newspapers,
radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the U.S. and such acquisition would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business, then the Company will be required to take certain actions,
including divesting assets, in order to permit 21st Century Fox to hold its media interests and to comply with such rules. In addition, the Company will be prohibited from acquiring an interest in a multichannel video programming distributor,
including a cable television operator, if such acquisition would subject 21st Century Fox to the Program Access Rules to which it is not then subject. This agreement effectively limits the activities or strategic business alternatives available to
the Company if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the Broadcast Ownership Rules or Program Access Rules and would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business. 

The Indemnification Arrangements the Company Entered Into With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Require the Company to Divert
Cash to Satisfy Indemnification Obligations to 21st Century Fox. 

Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and
certain other related agreements, 21st Century Fox agreed to indemnify the Company for certain liabilities, and the Company agreed to indemnify 21st Century 

25 

Table of Contents

Fox for certain liabilities. As a result, the Company could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify 21st Century Fox and its affiliates against certain liabilities to the extent
such liabilities result from an action the Company or its affiliates take or from any breach of the Company or its affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Tax Sharing and
Indemnification Agreement or any other agreement the Company entered into in connection with the Separation. The diversion of cash that may occur if the Company is required to indemnify 21st Century Fox under these agreements could limit the
Company’s ability to grow its businesses or capitalize on acquisition opportunities. 

Certain Agreements That the Company Entered Into
With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Limit Its Ability to Take Certain Actions With Respect to the Civil U.K. Newspaper Matters. 

Under the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, in consideration for 21st Century Fox’s agreement to certain indemnification arrangements, the Company agreed that 21st Century Fox would
have the right to control the Company’s defense of civil claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. In exercising its rights to control the defense of the civil claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, 21st Century Fox may be guided
by interests that are different than or adverse to the Company’s interests and the interests of its stockholders and advocate strategies that the Company’s management would not otherwise adopt. Furthermore, if the Company fails to comply
with these control arrangements or does not consent to settlements with respect to such matters proposed by 21st Century Fox, the Company has agreed with 21st Century Fox that it will, at 21st Century Fox’s discretion, forego any
indemnification with regard to such or all of these matters. The Company’s inability to take actions with respect to these civil matters without 21st Century Fox’s consent or the Company’s adoption of strategies advocated by 21st
Century Fox could damage the Company’s reputation or impair the Company’s ability to conduct its business while the taking of any such action by the Company without 21st Century Fox’s consent in breach of the Company’s agreements
could increase its liability exposure with regard to such matters and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 14 to the Financial Statements for additional
information. 

The Company Has a Limited Operating History as an Independent, Publicly-Traded Company, and Its Historical Financial
Statements for Certain Reporting Periods Are Not Necessarily Representative of the Results It Would Have Achieved as an Independent, Publicly-Traded Company, Do Not Reflect Any Subsequent Changes in Its Cost Structure and May Not Be Reliable
Indicators of Its Future Results. 

The Company’s historical financial statements for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2013 and 2012 included in this Annual Report do not necessarily reflect the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition that it would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company during the periods presented
or those that it will achieve in the future. Prior to the Separation, the Company’s business was operated by 21st Century Fox as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. During those periods, 21st
Century Fox performed various corporate functions for the Company, including, but not limited to, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, legal, ethics and compliance program administration, investor and public relations, certain
governance functions (including internal audit) and external reporting. The Company’s historical financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2013 and 2012 reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 21st Century Fox for
these and similar functions. However, these allocations may be more or less than the comparable expenses that the Company would have incurred had it operated as an independent, publicly traded company during those periods. In addition, changes have
and may continue to occur in the Company’s cost structure, management, financing, business operations, personnel needs, tax and structure as a result of its operation as a public company separate from 21st Century Fox, including the incurrence
of costs for compliance with requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SEC regulations and NASDAQ and ASX listing rules and potential increased costs associated with reduced economies of scale. Prior to the Separation, the Company benefited from 21st
Century Fox’s operating diversity, size, purchasing power and access to capital for investments, and it may not continue to realize such benefits in the future. As a result, there is a risk that the Company may be more susceptible to market
fluctuations and other adverse events than it would have otherwise been while it was still a part of 21st Century Fox. Additionally, in connection with the Separation, the Company entered into certain transactions with 21st Century Fox that did not
exist prior to the Separation. 

26 

Table of Contents

Certain of the Company’s Directors and Officers May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest
Because of Their Equity Ownership in 21st Century Fox, and Certain of the Company’s Officers and Directors May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because They Also Serve as Officers and/or on the Board of Directors of 21st Century
Fox, Which May Result in the Diversion of Corporate Opportunities to 21st Century Fox. 

Certain of the Company’s
directors and executive officers own shares of 21st Century Fox’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. In addition, certain of the Company’s officers and
directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st Century Fox, including K. Rupert Murdoch, who serves as the Company’s Executive Chairman and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 21st Century Fox, and Gerson Zweifach, who
serves as the Company’s General Counsel and as Senior Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel of 21st Century Fox. This ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when
these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the Company and 21st Century Fox. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may
arise between the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the Separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of
certain matters. In addition to any other arrangements that the Company and 21st Century Fox may agree to implement, the Company and 21st Century Fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from
decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of
Incorporation acknowledges that the Company’s directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including K. Rupert Murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the
aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the Company and 21st Century Fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st Century Fox and certain
of its affiliates. The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the Company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist
because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation) to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. As 21st
Century Fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate opportunities in its certificate of incorporation, the provisions in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any
corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. 

Risks Related to the
Company’s Common Stock 

The Market Price of the Company’s Stock May Fluctuate Significantly 

The Company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. The market price of the Company’s common stock may
fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the Company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated
fluctuations in the Company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the Company’s business strategy; (4) the Company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies,
guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the Company’s business; (7) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers;
(8) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the Company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the
operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (12) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and
(13) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions. 

27 

Table of Contents

Certain Provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated
By-laws, Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, Separation and Distribution Agreement and Delaware Law, the Company’s Amended and Restated Stockholder Rights Agreement and the Ownership of the Company’s Common Stock by the Murdoch
Family Trust May Discourage Takeovers and the Concentration of Ownership Will Affect the Voting Results of Matters Submitted for Stockholder Approval. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in
control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock. In particular, the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws provide for, among other things: 

•

 a dual class common equity capital structure; 

•

 stockholders to remove directors only for cause; 

•

 a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting; 

•

 special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the
voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock; 

•

 the requirement that stockholders give the Company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the Board of Directors or to make stockholder
proposals at a stockholders’ meeting; 

•

 the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its
by-laws; 

•

 certain restrictions on the transfer of the Company’s shares; and 

•

 the Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, Preferred Stock and Series Common Stock with such terms as the Board of Directors may
determine. 

These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a
change in control of the Company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable. 

In addition, in connection with the Separation, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in June 2014. Pursuant to the amended and restated
stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the Company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the Company additional shares of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in the
event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding Class B Common Stock without approval of the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of
the Company’s Class B Common Stock immediately following the Separation. The stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the Company’s voting common stock without the approval of its Board of
Directors. The rights expire on June 18, 2015, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. 

Further, as a
result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the Murdoch Family Trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the Company’s outstanding Class A Common Stock and
approximately 38.4% of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of August 8, 2014, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the Murdoch Family Trust. K. Rupert Murdoch, however, disclaims
any beneficial ownership of these shares. Also, K. Rupert Murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and less than one percent of the Company’s
Class A Common Stock as of August 8, 2014. Thus, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and approximately 39.4% of the Company’s Class
B Common Stock as of August 8, 2014. This concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from 

28 

Table of Contents

making proposals involving an acquisition of the Company. Additionally, the ownership concentration of Class B Common Stock by the Murdoch Family Trust increases the likelihood that
proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the Murdoch Family Trust will be adopted and proposals that the Murdoch Family Trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also
supported by the other holders of Class B Common Stock. Furthermore, the adoption of the amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the Company’s Board of Directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential
stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the Company’s Class B Common Stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the Murdoch Family Trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.