You
should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating the Company and its common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business,
results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company’s common stock. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to the Company’s business, risks
related to the Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox and risks related to the Company’s common stock. 

Risks Related to
the Company’s Business 

A Decline in Customer Advertising Expenditures in the Company’s Newspaper and Other Businesses Could
Cause its Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company
derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising through its newspapers, integrated marketing services and digital media properties. The Company and its affiliates also derive revenues from the sale of advertising on their cable channels
and pay-TV programming. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. National and local economic conditions, particularly in major metropolitan markets, affect the
levels of retail, national and classified newspaper advertising revenue. Changes in gross domestic product, consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation all impact demand for advertising. A decline in the
economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the Company’s overall
advertising revenue. 

The Company’s ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for the
Company’s products and services, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers. For example, circulation levels for the Company’s newspapers and ratings points for its cable channels are among the
factors that are weighed by advertisers when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the Company as well as advertising rates. For the Company’s digital media properties, advertisers use various

17 

Table of Contents

metrics to evaluate demand such as the number of visits, number of users, user engagement and, for digital real estate services, the number and quality of leads provided. Demand for the
Company’s products and services depends in turn upon the Company’s ability to differentiate and distinguish those products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behaviors in a timely manner. For example,
the Company’s newspapers, cable channels and pay-TV programming must continue to provide high-quality content that is interesting and relevant to users in order to retain and grow their audiences. Similarly, the success of the Company’s
digital real estate services business depends in part on providing more comprehensive, current and accurate real estate listing data than its competitors, which the Company generally obtains through short-term arrangements with MLSs, real estate
brokers, real estate agents and other third parties that may not be renewed and/or may be terminated with limited or no notice. 

In addition, streaming and downloading capabilities via the Internet and other devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer
engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising.
New delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. These technological and other developments may also cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the
attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to advertisers. Furthermore, the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in
significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. Digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are also playing a
more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing pressure. Evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, such as viewability, could also adversely affect digital advertising revenues.
Consequently, the Company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption. A decrease in advertising expenditures by the Company’s customers, reduced
demand for the Company’s offerings or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and assets. 

The Company’s Businesses Face Significant Competition from Other Sources of News, Information and Entertainment Content. 

The Company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content, including
both traditional and new content providers. This competition has intensified as a result of the continued development of new digital and other technologies and platforms, and the Company may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media
alternatives. For example, advertising and circulation revenues in the Company’s News and Information Services segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry, including declining newspaper buying by
younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on the Internet for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. In recent years, Internet sites devoted to recruitment, automobile sales and real estate services have
become significant competitors of the Company’s newspapers and websites for classified advertising sales. In addition, due to innovations in content distribution platforms, consumers are now more readily able to watch Internet-delivered content
on television sets and mobile devices, in some cases also without charge, which could reduce consumer demand for the Company and its affiliates’ television programming and pay-TV services and adversely affect both its subscription revenue and
advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the Company. The Company’s ability to compete effectively depends on many factors both within and beyond its control, including audience acceptance of its high-quality
journalism, book titles, television programming and other products. If the Company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

18 

Table of Contents

The Company Must Respond to New Technologies and Changes in Consumer Behavior and Continue to Innovate
and Provide Useful Products in Order to Remain Competitive. 

Technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the resulting
changes in consumer behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render our products and services less valuable. For example, alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital
content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, digital distribution models for books and Internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading,
have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. Content owners are increasingly delivering their content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without charge, and innovations in
distribution platforms have enabled consumers to view such Internet-delivered content on portable devices and televisions. Enhanced Internet capabilities and other new media may reduce the demand for newspapers and television viewership, which could
negatively affect the Company’s revenues. 

New digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and
self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with us, often at a lower cost. This
trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the Company’s products disproportionately to the costs associated with generating content and result in relatively low barriers to entry for competing Internet-based products and
services. In addition, new digital distribution channels, such as the Internet and online retailers, may present both challenges and opportunities to the Company’s businesses, including its traditional book publishing model, which could affect
both sales volume and pricing. 

In order to succeed, the Company must continue to innovate to ensure that its products and
services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers. The Company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors, and changes in consumer
behavior, and there is a risk that its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be adopted by consumers. The Company’s failure to protect and exploit the value of
its content, while responding to and developing new technologies, products, services and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base to
decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses, asset values and results of operations. 

The Inability to Renew Sports Programming Rights Could Cause the Revenue of Certain of the Company’s Australian Operating Businesses to Decline
Significantly in any Given Period. 

The sports rights contracts between certain of the Company’s Australian operating
businesses, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have varying duration and renewal terms. As these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought; however, third parties may outbid the
current rights holders for the rights contracts. In addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. The loss of rights could impact the extent
of the sports coverage offered by the Company and could adversely affect its revenues. Upon renewal, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber
and carriage fees and advertising rates. 

Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Have an Adverse Effect on the
Company’s Results of Operations. 

The Company has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and
certain of its operations are conducted in foreign currencies, primarily the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling. Since the Company’s financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates
between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the Company’s earnings, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period or in
specific markets. 

19 

Table of Contents

Weak Domestic and Global Economic Conditions and Volatility and Disruption in the Financial and Other
Markets May Adversely Affect the Company’s Business. 

The U.S. and global economies have undergone economic
uncertainty in the past, which resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit markets, limited access to the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and
business spending, lower consumer net worth and a dramatic decline in the real estate market. The resulting pressure on the labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which
the Company does business and had an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, including advertising revenues. Any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the Company’s
business, reduce its advertising and other revenues and negatively impact the performance of its newspapers, books, digital real estate services business, television operations and other consumer products and services. In addition, further
volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the Company to obtain financing. These conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the Company does business to satisfy their
obligations to the Company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. The Company is particularly exposed to certain Australian business risks, including specific Australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer
preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of Australian assets. As a result, the Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by negative developments in the Australian market. Although the Company believes
that its capitalization, operating cash flow and current access to credit markets, including the Company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance
that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global capital and credit markets will not impair the Company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing. 

The Company Has Made and May Continue to Make Strategic Acquisitions That Introduce Significant Risks and Uncertainties. 

In order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the Company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These
risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other
anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) the risk of diverting the attention of the Company’s senior management from the Company’s operations, (5) the risks associated
with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (6) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (7) potential future impairments of
goodwill associated with the acquired business and (8) in some cases, increased regulation. 

If any acquired business
fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with the Company’s existing business, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and the Company may be required
to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets. 

The Company Does Not Have the Right to Manage Foxtel,
Which Means It is Not Able to Cause Foxtel to Operate or Make Corporate Decisions in a Manner that is Favorable to the Company. 

The Company does not have the right to manage the business or affairs of Foxtel. While the Company’s rights include the right to appoint one-half of the board of directors of Foxtel, the Company is
not able to cause management or the board of directors to take any specific actions on its behalf, including with regards to declaring and paying dividends. 

20 

Table of Contents

The Company Relies on Network and Information Systems and Other Technology Whose Failure or Misuse Could
Cause a Disruption of Services or Loss or Improper Disclosure of Personal Data, Business Information, Including Intellectual Property, or Other Confidential Information, Resulting in Increased Costs or Loss of Revenue. 

Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the Company’s network management, are important to
its business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or
other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error that may affect such systems, could result in disruption
of the Company’s services and/or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on
companies’ network and information systems, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. The Company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which
have been material to the Company to date. 

A significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the Company’s
systems could result in a disruption of its operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations, lawsuits, a loss of customers or revenues and other financial losses. If any such failure,
interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the Company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal, credit card, confidential and proprietary
information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the Company’s business, including its intellectual property, the Company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting
personal data and privacy. Efforts by the Company and its vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable
or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events could require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development and
maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. 

The Company Faces Investigations Regarding Allegations of Voicemail Interception, Illegal Data Access and Inappropriate Payments to Public Officials and Other Related Matters and Related Civil
Lawsuits. 

Governmental authorities in the U.K. are conducting investigations relating to voicemail interception, illegal
data access and inappropriate payments to public officials at the Company’s former publication, The News of the World, and at 
The Sun, and related matters, which are referred to as the U.K. Newspaper Matters. The Company is
cooperating with these investigations. Civil claims have also been brought against the Company with respect to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. The Company has admitted liability in many civil cases and has settled a number of cases. The Company has
also settled a number of claims through a private compensation scheme established by the Company under which parties could pursue claims against it. While additional civil lawsuits may be filed, no additional civil claims may be brought under the
compensation scheme after April 8, 2013. 

In connection with the Separation, the Company and 21st Century Fox agreed in
the Separation and Distribution Agreement that 21st Century Fox will indemnify the Company for payments made after the Distribution Date arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters as well as legal and
professional fees and expenses paid in connection with the criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees (1) who are not directors, officers or certain designated employees or (2) with respect to civil
matters, who are not co-defendants with the Company or 21st Century Fox. In addition, violations of law may result in criminal fines or penalties for which the Company will not be indemnified by 21st Century Fox. 21st Century Fox’s
indemnification obligations with respect to these matters will be settled on an after-tax basis. 

21 

Table of Contents

From July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2015, the Company incurred aggregate fees,
costs and expenses related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters of $520 million, net of costs that have been or will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox, which includes $39 million paid to claimants for civil settlements. As of June 30, 2015, the
Company accrued $125 million, representing its best estimate of the liability for the claims that have been filed, including liabilities associated with employment taxes, as well as incurred but unpaid legal and professional fees. Certain
liabilities recorded by the Company as of June 30, 2015 related to matters that will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox as described above. Amounts due from 21st Century Fox relating to indemnified costs were approximately $63 million as of
June 30, 2015. 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate outcome or cost of the civil claims or criminal matters.
It is possible that these proceedings and any adverse resolution thereof, including any fines or other penalties associated with any plea, judgment or similar result for which the Company will not be indemnified, could damage its reputation, impair
the Company’s ability to conduct its business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 14 to the Financial Statements for additional information. 

The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment and Restructuring Charges. 

As a result of adverse developments in the Company’s industry and challenging economic and market conditions, the Company may
recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill and intangible assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the Company’s financial results. When the Company
acquires a business, it records goodwill in an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, as of the acquisition date. The
Company’s management must regularly evaluate goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the Company’s cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows, the
carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the Company should recognize an impairment. In accordance with GAAP, the Company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets, including newspaper mastheads and distribution networks, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the capital markets or the
economy generally, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets, or require the Company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these
conditions. Any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the programming for which the Company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting
units. Any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required. Any such charge could be
material to the Company’s reported results of operations. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, as part of its long-range planning process the Company changed its strategy and related outlook with respect to its Amplify reporting unit, which
resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows. Consequently, the Company determined that the fair value of the Amplify reporting unit had declined below its carrying value and recorded an impairment charge of $371 million in the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2015. The Company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends. 

The Company’s Business Could Be Adversely Impacted by Changes in Governmental Policy and Regulation. 

Various aspects of the Company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the
introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the Company’s products and services are produced or distributed (and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries) could have a negative impact on its
interests. 

22 

Table of Contents

For example, the Company’s Australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by
changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the Australian media industry or to Australian companies in general. This includes: 

•

 anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-TV providers such as Foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for
example, the Olympic Games and certain Australian Rules football and cricket matches) unless: 

–

 national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 12 weeks before the start of the event; 

–

 the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the Australian
population; or 

–

 the rights to televise are also held by one of Australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters; and 

•

 other parts of the Broadcasting Services Act that regulate ownership interests and control of Australian media organizations. Such legislation may have
an impact on the Company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities. For example, current media diversity rules would prevent the Company from exercising
control of a commercial television broadcasting license, a commercial radio license and a newspaper in the same license area. 

In addition, the Company’s newspaper businesses in the U.K. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the Leveson inquiry into the U.K.
press, which was established by Prime Minister David Cameron in mid-2011. The inquiry was triggered by allegations of illegal voicemail interception at the Company’s former publication, The News of the World. Lord Justice Leveson,
Chairman of the Inquiry, concluded the first part of the inquiry and published a report in late November 2012 containing various recommendations for greater regulation and oversight of the U.K. press. The U.K. Government subsequently published a
Royal Charter on Self-Regulation of the Press which established a Recognition Panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press self-regulatory body. No such regulator has yet been approved by the Recognition Panel. However, a majority of
the U.K. press has established an alternative regulator, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, or IPSO, which began operating in September 2014. IPSO imposes burdens on the print media in the U.K., including the Company’s newspaper
businesses in the U.K., which may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of compliance. 

The Company’s business activities are also subject to laws and regulations governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which continue to evolve in light of
changes in information technology and analytics techniques that have implications for how such data is managed. See “Governmental Regulation—Data Privacy and Security” for more information. These laws and regulations could be costly
to comply with, subject the Company to claims and other remedies and limit or restrict aspects of the Company’s business, including, for example, by restricting the use of personal and profiling data to deliver targeted advertisements.

Adverse Results from Litigation or Other Proceedings Could Impact the Company’s Business Practices and Operating Results.

From time to time, the Company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental
authorities and administrative agencies. For example, certain competitors and customers of the Company’s NAM business have filed lawsuits against NAM alleging antitrust violations and seeking treble damages, injunctive relief and
attorneys’ fees. On June 18, 2015, class action certification was granted in the action brought by customers of the NAM business, and on July 2, 2015, NAM petitioned for leave to appeal,

23 

Table of Contents

which plaintiffs have opposed. The outcome of litigation or other proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings
could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations or financial condition as well as the Company’s ability to conduct its business as
it is presently being conducted. In addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the Company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. See Note 14 to
the Financial Statements for more information. 

Newsprint Prices May Continue to Be Volatile and Difficult to Predict and Control.

Newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the Company’s newspaper publishing units. During the three months ended
June 30, 2015, the Company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 13% lower than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and the
consolidation of newsprint mills over the years has reduced the number of suppliers, which has led to increases in newsprint prices. Failure to maintain the Company’s current consumption levels, further supplier consolidation or the inability
to maintain the Company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers could adversely impact newsprint prices in the future. 

The Company’s International Operations Expose it to Additional Risks that Could Adversely Affect its Business, Operating Results and Financial
Condition. 

In its fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, approximately 56% of the Company’s revenues were derived
outside the U.S., and the Company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including (1) issues related to managing international operations;
(2) economic uncertainty and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (4) complying with international laws and regulations, including foreign
ownership restrictions; (5) complying with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act; (6) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; and
(7) complying with local labor laws and regulations. Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the Company’s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the
Company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the Company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth
opportunities. 

There Can Be No Assurance That the Company Will Have Access to the Capital Markets on Terms Acceptable to It.

From time to time the Company may need or desire to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain
financing. Although the Company believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the Company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the Company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and
conditions, the Company’s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the Company’s financial performance,
(2) the Company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (3) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (4) the state of the economy. There can be no assurance, particularly as a company that currently has no credit
rating, that the Company will continue to have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to it. 

Technological Developments May
Increase the Threat of Content Piracy and Limit the Company’s Ability to Protect Its Intellectual Property Rights. 

The Company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy; however, policing unauthorized use of its products and services and related
intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent infringement by unauthorized third parties. Developments in technology increase the threat of

24 

Table of Contents

content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material. The Company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy, both individually
and, in some instances, together with industry associations. However, protection of the Company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. and abroad and the
manner in which those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the Company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the Company’s ability to generate revenue from its
intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be
successful in preventing content piracy. 

The Company’s Business Relies on Certain Intellectual Property and Brands. 

The Company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other proprietary rights, as well
as contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish and protect their intellectual property and brand names. The Company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights are
important to its continued success and its competitive position. However, the Company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights will be upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the Company against infringement claims by
third parties. Any failure by the Company to effectively protect its intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the Company may be contractually required to
indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims. 

No Assurance of Profitability of the
Digital Education Business. 

Some of the newer lines of Amplify, the Company’s digital education business, are still
under development. Accordingly, Amplify’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving
markets such as digital education. These risks for Amplify include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. Amplify must, among other things, develop a customer base for its full range of offerings, including
by utilizing the existing customers associated with its data and assessment business, implement and successfully execute its business and marketing strategy, continue to develop and upgrade its software and content offerings, respond to competitive
developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, the results and growth of Amplify’s businesses are dependent on state educational funding, which may be adversely affected by changes in legislation, both at the
federal and state level, changes in the state procurement process and changes in the condition of the local, state or U.S. economy. Future changes in federal funding and the state and local tax base could create an unfavorable environment, leading
to budget issues that result in a decrease in educational funding and, in turn, adversely affect Amplify’s businesses. There can be no assurance that Amplify will be successful in addressing these risks or in achieving these goals, and the
failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on Amplify’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s Relationship with NAR is an Important Part of its Digital Real Estate Services Business in the U.S. and this Business Could be
Harmed if it were to Lose the Benefits of this Relationship 

Move, the Company’s digital real
estate services business in the U.S., licenses the realtor.com®
 trademark and website address, as well as
the REALTOR
®
 trademark, from NAR pursuant to a trademark license agreement (the “NAR License”).
Move also operates the realtor.com
®
 website under an agreement with NAR that is perpetual in
duration. However, NAR may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. If the operating agreement with NAR is terminated, the NAR License would also terminate,
and Move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com
®
 website
to NAR and provide NAR with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. NAR would then be able to operate a realtor.com
®
 website, either by itself or with another third party. 

25 

Table of Contents

In addition to the contractual limitations and risks described above, any adverse
developments in Move’s business relationship with NAR as a result of existing or new areas of conflict or potential conflict between Move’s interests and NAR’s interests, changes in the real estate industry or other causes could also
adversely affect Move’s business, particularly as many of its customers and data providers are members of, have interests that are closely aligned with, or are otherwise influenced by, NAR. 

Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

In a variety of the Company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. If the Company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining
agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could
have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins. 

Risks Related to the
Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox 

If the Separation, Together with Certain Related Transactions, Were Ultimately
Determined to be Taxable Transactions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes, then the Company, 21st Century Fox and Its Stockholders Could Be Subject to Significant Tax Liability, and the Company may be Required to Indemnify 21st Century Fox for
Tax-Related Liabilities Incurred by 21st Century Fox. 

In connection with the Separation, 21st Century Fox received a
private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock qualified as tax-free under Sections 368 and 355 of the Code except for cash
received in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, 21st Century Fox received an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the Separation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the satisfaction of the requirements under
Sections 368 and 355 of the Code not specifically addressed in the IRS private letter ruling. The opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax counsel is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there is no assurance that the IRS or a court will not
take a contrary position. 

The private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain
representations from the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine on audit
that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that
the distribution or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, and U.S. stockholders and certain non-U.S. stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st Century
Fox would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the Company’s common stock distributed to 21st Century Fox’s stockholders on the
Distribution Date over 21st Century Fox’s tax basis in such shares. As described below, the Company may in certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st Century Fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing. 

Under the terms of the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement that the Company and 21st Century Fox entered into in connection with
the Separation, the Company will, in certain circumstances, be responsible for all taxes, including interest and penalties, and tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of actions taken by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries after the Separation. Specifically, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken,
or omitted to be taken, after the Separation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant 

26 

Table of Contents

made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the Tax Sharing and Indemnification
Agreement, or (3) the Company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the Company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities
incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of such determination. 

The Company Could Be Liable for Income Taxes Owed by 21st Century Fox.

Each member of the 21st Century Fox consolidated group, which, prior to the Separation, included 21st Century Fox, the
Company and 21st Century Fox’s other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group for periods prior to and including the Separation. Consequently,
the Company could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any member of 21st Century Fox’s consolidated group. The Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement requires 21st Century Fox to indemnify the
Company for any such liability. Disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the IRS in amounts that the Company cannot quantify. 

The Separation and Distribution Agreement May Restrict the Company From Acquiring or Owning Certain Types of Assets in the U.S. 

The Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the ownership of radio
and television broadcast stations, television broadcast networks and newspapers (the “Broadcast Ownership Rules”) and place commercial restrictions on a cable network programmer in which a cable television operator holds an ownership
interest (the “Program Access Rules”). Under the FCC’s rules for determining ownership of the media assets described above, the Murdoch Family Trust’s ownership interest in both the Company and 21st Century Fox following the
Separation would generally result in each company’s businesses and assets being attributable to the Murdoch Family Trust for purposes of determining compliance with the Broadcast Ownership Rules and the Program Access Rules. Consequently, the
Company’s future conduct, including its acquisition of any newspapers in the same local markets in which 21st Century Fox owns or operates television stations or the Company’s acquisition of an ownership interest in a cable operator, may
affect 21st Century Fox’s ability to own and operate its television stations or otherwise comply with the Broadcast Ownership Rules, or may subject 21st Century Fox to the Program Access Rules. Therefore, the Company and 21st Century Fox agreed
in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that if the Company acquires, after the Distribution Date, newspapers, radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the U.S. and such acquisition would impede or be
reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business, then the Company will be required to take certain actions, including divesting assets, in order to permit 21st Century Fox to hold its media interests and to comply with such rules. In
addition, the Company will be prohibited from acquiring an interest in a multichannel video programming distributor, including a cable television operator, if such acquisition would subject 21st Century Fox to the Program Access Rules to which it is
not then subject. This agreement effectively limits the activities or strategic business alternatives available to the Company if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the Broadcast Ownership Rules or Program Access Rules and
would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business. 

The Indemnification Arrangements the Company Entered Into
With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Require the Company to Divert Cash to Satisfy Indemnification Obligations to 21st Century Fox. 

Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other related agreements, 21st Century Fox agreed to indemnify the Company for certain liabilities, and the Company agreed to indemnify
21st Century Fox for certain liabilities. As a result, the Company could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify 21st Century Fox and its affiliates against certain liabilities to the extent such liabilities result from an action the
Company or its affiliates take or from any breach of the Company or its affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement or

27 

Table of Contents

any other agreement the Company entered into in connection with the Separation. The diversion of cash that may occur if the Company is required to indemnify 21st Century Fox under these
agreements could limit the Company’s ability to grow its businesses or capitalize on acquisition opportunities. 

Certain Agreements
That the Company Entered Into With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Limit Its Ability to Take Certain Actions With Respect to the Civil U.K. Newspaper Matters. 

Under the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, in consideration for 21st Century Fox’s agreement to certain
indemnification arrangements, the Company agreed that 21st Century Fox would have the right to control the Company’s defense of civil claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. In exercising its rights to control the defense of the civil
claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, 21st Century Fox may be guided by interests that are different than or adverse to the Company’s interests and the interests of its stockholders and advocate strategies that the Company’s
management would not otherwise adopt. Furthermore, if the Company fails to comply with these control arrangements or does not consent to settlements with respect to such matters proposed by 21st Century Fox, the Company has agreed with 21st Century
Fox that it will, at 21st Century Fox’s discretion, forego any indemnification with regard to such or all of these matters. The Company’s inability to take actions with respect to these civil matters without 21st Century Fox’s consent
or the Company’s adoption of strategies advocated by 21st Century Fox could damage the Company’s reputation or impair the Company’s ability to conduct its business while the taking of any such action by the Company without 21st
Century Fox’s consent in breach of the Company’s agreements could increase its liability exposure with regard to such matters and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings” and Note 14 to the Financial Statements for additional information. 

The Company Has a Limited Operating History as an
Independent, Publicly-Traded Company, and Its Historical Financial Statements for Certain Reporting Periods Are Not Necessarily Representative of the Results It Would Have Achieved as an Independent, Publicly-Traded Company, Do Not Reflect Any
Subsequent Changes in Its Cost Structure and May Not Be Reliable Indicators of Its Future Results. 

Certain of the
Company’s historical financial statements do not necessarily reflect the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition that it would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company during the applicable period or those that
it will achieve in the future. Prior to the Separation, the Company’s business was operated by 21st Century Fox as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. During those periods, 21st Century Fox
performed various corporate functions for the Company, including, but not limited to, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, legal, ethics and compliance program administration, investor and public relations, certain governance
functions (including internal audit) and external reporting. Certain of the Company’s historical financial statements reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 21st Century Fox for these and similar functions. However, these allocations
may be more or less than the comparable expenses that the Company would have incurred had it operated as an independent, publicly traded company during those periods. In addition, changes have occurred and may continue to occur in the Company’s
cost structure, management, financing, business operations, personnel needs, tax and structure as a result of its operation as a public company separate from 21st Century Fox, including the incurrence of costs for compliance with requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SEC regulations and NASDAQ and ASX listing rules and potential increased costs associated with reduced economies of scale. Prior to the Separation, the Company benefited from 21st Century Fox’s operating diversity, size,
purchasing power and access to capital for investments, and it may not continue to realize such benefits in the future. As a result, there is a risk that the Company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than it
would have otherwise been while it was still a part of 21st Century Fox. Additionally, in connection with the Separation, the Company entered into certain transactions with 21st Century Fox that did not exist prior to the Separation. 

28 

Table of Contents

Certain of the Company’s Directors and Officers May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest
Because of Their Equity Ownership in 21st Century Fox, and Certain of the Company’s Officers and Directors May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because They Also Serve as Officers and/or on the Board of Directors of 21st Century
Fox, Which May Result in the Diversion of Corporate Opportunities to 21st Century Fox. 

Certain of the Company’s
directors and executive officers own shares of 21st Century Fox’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. In addition, certain of the Company’s officers and
directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st Century Fox, including K. Rupert Murdoch, who serves as the Company’s Executive Chairman and Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox, and Lachlan K. Murdoch, who serves as the
Company’s Co-Chairman and Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox. This ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that
could have different implications for the Company and 21st Century Fox. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the
terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the Separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. In addition to any other arrangements that the
Company and 21st Century Fox may agree to implement, the Company and 21st Century Fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both
companies. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation acknowledges that the Company’s directors and
officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including K. Rupert Murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the Company
and 21st Century Fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st Century Fox and certain of its affiliates. The Company’s Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the Company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than
certain limited types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation) to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. As 21st Century Fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate
opportunities in its certificate of incorporation, the provisions in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities
to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. 

Risks Related to the Company’s Common Stock 

The Market Price of the Company’s Stock May Fluctuate Significantly 

The Company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. The market price of the Company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may
be beyond its control, including: (1) the Company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Company’s operating results; (3) success or failure
of the Company’s business strategy; (4) the Company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations
affecting the Company’s business; (7) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers; (8) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or
dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the Company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) results
from material litigation or governmental investigations; (12) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and (13) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions. 

29 

Table of Contents

Certain Provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated
By-laws, Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, Separation and Distribution Agreement and Delaware Law, the Company’s Second Amended and Restated Stockholder Rights Agreement and the Ownership of the Company’s Common Stock by the
Murdoch Family Trust May Discourage Takeovers and the Concentration of Ownership Will Affect the Voting Results of Matters Submitted for Stockholder Approval. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in
control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock. In particular, the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws provide for, among other things: 

•

 a dual class common equity capital structure; 

•

 stockholders to remove directors only for cause; 

•

 a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting; 

•

 special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the
voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock; 

•

 the requirement that stockholders give the Company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the Board of Directors or to make stockholder
proposals at a stockholders’ meeting; 

•

 the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its
by-laws; 

•

 certain restrictions on the transfer of the Company’s shares; and 

•

 the Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, Preferred Stock and Series Common Stock with such terms as the Board of Directors may
determine. 

These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a
change in control of the Company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable. 

In addition, in connection with the Separation, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in June 2014 and again in June 2015. Pursuant to the second
amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the Company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the Company additional shares of its Class A Common Stock and Class B
Common Stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding Class B Common Stock without approval of the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially
owning 15% or more of the Company’s Class B Common Stock immediately following the Separation. The stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the Company’s voting common stock without the
approval of its Board of Directors. The rights expire on June 18, 2018, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. Further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of
the Murdoch Family Trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the Company’s outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 38.4% of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of August 6, 2015, K. Rupert Murdoch may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the Murdoch Family Trust. K. Rupert Murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. Also, K. Rupert Murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to
beneficially own an additional one percent of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock as of August 6, 2015. Thus, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in
the aggregate less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and approximately 39.4% of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of August 6, 2015. This concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from
making proposals involving an acquisition of 

30 

Table of Contents

the Company. Additionally, the ownership concentration of Class B Common Stock by the Murdoch Family Trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are
supported by the Murdoch Family Trust will be adopted and proposals that the Murdoch Family Trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of Class B Common Stock.
Furthermore, the adoption of the second amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the Company’s Board of Directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership
position in the Company’s Class B Common Stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the Murdoch Family Trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.