You
should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report in evaluating the Company and its common stock. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, it could materially and adversely affect the
Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company’s common stock. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to the
Company’s business, risks related to the Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox and risks related to the Company’s common stock. 

Risks Related to the Company’s Business 

A Decline in Customer Advertising
Expenditures in the Company’s Newspaper and Other Businesses Could Cause its Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on or in its newspapers, integrated marketing services and digital
media properties. The Company and its affiliates also derive revenues from the sale of advertising on their cable channels and pay-TV programming. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as
budgeting and buying patterns. National and local economic conditions, particularly in major metropolitan markets, affect the levels of retail, national and classified newspaper advertising revenue. Changes in gross domestic product, consumer
spending, auto sales, housing sales, unemployment rates, job creation and circulation levels and rates all impact demand for advertising. A decline in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective

17 

Table of Contents

advertisers’ spending priorities. The Company’s advertising revenues in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013 declined 7% as compared to the prior year, due in large part to lower
advertising revenues at its Australian newspapers as a result of the weaker Australian economy, particularly among consumers, as well as, to a lesser extent, declines in advertising revenues at Dow Jones. These declines were offset, in part, by
increased revenues in the Company’s Digital Real Estate Services segment. In addition to economic conditions, other factors such as consolidation across various industries may also reduce the Company’s overall advertising revenue.

Demand for the Company’s products is also a factor in determining advertising rates. For example, circulation levels for
the Company’s newspapers and ratings points for its cable channels are among the factors that are weighed when determining advertising rates. In addition, newer technologies, including new downloading capabilities via the Internet, digital
distribution models for books and other devices and technologies are increasing the number of media choices available to audiences. These technological developments may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the
Company’s offerings to advertisers. 

In addition, the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms
and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. Consequently, the Company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able
to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption. A decrease in advertising expenditures by the Company’s customers, reduced demand for the Company’s offerings or a surplus of advertising inventory
could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and assets. 

Advertising, Circulation and Audience Share May Continue to Decline as Consumers Migrate to Other Media Alternatives. 

The Company’s businesses face competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content delivery, and the Company
may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media alternatives. For example, advertising and circulation revenues in the Company’s News and Information Services segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the
newspaper industry, including declining newspaper buying by younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on the Internet for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. In recent years, Internet sites devoted to
recruitment, automobile sales and real estate services have become significant competitors of the Company’s newspapers and websites for classified advertising sales. As a result, in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, the Company’s
advertising revenues decreased 10% in the News and Information Services segment as compared to the prior year. In addition, due to innovations in content distribution platforms, consumers are now more readily able to watch Internet-delivered content
on television sets and mobile devices, in some cases also without charge, which could reduce consumer demand for the Company’s television programming and pay-TV services and adversely affect both its subscription revenue and advertisers’
willingness to purchase television advertising from the Company. 

The Company Must Respond to Changes in Consumer Behavior as a Result of
New Technologies in Order to Remain Competitive. 

Technology continues to evolve rapidly, leading to alternative methods
for the delivery and storage of digital content. These technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior and have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. Content owners are
increasingly delivering their content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without charge, and innovations in distribution platforms have enabled consumers to view such Internet-delivered content on portable devices and televisions. There
is a risk that the Company’s responses to these changes and strategies to remain competitive, including distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be adopted by consumers. In addition, enhanced Internet capabilities and
other new media may reduce the demand for newspapers and television viewership, which could negatively affect the Company’s revenues. The trend toward digital media 

18 

Table of Contents

may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the Company’s products disproportionately to the costs associated with generating content. The Company’s failure to protect
and exploit the value of its content, while responding to and developing new products and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences, could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses,
asset values and results of operations. 

The Inability to Renew Sports Programming Rights Could Cause the Revenue of Certain of the
Company’s Australian Operating Businesses to Decline Significantly in any Given Period. 

The sports rights contracts
between certain of the Company’s Australian operating businesses, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have varying duration and renewal terms. As these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms
may be sought; however, third parties may outbid the current rights holders for the rights contracts. In addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original
contract cost. The loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage offered by the Company and could adversely affect its revenues. Upon renewal, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports
programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates. 

No Assurance of Profitability
of Amplify. 

Many of Amplify’s newer lines of business are still under development. Accordingly, Amplify’s
prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as digital education. These risks
for Amplify include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. Amplify must, among other things, develop a customer base for its full range of offerings, including by utilizing the existing customers associated
with its data and analytics business, implement and successfully execute its business and marketing strategy, continue to develop and upgrade its software and content offerings, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate
qualified personnel. Since the 2010 acquisition of Wireless Generation, the former brand of Amplify’s data and analytics business, now Amplify Insight, and the initiation of the development of the broader business initiatives of Amplify, the
Company’s digital education business has recorded a cumulative loss before income taxes of approximately $265 million through June 30, 2013. The portion of this loss recognized in the year ended June 30, 2013 was approximately $163
million. Losses are expected to be higher in fiscal 2014 as a result of continued product development efforts. Significant expenses associated with Amplify’s businesses include salaries, employee benefits and other routine overhead associated
with product development. There can be no assurance that Amplify will be successful in addressing these risks or in achieving these goals, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on Amplify’s business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The Company May Make Strategic Acquisitions That Could Introduce Significant Risks and Uncertainties.

In order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the Company may make strategic acquisitions
that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in
achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) the risk of diverting the attention of the Company’s senior management from the
Company’s operations, (5) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (6) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the
acquired businesses, (7) potential future impairments of goodwill associated with the acquired business and (8) in some cases, increased regulation. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully
integrated with the Company’s existing business, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

19 

Table of Contents

Global Economic Conditions May Have a Continuing Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business.

The U.S. and global economies have undergone a period of economic uncertainty, which caused, among other things, a general
tightening in the credit markets, limited access to the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending and lower consumer net worth. The resulting pressure on the
labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the Company does business and has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. A continued decline in these economic conditions could further impact the Company’s business, reduce its advertising and other revenues and negatively impact the performance of its newspapers, books,
television operations and other consumer products. These conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the Company does business to satisfy their obligations to the Company. In particular, the Company has significant exposure to
certain Australian business risks, including specific Australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition because it holds a substantial amount of Australian assets. As a result, the Company’s results of operations may
be adversely affected by negative developments in the Australian market. Although the Company believes that its capitalization and operating cash flow will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no
assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair the Company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing. 

The Company Does Not Have the Right to Manage Foxtel, Which Means It is Not Able to Cause Foxtel to Operate or Make Corporate Decisions in a Manner that is Favorable to the Company. 

The Company does not have the right to manage the business or affairs of Foxtel. While the Company’s rights include the right to
appoint one-half of the board of directors of Foxtel, the Company is not able to cause management or the board of directors to take any specific actions on its behalf, including with regards to declaring and paying dividends. 

The Company Faces Investigations Regarding Allegations of Voicemail Interception, Illegal Data Access, Inappropriate Payments to Public Officials,
Obstruction of Justice and Other Related Matters and Related Civil Lawsuits. 

U.K. and U.S. regulators and governmental
authorities are conducting investigations relating to voicemail interception, illegal data access, inappropriate payments to public officials and obstruction of justice at its former publication, The News of the World, and at 
The Sun,
and related matters, which are referred to as the U.K. Newspaper Matters. The investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) is directed at conduct that occurred within 21st Century Fox prior to the creation of the Company.
Accordingly, 21st Century Fox has been and continues to be responsible for responding to the DOJ investigation. The Company, together with 21st Century Fox, is cooperating with these investigations. 

The Company has admitted liability in many civil cases related to the voicemail interception allegations and has settled many cases. The
Company also announced a private compensation scheme under which parties could pursue claims against it. While additional civil lawsuits may be filed, no additional civil claims may be brought under the compensation scheme after April 8, 2013.

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate outcome or cost of the civil claims or criminal matters. From July 1,
2010 through June 30, 2013, the Company incurred aggregate legal and professional fees related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters of $307 million and paid $23 million to claimants for civil settlements. In addition, as of June 30, 2013, the
Company has provided for its best estimate of the liability for the claims that have been filed and costs incurred and has accrued $66 million. Certain liabilities recorded by the Company in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013 related to
matters that will be indemnified by 21st Century Fox as described below. Accordingly, the Company also recorded an indemnification asset of approximately $40 million as of June 30, 2013. 

20 

Table of Contents

In connection with the Separation, the Company and 21st Century Fox agreed in the Separation
and Distribution Agreement that 21st Century Fox will indemnify the Company for payments made after the Distribution Date arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters as well as legal and professional fees
and expenses paid in connection with the criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees (i) who are not directors, officers or certain designated employees or (ii) with respect to civil matters, who are not
co-defendants with the Company or 21st Century Fox. In addition, violations of law may result in criminal fines or penalties for which the Company will not be indemnified by 21st Century Fox. 21st Century Fox’s indemnification obligations with
respect to these matters will be settled on an after-tax basis. It is possible that these proceedings and any adverse resolution thereof, including any fines or other penalties associated with any plea, judgment or similar result for which the
Company will not be indemnified, could damage its reputation, impair the Company’s ability to conduct its business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 11 to
the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements of News Corporation for additional information. 

The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to
Asset Impairment and Restructuring Charges. 

As a result of adverse developments in the Company’s industry and
challenging economic and market conditions, the Company may recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill and intangible assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact
the Company’s financial results. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, as part of its long-range planning process in preparation for the Separation, the Company adjusted its future outlook and related strategy principally with respect to its
News and Information Services business in Australia and secondarily with respect to its News and Information Services businesses in the U.S. These adjustments reflect adverse trends affecting the Company’s News and Information Services segment,
including declines in advertising revenue and continued declines in the economic environment in Australia, and resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows. Consequently, the Company determined that the fair value of these reporting units
had declined below their respective carrying values and recorded an impairment charge of approximately $1.4 billion ($1.1 billion, net of tax) in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013. In response to these challenging conditions the Company has
reorganized its Australian newspaper businesses, and the Company recognized $293 million of restructuring charges in the year ended June 30, 2013, a significant portion of which resulted from its restructuring activities in Australia and
the U.K. 

In accordance with GAAP, the Company will continue to perform an annual impairment assessment of its recorded
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads and distribution networks, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing
conditions in the capital markets or the economy generally, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets, or require the Company to engage in any additional
business restructurings to address these conditions. Any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the programming for which the Company has acquired rights could lead to a downward
revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” for an analysis of the sensitivity of the fair value
of goodwill and intangible assets to changes in key assumptions. Any further downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for
which non-cash charges would be required. Any such charge could be material to the Company’s reported results of operations. The Company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its
resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends. 

The Company’s Business Could Be Adversely
Impacted by Changes in Governmental Policy and Regulation. 

Various aspects of the Company’s activities are subject to
regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the Company’s products and services are produced or distributed (and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and
regulations in those countries) could have a negative impact on its interests. 

21 

Table of Contents

For example, the Company’s Australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by
changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the Australian media industry or to Australian companies in general. This includes: 

•

 anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-TV providers such as Foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for
example, the Olympic Games and certain Australian Rules football and cricket matches) unless: 

•

 national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 12 weeks before the start of the event; 

•

 the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the Australian
population; or 

•

 the rights to televise are also held by one of Australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters; and 

•

 legislation such as the Broadcasting Services Act that regulates ownership interests and control of Australian media organizations. Such legislation
may have an impact on the Company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities. For example, current media diversity rules would prevent the Company from
exercising control of a commercial television broadcasting license, a commercial radio license and a newspaper in the same license area. 

On April 30, 2012, the then-Minister for Broadband, Communications and Digital Economy released the Final Report of a comprehensive review of Australia’s communications and media regulation
referred to as the Convergence Review. In March 2013, legislation was passed in response to the Convergence Review that, among other things, reduced the license fees payable by FTA networks. Certain other legislative changes that would have had a
significant impact on the way the Company operates its business and which would have limited its ability to acquire new businesses were proposed by the Australian Government, but withdrawn without becoming law. Any further changes in Australian
media regulations could adversely impact the Company’s Australian businesses. However, the government that commissioned the Convergence Review lost power in the Australian federal election held on September 7, 2013. 

In addition, the Company’s newspaper businesses in the U.K. are likely to be subject to greater regulation and oversight following
the implementation of recommendations of the Leveson inquiry into the U.K. press, which was established by Prime Minister David Cameron in mid-2011. The inquiry was triggered by allegations of illegal voicemail interception at the Company’s
former publication, The News of the World. Lord Justice Leveson, Chairman of the Inquiry, has concluded the first part of the inquiry and published a report in late November 2012 containing various recommendations for greater regulation and
oversight of the U.K. press. In response, the U.K. Government has proposed establishing a regulatory body to oversee the U.K. press, a majority of the members of which would be independent of the industry. If adopted, a new regulatory regime may
impose burdens on the print media in the U.K., including the Company’s newspaper businesses in the U.K., that represent competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of compliance. 

The Company’s Business Could Be Adversely Impacted by Changes in Educational Funding. 

The Company’s U.S. educational businesses may be adversely affected by changes in state educational funding as a result of changes in
legislation, both at the federal and state level, changes in the state procurement process and changes in the condition of the local, state or U.S. economy. Future changes in federal funding and the state and local tax base could create an
unfavorable environment, leading to budget issues that result in a decrease in educational funding. 

Newsprint Prices May Continue to Be
Volatile and Difficult to Predict and Control. 

Newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the Company’s publishing
units. During the year ended June 30, 2013, the Company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 3.0% higher than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years. The price of newsprint has
historically been volatile 

22 

Table of Contents

and the consolidation of newsprint mills over the years has reduced the number of suppliers, which has led to increases in newsprint prices. Failure to maintain the Company’s current
consumption levels, further supplier consolidation or the inability to maintain the Company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers could adversely impact newsprint prices in the future. 

The Company Relies on Network and Information Systems and Other Technology That May Be Subject to Disruption or Misuse, Which Could Result in Improper
Disclosure of Personal Data or Confidential Information as well as Increased Costs or Loss of Revenue. 

Network and
information systems and other technologies, including those related to the Company’s network management, are important to its business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses,
worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, could result in a disruption of the Company’s
services or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information. Improper disclosure of such information could harm the Company’s reputation, require it to expend resources to remedy such a security breach or subject it to
liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. 

Technological Developments May Increase
the Threat of Content Piracy and Limit the Company’s Ability to Protect Its Intellectual Property Rights. 

The Company
seeks to limit the threat of content piracy; however, policing unauthorized use of its products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent infringement by
unauthorized third parties. Developments in technology increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material. The Company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat
piracy, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. However, protection of the Company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the
U.S. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the Company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the Company’s ability to
generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and
intellectual property will be successful in preventing content piracy. 

The Company’s Business Relies on Certain Intellectual Property
and Brands. 

The Company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and other
proprietary rights, as well as contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish and protect their intellectual property and brand names. The Company believes its proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important
to its continued success and its competitive position. Any impairment of any such intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Results of Operations. 

The Company has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in foreign
currencies, primarily the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling. The value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect
on its results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. 

Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s
Business. 

In a variety of the Company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to
collective bargaining agreements. If the Company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well

23 

Table of Contents

as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing delays in
production or by reducing profit margins. 

Risks Related to the Company’s Separation from 21st Century Fox 

If the Separation, Together with Certain Related Transactions, Were Ultimately Determined to be Taxable Transactions for U.S. Federal Income Tax
Purposes, then the Company, 21st Century Fox and Its Stockholders Could Be Subject to Significant Tax Liability, and the Company may be Required to Indemnify 21st Century Fox for Tax-Related Liabilities Incurred by 21st Century Fox. 

In connection with the Separation, 21st Century Fox received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, among other things,
the distribution of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock qualified as tax-free under Sections 368 and 355 of the Code except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, 21st Century Fox received an
opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the Separation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the satisfaction of the requirements under Section 368 and 355 of the Code not specifically addressed in the IRS
private letter ruling. The opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax counsel is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there is no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. 

The private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the Company and 21st
Century Fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or the internal
transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that the distribution or the internal transactions should be
taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the Separation. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital
gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and U.S. stockholders and certain non-U.S. stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately
determined to be taxable, 21st Century Fox would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the Company’s common stock distributed to 21st Century
Fox’s stockholders on the Distribution Date over 21st Century Fox’s tax basis in such shares. As described below, the Company may in certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st Century Fox for liabilities arising out of the
foregoing. 

Under the terms of the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement that the Company and 21st Century Fox entered
into in connection with the Separation, the Company will, in certain circumstances, be responsible for all taxes, including interest and penalties, and tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of actions taken by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries after the Separation. Specifically, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain
actions taken, or omitted to be taken, after the Separation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of
21st Century Fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, or (3) the Company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after
consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the Company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of such determination. 

The Company Could Be Liable for Income Taxes Owed by 21st Century Fox. 

Each member of the 21st Century Fox consolidated group, which, prior to the Separation, included 21st Century Fox, the Company and 21st Century Fox’s other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally
liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group for periods prior to and including the 

24 

Table of Contents

Separation. Consequently, the Company could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any member of 21st Century Fox’s consolidated group. The Tax Sharing
and Indemnification Agreement requires 21st Century Fox to indemnify the Company for any such liability. Disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the IRS in amounts that the Company cannot quantify. 

The Company Might Not Be Able to Engage in Desirable Strategic Transactions and Equity Issuances Following the Separation Because of Certain
Restrictions Relating to Requirements for Tax-Free Distributions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. 

The Company’s
ability to engage in significant strategic transactions and equity issuances may be limited or restricted after the Separation in order to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution by 21st Century Fox.
Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result in corporate level taxable gain to 21st Century Fox under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of
shares of the Company’s stock is acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. 

To preserve the tax-free treatment to 21st Century Fox of the distribution and the internal transactions in connection with the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under the Tax Sharing and
Indemnification Agreement that the Company entered into with 21st Century Fox, the Company is prohibited from taking or failing to take certain actions that may prevent the distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Further, for the two-year period following the Separation, without obtaining the consent of 21st Century Fox, the Company may be prohibited from: 

•

 approving or allowing any transaction that results in a change in ownership of more than a specified percentage of the Company’s common stock,

•

 a merger, 

•

 a redemption of equity securities, 

•

 a sale or other disposition of certain businesses or a specified percentage of the Company’s assets, 

•

 an acquisition of a business or assets with equity securities to the extent one or more persons would acquire in excess of a specified percentage of
the Company’s common stock, or 

•

 amending the Company’s organizational documents or taking any other action through stockholder vote or otherwise that affects the relative
economic or voting rights of the Company’s outstanding stock. 

These restrictions may limit the
Company’s ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of its business. Moreover, the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement also provides that the Company is
responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox or any of its affiliates as a result of the failure of the distribution or the internal transactions to qualify for favorable treatment under the Code if such failure is
attributable to certain actions taken after the Separation by or in respect of the Company or any of its affiliates. 

The Separation and
Distribution Agreement May Restrict the Company From Acquiring or Owning Certain Types of Assets in the U.S. 

The Federal
Communications Commission (“FCC”) has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the ownership of radio and television broadcast stations, television broadcast networks and newspapers (the “Broadcast Ownership Rules”)
and place commercial restrictions on a cable network programmer in which a cable television operator holds an ownership interest (the “Program Access Rules”). Under the FCC’s rules for determining ownership of the media assets
described above, the Murdoch Family Trust’s ownership interest in both the Company and 21st Century Fox following the Separation would generally result in each company’s businesses and assets being attributable to the Murdoch Family Trust
for purposes of determining compliance with the Broadcast Ownership Rules and the Program Access Rules. Consequently, the Company’s future 

25 

Table of Contents

conduct, including its acquisition of any newspapers in the same local markets in which 21st Century Fox owns or operates television stations or the Company’s acquisition of an ownership
interest in a cable operator, may affect 21st Century Fox’s ability to own and operate its television stations or otherwise comply with the Broadcast Ownership Rules, or may subject 21st Century Fox to the Program Access Rules. Therefore, the
Company and 21st Century Fox agreed in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that if the Company acquires, after the Distribution Date, newspapers, radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the U.S. and such
acquisition would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business, then the Company will be required to take certain actions, including divesting assets, in order to permit 21st Century Fox to hold its media interests and
to comply with such rules. In addition, the Company will be prohibited from acquiring an interest in a multichannel video programming distributor, including a cable television operator, if such acquisition would subject 21st Century Fox to the
Program Access Rules to which it is not then subject. This agreement effectively limits the activities or strategic business alternatives available to the Company if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the Broadcast
Ownership Rules or Program Access Rules and would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st Century Fox’s business. 

The
Indemnification Arrangements the Company Entered Into With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Require the Company to Divert Cash to Satisfy Indemnification Obligations to 21st Century Fox. 

Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other related agreements, 21st Century Fox agreed to indemnify the
Company for certain liabilities, and the Company agreed to indemnify 21st Century Fox for certain liabilities. As a result, the Company could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify 21st Century Fox and its affiliates against certain
liabilities to the extent such liabilities result from an action the Company or its affiliates take or from any breach of the Company or its affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement,
Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement or any other agreement the Company entered into in connection with the Separation. The diversion of cash that may occur if the Company is required to indemnify 21st Century Fox under these agreements could
limit the Company’s ability to grow its businesses or capitalize on acquisition opportunities. 

Certain Agreements That the Company
Entered Into With 21st Century Fox in Connection With the Separation May Limit Its Ability to Take Certain Actions With Respect to the Civil U.K. Newspaper Matters. 

Under the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, in consideration for 21st Century Fox’s agreement to certain indemnification arrangements, the Company agreed that 21st Century Fox would
have the right to control the Company’s defense of civil claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. In exercising its rights to control the defense of the civil claims relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, 21st Century Fox may be guided
by interests that are different than or adverse to the Company’s interests and the interests of its stockholders and advocate strategies that the Company’s management would not otherwise adopt. Furthermore, if the Company fails to comply
with these control arrangements or does not consent to settlements with respect to such matters proposed by 21st Century Fox, the Company has agreed with 21st Century Fox that it will, at 21st Century Fox’s discretion, forego any
indemnification with regard to such or all of these matters. The Company’s inability to take actions with respect to these civil matters without 21st Century Fox’s consent or the Company’s adoption of strategies advocated by 21st
Century Fox could damage the Company’s reputation or impair the Company’s ability to conduct its business while the taking of any such action by the Company without 21st Century Fox’s consent in breach of the Company’s agreements
could increase its liability exposure with regard to such matters and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 11 to the Consolidated and Combined Financial
Statements of News Corporation for additional information. 

There Can Be No Assurance That the Company Will Have Access to the Capital
Markets on Terms Acceptable to It. 

From time to time the Company may need to access the long-term and short-term capital
markets to obtain financing. Although the Company believes that the sources of capital currently in place will permit the Company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the Company’s access to,

26 

Table of Contents

and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the Company’s financial
performance, (2) the Company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (3) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (4) the state of the economy. There can be no assurance, particularly as a new company that
currently has no credit rating, that the Company will have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to it. 

The Company May be
Unable to Achieve Some or All of the Benefits That It Expects to Achieve as an Independent, Publicly-Traded Company. 

By
separating from 21st Century Fox, there is a risk that the Company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than it would have otherwise been while it was still a part of 21st Century Fox. As part of 21st Century Fox,
the Company was able to enjoy certain benefits from 21st Century Fox’s operating diversity and access to capital for investments, which benefits are no longer available to the Company after the Separation. 

As an independent, publicly-traded company, the Company believes that its businesses will benefit from, among other things, sharpened
focus on the financial and operational resources of its specific business, allowing the Company’s management to design and implement a capital structure, corporate strategies and policies that are based primarily on the business characteristics
and strategic opportunities of its businesses. The Company anticipates this will allow it to respond more effectively to industry dynamics and to create effective incentives for the Company’s management and employees that are more closely tied
to its business performance. However, the Company may not be able to achieve some or all of the expected benefits. If the Company fails to achieve some or all of the benefits in the time it expects, the Company’s business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

The Company Has a Very Limited Operating History as an Independent,
Publicly-Traded Company, and Its Historical Financial Statements Are Not Necessarily Representative of the Results It Would Have Achieved as an Independent, Publicly-Traded Company and May Not Be Reliable Indicators of Its Future Results.

The Company’s historical financial statements included in this Annual Report do not necessarily reflect the results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition that it would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company during the periods presented or those that it will achieve in the future, primarily as a result of the following factors:

•

 Historically, the Company’s working capital requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital
expenditures, were provided by 21st Century Fox to the extent the Company did not generate sufficient cash flows to cover its cash requirements. 21st Century Fox historically managed and retained the cash generated by the Company. Following the
Separation, 21st Century Fox no longer provides the Company with funds to finance its working capital or other cash requirements. Without the opportunity to obtain capital from 21st Century Fox, the Company may need to access capital markets, and
there is no guarantee that capital will be available to the Company or available on terms that are as favorable as those it could have obtained when it was part of 21st Century Fox. 

•

 Prior to the Separation, the Company’s business was operated by 21st Century Fox as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an
independent company. 21st Century Fox historically performed various corporate functions for the Company, including, but not limited to, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, legal, ethics and compliance program administration,
investor and public relations, certain governance functions (including internal audit) and external reporting. The Company’s historical financial statements reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 21st Century Fox for these and similar
functions. However, these allocations may be more or less than the comparable expenses that the Company would have incurred had it operated as an independent, publicly traded company. 

•

 Other significant changes may occur in the Company’s cost structure, management, financing, business operations, personnel needs, tax and
structure as a result of its operation as a company separate from 21st Century Fox. The Company benefited from 21st Century Fox’s operating diversity, size and 

27 

Table of Contents

purchasing power, and it will lose such benefits as an independent company. Additionally, the Company will be entering into transactions with 21st Century Fox that did not exist prior to the
Separation. 

The Company’s Accounting and Other Management Systems and Resources May Not be Adequately Prepared to
Meet the Financial Reporting and Other Requirements to Which It Is Subject Following the Separation. If the Company Is Unable to Achieve and Maintain Effective Internal Controls, Its Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition Could Be
Materially Adversely Affected. 

The Company’s financial results previously were included within the consolidated
results of 21st Century Fox, and the Company believes that its reporting and control systems were appropriate for those of subsidiaries of a public company. However, the Company was not directly subject to the reporting and other requirements of the
Exchange Act. As a result of the Separation, the Company is directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act. Further, beginning with the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2014, it will be required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, which will require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and a report by its
independent registered public accounting firm. These reporting and other obligations will place significant demands on the Company’s management and administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources. To comply with these
requirements, the Company may need to upgrade its systems, including information technology, and implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. The Company expects to incur additional annual expenses
related to these steps, and those expenses may be significant. If the Company is unable to upgrade its financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology systems and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, the
Company’s ability to comply with its financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Certain of the
Company’s Directors and Officers May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because of Their Equity Ownership in 21st Century Fox, and Certain of the Company’s Officers and Directors May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of
Interest Because They Also Serve as Officers and/or on the Board of Directors of 21st Century Fox, Which May Result in the Diversion of Corporate Opportunities to 21st Century Fox. 

Certain of the Company’s directors and executive officers own shares of 21st Century Fox’s common stock, and the individual
holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. In addition, certain of the Company’s officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st Century Fox, including K. Rupert Murdoch,
who serves as the Company’s Executive Chairman and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 21st Century Fox, and Gerson Zweifach, who serves as the Company’s General Counsel and as Senior Executive Vice President and Group General
Counsel of 21st Century Fox. This ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the
Company and 21st Century Fox. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the
internal reorganization, the Separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. In addition to any other arrangements that the Company and 21st Century Fox may agree to
implement, the Company and 21st Century Fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation acknowledges that the Company’s directors and officers, as well as certain
of its stockholders, including K. Rupert Murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the Company and 21st Century Fox), each
of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may 

28 

Table of Contents

become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st Century Fox and certain of its affiliates. The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that any such
overlapping person will not be liable to the Company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of restricted
business opportunities set forth in the Company’s restated certificate of incorporation) to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. As 21st Century Fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate opportunities in its certificate of
incorporation, the provisions in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to 21st Century Fox instead of the
Company. 

Risks Related to the Company’s Common Stock 

The Market Price of the Company’s Stock May Fluctuate Significantly 

The Company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. The market price of the Company’s common stock may
fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the Company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated
fluctuations in the Company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the Company’s business strategy; (4) the Company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies,
guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the Company’s business; (7) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers;
(8) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the Company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the
operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (12) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and
(13) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions. 

Certain Provisions of the Company’s Certificate of
Incorporation, By-laws, Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, Separation and Distribution Agreement and Delaware Law, the Company’s Stockholder Rights Agreement and the Ownership of the Company’s Common Stock by the Murdoch Family
Trust May Discourage Takeovers and the Concentration of Ownership Will Affect the Voting Results of Matters Submitted for Stockholder Approval. 

The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in
control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock. In particular, the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws provide for, among other things: 

•

 a dual class common equity capital structure; 

•

 stockholders to remove directors only for cause; 

•

 a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting; 

•

 special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the
voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock; 

•

 the requirement that stockholders give the Company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the Board of Directors or to make stockholder
proposals at a stockholders’ meeting; 

•

 the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its
by-laws; 

•

 certain restrictions on the transfer of the Company’s shares; and 

•

 the Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, Preferred Stock and Series Common Stock with such terms as the Board of Directors may
determine. 

29 

Table of Contents

These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent
a change in control of the Company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable. 

In addition, in connection with the Separation, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement pursuant to which each outstanding share of the Company’s common stock has
attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the Company additional shares of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
then-outstanding Class B Common Stock without approval of the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of May 24, 2013. The stockholder
rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the Company’s voting common stock without the approval of its Board of Directors. Acquisitions of shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as a result of
acquiring additional 21st Century Fox Class B Common Stock prior to the Separation or shares representing the Company’s Class B Common Stock in the when-issued trading market or as a result of the Separation will each be included in determining
the beneficial ownership of a person, and all such acquisitions made after May 24, 2013 will be taken into account in determining whether a person is an acquiring person under the terms of the stockholder rights agreement. The rights expire on
June 28, 2014, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. 

Further, as a result of his ability to appoint
certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the Murdoch Family Trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the Company’s outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 38.4% of the Company’s
Class B Common Stock as of September 10, 2013, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the Murdoch Family Trust. K. Rupert Murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these
shares. Also, K. Rupert Murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock as of September 10,
2013. Thus, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and approximately 39.4% of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of September 10, 2013. This
concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the Company. Additionally, the ownership concentration of Class B Common Stock by the Murdoch Family Trust increases the likelihood
that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the Murdoch Family Trust will be adopted and proposals that the Murdoch Family Trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also
supported by the other holders of Class B Common Stock. Furthermore, the adoption of the stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the Company’s Board of Directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from
acquiring a similar ownership position in the Company’s Class B Common Stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the Murdoch Family Trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.