You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks or by other risks that we currently cannot identify. 

All of our businesses face substantial competition for advertisers, and this competition is increasingly intense with, and within, the
digital area. 

We
are subject to competition for advertising revenues in our various markets, including from paid and free newspapers, magazines, broadcast, satellite and cable television, broadcast and satellite
radio, video-on-demand services, Web sites, direct marketing and the Yellow Pages. Competition affects our ability to attract and retain advertisers and to maintain or increase advertising rates. 

Competition
for advertising revenue is increasingly intense with, and within, the digital area, where the popularity of the Internet and low barriers to entry have led to a wide variety of
alternatives available to advertisers and consumers. As media audiences fragment, we expect advertisers to re-allocate a portion of their advertising budgets to nontraditional media, such as Web sites
and search engines, which can offer more measurable returns than traditional print media through, among other things, pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted Internet
advertising. Also, we may compete with companies that sell products and services online because these companies are trying to attract users to their Web sites directly to search for information about
products and services. 

In
recent years, Web sites dedicated to help wanted, real estate and automobile sales have become significant competitors of our newspapers and Web sites for classified advertising, and entities with
a larger Internet presence are entering the classified market, heightening the risk of continued erosion. We may experience greater competition from specialized Web sites in other areas, such as
travel and entertainment advertising. Although the amount of advertising on our own Web sites has been increasing, we may experience a decline in advertising revenues if we are unable to attract
advertising to our Web sites in sufficient volume or at rates comparable to print rates. 

Our network-affiliated broadcast properties face significant competition that may result in increased audience fragmentation that
adversely affects advertising revenues. 

Our
network-affiliated broadcast stations face significant competition. Several developments could cause further fragmentation of the television viewing audience and therefore increase competition,
including: 

•

system
upgrades and technological advances resulting in increased channel capacities on cable and direct broadcast satellite systems,

•

the
entry of telephone companies into the video distribution market,

•

the
emergence of new portable video distribution platforms, and

•

the
availability of network programming on the Internet and through video-on-demand services. 

This
fragmentation may adversely affect our television stations' ability to sell advertising. 

Regulatory developments may intensify the competitive market. 

Changes in the regulatory and technological environment are bringing about a global consolidation of media companies and convergence among various forms of
media. The FCC is currently considering changes to its media ownership rules, which could either broaden or continue to restrict our opportunities to invest in additional broadcast stations. These
changes could also cause us to face increased competition from other media entities. 

Decreases, or slow growth, in circulation adversely affects our circulation revenues and also our advertising
revenues.

Circulation is another significant source of revenue for us. In recent years, we, along with the newspaper industry as a whole, have experienced difficulty
increasing circulation volume and revenues because of, among other things, competition from other forms of media (often free to the user), particularly the Internet, and the declining frequency of
regular newspaper buying, particularly among young people, who increasingly rely on nontraditional media as a source of news. 

A
prolonged decline in circulation copies would have a material effect on the rate and volume of advertising revenues (as rates reflect circulation and readership, among other factors). It could also
affect our ability to 

11 

institute
circulation price increases for our print products. To maintain our circulation base, we may incur additional costs, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover these costs
through increased circulation and advertising revenues. 

Negative economic conditions in our principal markets would adversely affect our advertising revenues.

National and local economic conditions, particularly in the New York City and Boston metropolitan regions, affect the levels of our retail, national and
classified advertising revenue. For example, difficult economic conditions in the New England region have contributed to lower levels of advertising at our properties there. Future negative economic
conditions in this and other principal markets would adversely affect our level of advertising revenues. 

Our largest newspaper properties are dependent on national advertising. 

A significant portion of advertising revenues for our largest newspaper properties is from national advertising. As a result, events that affect national
advertisers, such as structural changes and challenges to their traditional business models, may change the level of our advertising revenues. Increased consolidation among major national and retail
advertisers has depressed, and may continue to depress, the level of our advertising revenue. 

The success of our business depends substantially on our reputation as a provider of quality journalism and content in print, digital and
broadcast.

We believe that our products have excellent reputations for quality journalism and content. This reputation is based in part on consumer perceptions as to a
variety of subjective qualities and could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust. To the extent consumers perceive the quality of our content to be less reliable, our ability to attract
readers and advertisers may be hindered. 

The
proliferation of nontraditional media, largely available at no cost, challenges the traditional media model, in which quality journalism has primarily been supported by print advertising revenues.
If consumers fail to differentiate our content from other content providers, on the Internet or otherwise, we may experience a decline in revenues. 

Our potential inability to execute cost-control measures successfully could result in total costs and expenses that are
greater than expected.

We have taken steps to lower our expenses by reducing staff and employee benefits and implementing general cost-control measures. If we do not
achieve expected savings as a result of these steps or if our operating costs increase as a result of our growth strategy, our total costs and expenses may be greater than
anticipated. Although we believe that appropriate steps have been taken to implement cost-control efforts, if not managed properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products and
our ability to generate future revenue. In addition, reductions in staff and employee benefits could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. 

The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a significant increase would have an adverse effect on our operating
results.

The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented 11% of our total costs in 2005. The price of newsprint has historically been
volatile and, in recent years, has increased. Consolidation in the North American newsprint industry has reduced the number of suppliers. Overall newsprint supply has declined as a result of paper
mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper, which in turn has increased the likelihood of future price increases. Although we have adopted measures to reduce consumption, such as
converting to lighter-weight newsprint, reducing page width where practical and managing waste through technology enhancements, our operating results would be adversely affected if newsprint prices
increased significantly. 

A significant portion of our employees are unionized, and our results could be adversely affected if labor negotiations were to restrict
our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations.

A significant portion of our work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms
with many of our employees collectively. Although we have in place long-term contracts for a substantial portion of our unionized work force, our results could be adversely affected if
future labor negotiations were to restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. In addition, if we were to experience labor unrest, our ability to produce and deliver our most
significant products could be impaired. 

12 

We continue to develop new products and services for evolving markets. There can be no assurance of the success of these efforts due to a
number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.

There are substantial uncertainties associated with our efforts to develop new products and services for evolving markets, and substantial investments may be
required. The success of these ventures will be determined by our efforts, and in some cases by those of our partners, fellow investors and licensees. Initial timetables for the introduction and
development of new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as the development of competitive alternatives, rapid
technological
change, regulatory changes and shifting market preferences, may cause new markets to move in unanticipated directions. 

We may buy or sell different properties as a result of our evaluation of our portfolio of products, which may affect our costs, revenues,
profitability and financial position.

From time to time, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio of products and may, as a result, buy or sell different properties. Such acquisitions or
divestitures may affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. We may also consider the acquisition of specific properties or businesses that fall outside our traditional lines of
business if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive. From time to time, we make non-controlling minority investments in public and private entities. We may have limited voting
rights and an inability to influence the direction of such entities. In addition, if the value of the companies in which we invest declines, we may be required to take a charge to earnings. 

Each
year, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio in connection with annual impairment testing, and we may record a charge if the financial statement carrying value of an asset is in
excess of its estimated fair value. Fair value could be adversely affected by changing market conditions within our industry. 

Acquisitions
involve risks, including difficulties in integrating acquired operations, diversions of management resources and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. In addition, financing
acquisitions may require the incurrence of debt or the issuance of additional stock. 

Our Class B stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create
conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control.

We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of
the Board of Directors and to vote, with Class B common stockholders, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of the
Company's auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by
descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds 88% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of
Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, trustees are directed to retain the
Class B Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they
unanimously determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from
initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be
adversely affected. 

Regulatory developments, particularly with respect to our broadcast properties, may result in increased costs.

All of our operations are subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Changing regulations may result in increased costs that
adversely affect results. 

Our
broadcast stations in particular are subject to regulation by the FCC, and operate under FCC licenses that are generally granted for a period of eight years. Nine of our eleven stations are
currently seeking renewal of their broadcast licenses or are scheduled to file renewal applications within the next year. The FCC substantially regulates radio and television station 

13 

operations
in many significant ways, including, but not limited to, employment practices, political advertising, indecency and obscenity, sponsorship identification, children's programming,
issue-responsive programming, closed captioning, signal carriage, ownership, and engineering, transmissions, antenna and other technical matters. Changes in FCC regulation, the failure of the FCC to
grant a station's renewal application or the imposition of conditions on a renewal could adversely affect the profitability of our broadcast business. 

All
television stations are required to construct digital television ("DTV") facilities, and eight of our nine television stations (all but KAUT) have constructed and are operating such facilities.
Stations may provide high definition programming ("HDTV") and/or digital "multicast" services (multiple streams of programming) on their DTV channels. Uncertainty associated with rules governing cable
carriage of HDTV and multicast services may affect the future profitability of our digital television operations. Digital stations are unlikely to produce significant additional revenue until
consumers have purchased a substantial number of digital television receivers. 

On
February 17, 2009, each television station will be required to retire its analog channel and operate as a digital facility exclusively. The stations expect to operate on their assigned
digital channels, except WHNT, which is operating on a temporary allocation provided by the FCC. Permanent channels will be determined within the framework of a FCC licensing process prior to the 2009
conversion date. It remains uncertain how the transition to DTV will affect our broadcast operations. 

Due
to the wide geographic scope of our operations, the IHT is subject to regulation by political entities throughout the world. 

If our capital expenditures, related to our new headquarters or otherwise, exceed our projections, we may require additional funding,
which, if not available on terms acceptable to us, could adversely affect our growth, financial condition and results of operations.

We
are in the process of constructing our new headquarters building, which we currently expect to occupy in mid-2007. As of December 25, 2005, we had incurred capital expenditures
of approximately $425 million related to the development of the building, of which $184 million was incurred by our development partner, and we currently expect to incur total capital
expenditures of $1,001 to $1,068 million, of which $400 to $429 million will be paid by our development partner. We have funded, and will continue to fund, our share of capital
contributions from cash from operations and external financing sources. Our development partner's share is being funded through capital contributions and a construction loan. For a detailed
description of the financing arrangements, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—New
Headquarters Building" and Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Under the terms of the building operating agreement and financing arrangements, a lien related to the
construction loan will be released from our condominium units upon substantial completion of the building's core and shell but will remain upon our development partner's condominium units until the
construction loan is repaid in full. If our development partner is unable to obtain other financing to repay the construction loan, we must lend them approximately $119.5 million to pay a portion of
the construction loan balance. 

Although
the construction of our new headquarters is currently on schedule and within budget, due to the uncertainties inherent in major construction projects, it is possible that construction of the
new building may not be completed within the expected time frame and/or anticipated budget. In addition, we may have unanticipated capital expenditure requirements in the future. If we cannot obtain
capital from increases in our cash flow from operating activities, we may incur increased borrowing costs. If financing is not available on terms acceptable to us, our growth, financial condition and
results of operations could suffer materially. 

14