You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks or by other risks that we currently cannot identify.

Declines in economic conditions in the United States, the regions in which we operate and specific economic sectors have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our advertising revenues.

Advertising spending, which drives a significant portion of our revenues, is sensitive to economic conditions. National and local economic conditions, particularly in the New York City and Boston metropolitan regions, as well as in Florida and California, affect the levels of our retail, national and classified advertising revenue. Negative economic conditions, including a recession or market disruptions, in these and other markets have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our level of advertising revenues, and a failure of economic conditions to improve in such markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our advertising revenues are affected by economic and competitive changes in significant advertising categories. These revenues may be adversely affected if key advertisers change their advertising practices, as a result of continuing or deepening softness in the economy, shifts in spending patterns or priorities, structural changes, such as consolidations, or the cessation of operations. Help-wanted, real estate and automotive classified listings, which are important categories at all of our newspaper properties, have declined as less expensive or free online alternatives have proliferated and as a result of economic changes, such as the local and nationwide downturn in the housing markets.

All of our businesses face substantial competition for advertisers.

We face formidable competition for advertising revenue in our various markets from free and paid newspapers, magazines, Web sites, television, radio, other forms of media, direct marketing and the Yellow Pages. Competition for advertising is generally based on audience levels and demographics, price, service and advertising results. Competition from all of these media and services affects our ability 

P. 8 2008 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors

to attract and retain advertisers and consumers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates.

This competition has intensified as a result of the continued developments of digital media technologies. Distribution of news, entertainment and other information over the Internet, as well as through mobile phones and other devices, continues to increase in popularity. These technological developments are increasing the number of media choices available to advertisers and audiences. As media audiences fragment, we expect advertisers to allocate larger portions of their advertising budgets to digital media, such as Web sites and search engines, which can offer more measurable returns than traditional print media through pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted advertising.

In addition, a secular shift from print advertising to online alternatives that feature help-wanted, real estate and/or automotive listings has contributed and may continue to contribute to significant declines in print advertising. We are aggressively developing online offerings through internal growth, acquisitions and strategic relationships. However, we will experience a decline in advertising revenues if we are unable to attract advertising to our Web sites in volumes or at rates sufficient to offset declines in print advertising.

If we are not successful in growing our digital businesses, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected.

Our growth depends to a significant degree upon the development of our digital businesses. The ability of our digital businesses to grow and succeed over the long term depends on various factors, among other things:

–
  significantly increasing our online traffic and attracting and retaining a base of frequent visitors to our Web sites, which may be adversely affected by search engines (including Google, the primary search engine directing traffic to the Web sites of the About Group and many of our other sites) changing the algorithms responsible for directing search queries to Web pages;

–
  attracting advertisers to our Web sites, which depends partly on our ability to generate online traffic and partly on the rate at which users click through on advertisements, which may be adversely affected by the development of new technologies to block the display of our advertisements;

–
  maintaining or increasing the advertising rates of the inventory on our Web sites amid significant increases in inventory in the marketplace, which may depend on the market position of our brands and the market position and growth of advertising networks and exchange-based advertising marketplaces;

–
  exploiting new and existing technologies to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors and developing new content, products and services, which may move in unanticipated directions due to the development of competitive alternatives, rapid technological change, regulatory changes and shifting market preferences;

–
  investing funds and resources in online opportunities, in which some of our existing competitors and possible additional entrants may have greater operational, financial and other resources than we do or may be better positioned to compete for certain opportunities;

–
  maintaining and forming strategic relationships to attract more consumers, which depend on the efforts of our partners, fellow investors and licensees that may be beyond our control; and

–
  attracting and retaining talent for critical positions.

Even if we continue to develop our digital businesses, we may not be successful in generating or increasing revenue from our digital businesses at the rate experienced in the last few years, due to increasing competition and current economic conditions. If we are not successful in maintaining or growing revenues from our digital businesses to offset continued or accelerating declines in revenues from our print products, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected.

Decreases, or slow growth, in circulation adversely affect our circulation and advertising revenues.

Advertising and circulation revenues are affected by circulation and readership levels of our newspaper properties. Competition for circulation and readership is generally based upon format, content, quality, service and price. In recent years, our newspaper properties, and the newspaper industry as a whole, have experienced difficulty maintaining or increasing print circulation volume. This is due to, among other factors, increased competition from new media formats and sources other than traditional newspapers (often free to users), declining discretionary spending by consumers affected by negative economic conditions, high subscription and newsstand rates, and a growing preference among some consumers to receive all or a portion of their news other than from a newspaper. These factors could also affect our ability to institute circulation price increases for our print products.

 – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.9

A prolonged decline in circulation copies would have a material effect on the rate and volume of advertising revenues (as rates reflect circulation and readership, among other factors). To maintain our circulation base, we may incur additional costs, and we may not be able to recover these costs through circulation and advertising revenues. We have sought to reduce our other-paid circulation and to focus promotional spending on individually paid circulation, which is generally more valued by advertisers. If those promotional efforts are unsuccessful, we may see further declines.

Seasonal variations cause our quarterly advertising revenues to fluctuate.

Advertising spending is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters and lower in the first and third quarters as consumer activity slows during those periods. If a short-term negative impact on our business were to occur during a time of high seasonal demand, there could be a disproportionate effect on the operating results of that business for the year.

The success of our business depends substantially on our reputation as a provider of quality journalism and content.

We believe that our products have excellent reputations for quality journalism and content. These reputations are based in part on consumer perceptions and could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust. To the extent consumers perceive the quality of our content to be less reliable, our ability to attract readers and advertisers may be hindered.

The proliferation of consumer digital media, mostly available at no cost, challenges the traditional media model, in which quality journalism has primarily been supported by print advertising revenues. If consumers fail to differentiate our content from other content providers, on the Internet or otherwise, we may experience a decline in revenues.

Changes in our credit ratings and macroeconomic conditions may affect our borrowing costs, limit our financing options and reduce the flexibility of our financing in the future.

Our long-term debt is rated by Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. We are currently rated below-investment grade by both rating agencies, and any future long-term borrowings or the extension or replacement of our short-term borrowing facilities will reflect the negative impact of these ratings, increasing our borrowing costs, limiting our financing options, including limiting our access to the unsecured borrowing market, and subjecting us to more restrictive covenants than our existing debt arrangements. Additional reductions in our credit ratings could further increase our borrowing costs, subject us to more onerous terms and reduce our borrowing flexibility in the future. Such limitations on our financing options may affect our ability to refinance existing debt or fund major new acquisitions or capital intensive internal initiatives.

In addition, deteriorating economic conditions, including a recession, market disruptions, tightened credit markets and significantly wider corporate borrowing spreads, may make it more difficult or costly for us to finance significant transactions or obtain replacement financing for our existing debt.

If we are unable to execute cost-control measures successfully, our total operating costs may be greater than expected, which may adversely affect our profitability.

We have taken steps to lower our costs by reducing staff and employee benefits, implementing general cost-control measures, and expect to continue these cost-control efforts. If we do not achieve expected savings as a result or if our operating costs increase as a result of our strategic initiatives, our total operating costs may be greater than anticipated. Although we believe that appropriate steps have been and are being taken to implement cost-control efforts, if not managed properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products and our ability to generate future revenue. Reductions in staff and employee compensation and benefits could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. In addition, we operate with significant operating leverage. Significant portions of our expenses are fixed costs that neither increase nor decrease proportionately with revenues. As a result, we are limited in our ability to reduce costs in the short term. If we are not able to implement further cost control efforts or reduce our fixed costs sufficiently in response to a decline in our revenues, we may experience a higher percentage decline in our income from continuing operations.

A significant increase in the price of newsprint, or limited availability of newsprint supply, would have an adverse effect on our operating results.

The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented 9% of our total costs in 2008. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and may increase as a result of various factors, including:

–
  consolidation in the North American newsprint industry, which has reduced the number of suppliers;

 P.10 2008 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors

–
  declining newsprint supply as a result of paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper; and

–
  the adverse impact on supplier profitability, due to various factors, including increases in significant operating expenses, such as raw material and energy costs, and a stronger Canadian dollar, which adversely affects Canadian suppliers, whose costs are incurred in Canadian dollars but whose newsprint sales are priced in U.S. dollars.

In addition, we rely on our suppliers for deliveries of newsprint. The availability of our newsprint supply may be affected by various factors, including strikes and other disruptions that may affect deliveries of newsprint.

If newsprint prices increase significantly or we experience significant disruptions in the availability of our newsprint supply in the future, our operating results will be adversely affected.

A significant number of our employees are unionized, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations.

More than 40% of our full-time work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively. Although we have in place long-term contracts for a substantial portion of our unionized work force, our results could be adversely affected if future labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. If we were to experience labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise or if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, our ability to produce and deliver our most significant products could be impaired. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to control compensation and benefits costs, rebalance our portfolio of businesses or otherwise adapt to changing business needs may be limited by the terms of our collective bargaining agreements.

We may buy or sell different properties as a result of our evaluation of our portfolio of businesses. Such acquisitions or divestitures would affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position.

From time to time, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio of businesses and may, as a result, buy or sell different properties. These acquisitions or divestitures affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. We may also consider the acquisition of specific properties or businesses that fall outside our traditional lines of business if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive.

Each year, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio in connection with annual impairment testing, and we may record a non-cash charge if the financial statement carrying value of an asset is in excess of its estimated fair value. Fair value could be adversely affected by changing market conditions within our industry. An impairment charge would adversely affect our reported earnings.

Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in integrating acquired operations, diversions of management resources, debt incurred in financing these acquisitions (including the related possible reduction in our credit ratings and increase in our cost of borrowing), differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. Competition for certain types of acquisitions, particularly Internet properties, is significant. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not to advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets.

Divestitures also have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition, current economic conditions may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful sales efforts. Expected costs savings, which are offset by revenue losses from divested businesses, may also be difficult to achieve or maximize due to our fixed cost structure.

From time to time, we make non-controlling minority investments in private entities. We may have limited voting rights and an inability to influence the direction of such entities. Therefore, the success of these ventures may be dependent upon the efforts of our partners, fellow investors and licensees. These investments are generally illiquid, and the absence of a market inhibits our ability to dispose of them. If the value of the companies in which we invest declines, we may be required to take a charge to earnings.

Sustained increases in costs of providing pension and employee health and welfare benefits may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Employee benefits, including pension expense, account for approximately 8% of our total operating costs. As a result, our profitability is significantly 

Risk Factors – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.11

affected by costs of pension benefits and other employee benefits. We have funded, qualified non-contributory defined benefit retirement plans that cover substantially all employees, and non-contributory unfunded supplemental executive retirement plans that supplement the coverage available to certain executives. Two significant elements in determining pension income or pension expense are the discount rate used in projecting benefit obligations and the expected return on plan assets. A lower discount rate driven by lower interest rates would increase our pension expense by increasing the calculated value of our liabilities. If our expected return on plan assets is not achieved, as was the case in 2008 because of significant declines in the equity markets, our pension expense and cash contributions to the pension plans would increase. In 2008, as a result of significant equity declines, our qualified pension plans moved from a fully funded to underfunded status. If the equity markets do not sufficiently recover, the discount rate does not increase or there is no legislative relief, we will be obligated to make substantial contributions in future years to fund this deficiency. A significant increase in our obligation to make contributions to our pension plans would reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, and may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Due to our participation in multi-employer plans, we may have exposures under those plans that extend beyond what our obligations would be with respect to our employees.

We participate in various multi-employer pension plans that cover our union employees. We make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. Contributions to these funds could increase as a result of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies who currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. In addition, in the event that we withdraw or partially withdraw from participation in one of these multi-employer plans, applicable law could require us to make additional contributions to the plans. Our withdrawal liability for any multi-employer plan will depend on the extent of that plan's funding of vested benefits. If a multi-employer plan is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities, such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability.

We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights upon which our business relies, and if we lose intellectual property protection, our assets may lose value.

Our business depends on our intellectual property, including our valuable brands, content, services and internally developed technology, which we attempt to protect through a combination of copyright, trade secret, patent and trademark law and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements. We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our continued success and our competitive position.

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our content, services, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these rights. In addition, laws may vary from country to country and it may be more difficult to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights in some foreign jurisdictions or in a cost-effective manner. If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business may suffer. If we must litigate in the United States or elsewhere to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, such litigation may be costly and divert the attention of our management.

Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control.

We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to vote, with holders of Class B Common Stock, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds approximately 89% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, trustees are directed to retain the Class B 

P. 12 2008 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors

Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected.

Regulatory developments may result in increased costs.

All of our operations are subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Due to the wide geographic scope of its operations, the IHT is subject to regulation by political entities throughout the world. In addition, our Web sites are available worldwide and are subject to laws regulating the Internet both within and outside the United States. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply.