You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks or by other risks that we currently cannot identify.

All of our businesses face substantial competition for advertisers.

Most of our revenues are from advertising. We face formidable competition for advertising revenue in our various markets from free and paid newspapers, magazines, Web sites, television and radio, other forms of media, direct marketing and the Yellow Pages. Competition from these media and services affects our ability to attract and retain advertisers and consumers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates.

This competition has intensified as a result of digital media technologies. Distribution of news, entertainment and other information over the Internet, as well as through mobile phones and other devices, continues to increase in popularity. These technological developments are increasing the number of media choices available to advertisers and audiences. As media audiences fragment, we expect advertisers to allocate larger portions of their advertising budgets to digital media, such as Web sites and search engines, which can offer more measurable returns than traditional print media through pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted advertising.

In recent years, Web sites that feature help wanted, real estate and/or automobile advertising have become competitors of our newspapers and Web sites for classified advertising, contributing to significant declines in print advertising. We may experience greater competition from specialized Web sites in other areas, such as travel and entertainment advertising. Some of these competitors may have more expertise in a particular advertising category, and within such category, larger advertiser or user bases, and more brand recognition or technological features than we offer.

We are aggressively developing online offerings, both through internal growth and acquisitions. However, while the amount of advertising on our Web sites has continued to increase, we will experience a decline in advertising revenues if we are unable to attract advertising to our Web sites in volumes sufficient to offset declines in print advertising, for which rates are generally higher than for Internet advertising.

We have placed emphasis on building our digital businesses. Failure to fulfill this undertaking would adversely affect our brands and businesses prospects.

Our growth depends to a significant degree upon the development of our digital businesses. In order for our digital businesses to grow and succeed over the long-term, we must, among other things:

–
  significantly increase our online traffic and revenue;

–
  attract and retain a base of frequent visitors to our Web sites;

–
  expand the content, products and tools we offer in our Web sites;

–
  respond to competitive developments while maintaining a distinct brand identity;

–
  attract and retain talent for critical positions;

–
  maintain and form relationships with strategic partners to attract more consumers;

–
  continue to develop and upgrade our technologies; and

–
  bring new product features to market in a timely manner.

We cannot assure that we will be successful in achieving these and other necessary objectives. If we are not successful in achieving these objectives, our business, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected.

Part I – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.9

Our Internet advertising revenues depend in part on our ability to generate traffic.

Our ability to attract advertisers to our Web sites depends partly on our ability to generate traffic to our Web sites, especially in categories of information being particularly sought by Internet advertisers, and partly on the rate at which users click through on advertisements. Advertising revenues from our Web sites may be negatively affected by fluctuations or decreases in our traffic levels.

The Web sites of the About Group, including About.com, ConsumerSearch.com, UCompareHealthCare.com and Calorie-Count.com, rely on search engines for a substantial amount of their traffic. For example, we estimate that approximately 70% of About.com's traffic is generated through search engines, while an estimated 25% of its users enter through its home and channel pages and 5% come from links from other Web sites and blogs. Our other Web sites also rely on search engines for traffic, although to a lesser degree than the Web sites of the About Group. Search engines (including Google, the primary search engine directing traffic to the Web sites of the About Group and many of our other sites) may, at any time, decide to change the algorithms responsible for directing search queries to Web pages. Such changes could lead to a significant decrease in traffic and, in turn, Internet advertising revenues.

New technologies could block our advertisements, which could adversely affect our operating results.

New technologies have been developed, and are likely to continue to be developed, that can block the display of our advertisements. Most of our Internet advertising revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of advertisements. As a result, advertisement-blocking technology could in the future adversely affect our operating results.

Decreases, or slow growth, in circulation adversely affect our circulation and advertising revenues.

Advertising and circulation revenues are affected by circulation and readership levels. Our newspaper properties, and the newspaper industry as a whole, are experiencing difficulty maintaining and increasing print circulation and related revenues. This is due to, among other factors, increased competition from new media formats and sources other than traditional newspapers (often free to users), and shifting preferences among some consumers to receive all or a portion of their news other than from a newspaper. These factors could affect our ability to institute circulation price increases for our print products.

A prolonged decline in circulation copies would have a material effect on the rate and volume of advertising revenues (as rates reflect circulation and readership, among other factors). To maintain our circulation base, we may incur additional costs, and we may not be able to recover these costs through circulation and advertising revenues. We have sought to reduce our other-paid circulation and to focus promotional spending on individually paid circulation, which is generally more valued by advertisers. If those promotional efforts are unsuccessful, we may see further declines.

Difficult economic conditions in the United States, the regions in which we operate or specific economic sectors could adversely affect the profitability of our businesses.

National and local economic conditions, particularly in the New York City and Boston metropolitan regions, as well as in Florida and California, affect the levels of our retail, national and classified advertising revenue. Negative economic conditions in these and other markets could adversely affect our level of advertising revenues and an unanticipated downturn or a failure of market conditions to improve, such as in Florida and California as a result of the recent downturn in the housing markets, could adversely affect our performance.

Our advertising revenues are affected by economic and competitive changes in significant advertising categories. These revenues may be adversely affected if key advertisers change their advertising practices, as a result of shifts in spending patterns or priorities, structural changes, such as consolidations, or the cessation of operations. Help wanted, real estate and automotive classified listings, which are important categories at all of our newspaper properties, have declined as less expensive or free online alternatives have proliferated and as a result of economic changes, such as the recent local and nationwide downturn in the housing markets.

The success of our business depends substantially on our reputation as a provider of quality journalism and content.

We believe that our products have excellent reputations for quality journalism and content. These reputations are based in part on consumer perceptions and could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust. To the extent consumers perceive the 

P. 10 2007 ANNUAL REPORT – Part I

quality of our content to be less reliable, our ability to attract readers and advertisers may be hindered.

The proliferation of consumer digital media, mostly available at no cost, challenges the traditional media model, in which quality journalism has primarily been supported by print advertising revenues. If consumers fail to differentiate our content from other content providers, on the Internet or otherwise, we may experience a decline in revenues.

Seasonal variations cause our quarterly advertising revenues to fluctuate.

Advertising spending, which principally drives our revenue, is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters and lower in the first and third fiscal quarters as consumer activity slows during those periods. If a short-term negative impact on our business were to occur during a time of high seasonal demand, there could be a disproportionate effect on the operating results of that business for the year.

Our potential inability to execute cost-control measures successfully could result in total operating costs that are greater than expected.

We have taken steps to lower our costs by reducing staff and employee benefits and implementing general cost-control measures, and we expect to continue cost-control efforts. If we do not achieve expected savings as a result or if our operating costs increase as a result of our growth strategy, our total operating costs may be greater than anticipated. Although we believe that appropriate steps have been and are being taken to implement cost-control efforts, if not managed properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products and our ability to generate future revenue. In addition, reductions in staff and employee benefits could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees.

The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a significant increase would have an adverse effect on our operating results.

The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented 9% of our total costs in 2007. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and may increase as a result of various factors, including:

–
  consolidation in the North American newsprint industry, which has reduced the number of suppliers;

–
  declining newsprint supply as a result of paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper; and

–
  a strengthening Canadian dollar, which has adversely affected Canadian suppliers, whose costs are incurred in Canadian dollars but whose newsprint sales are priced in U.S. dollars.

Our operating results would be adversely affected if newsprint prices increased significantly in the future.

A significant number of our employees are unionized, and our results could be adversely affected if labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations.

Approximately 47% of our full-time work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively. Although we have in place long-term contracts for a substantial portion of our unionized work force, our results could be adversely affected if future labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. If we were to experience labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise or if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, our ability to produce and deliver our most significant products could be impaired. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to control compensation and benefits costs is limited by the terms of our collective bargaining agreements.

There can be no assurance of the success of our efforts to develop new products and services for evolving markets due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.

There are substantial uncertainties associated with our efforts to develop new products and services for evolving markets, and substantial investments may be required. These efforts are to a large extent dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The success of these ventures will be determined by our efforts, and in some cases by those of our partners, fellow investors and licensees. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as the development of competitive alternatives, rapid technological change, regulatory changes and shifting market preferences, may cause new markets to move in unanticipated directions. Some of our existing competitors and 

 Part I – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.11

possible additional entrants may also have greater operational, financial, strategic, technological, personnel or other resources than we do. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or attracting and retaining users or advertisers, then our revenues could decline.

We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights upon which our business relies, and if we lose intellectual property protection, our assets may lose value.

We own valuable brands and content, which we attempt to protect through a combination of copyright, trade secret, patent and trademark law and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements. We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our continued success and our competitive position.

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our services, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these rights. In addition, laws may vary from country to country and it may be more difficult to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights in some foreign jurisdictions or in a cost-effective manner. If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, then we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business may suffer.

We may buy or sell different properties as a result of our evaluation of our portfolio of businesses. Such acquisitions or divestitures would affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position.

From time to time, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio of businesses and may, as a result, buy or sell different properties. These acquisitions or divestitures affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. We may also consider the acquisition of specific properties or businesses that fall outside our traditional lines of business if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive.

Each year, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio in connection with annual impairment testing, and we may record a non-cash charge if the financial statement carrying value of an asset is in excess of its estimated fair value. Fair value could be adversely affected by changing market conditions within our industry.

Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in integrating acquired operations, diversions of management resources, debt incurred in financing these acquisitions (including the related possible reduction in our credit ratings and increase in our cost of borrowing), differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. Competition for certain types of acquisitions, particularly Internet properties, is significant. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not to advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets.

Divestitures also have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification.

From time to time, we make non-controlling minority investments in private entities. We may have limited voting rights and an inability to influence the direction of such entities. Therefore, the success of these ventures may be dependent upon the efforts of our partners, fellow investors and licensees. These investments are generally illiquid, and the absence of a market inhibits our ability to dispose of them. If the value of the companies in which we invest declines, we may be required to take a charge to earnings.

Changes in our credit ratings and macroeconomic conditions may affect our borrowing costs.

Our short- and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These investment-grade credit ratings afford us lower borrowing rates in the commercial paper markets, revolving credit agreements and in connection with senior debt offerings. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, the credit rating agencies require us to meet certain financial performance ratios. Increased debt levels and/or decreased earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings, which, in turn, could impede access to the debt markets, reduce the total amount of commercial paper we could issue, raise our commercial paper borrowing costs and/or raise our long-term debt borrowing rates, including under our revolving credit agreements, which bear interest at specified margins based on our credit ratings. Our ability to use debt to fund major new acquisitions or capital intensive internal initiatives will also be limited to the extent we seek to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for our 

P. 12 2007 ANNUAL REPORT – Part I

debt. In addition, changes in the financial and equity markets, including market disruptions and significant interest rate fluctuations, may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or it may increase the cost of obtaining financing.

Sustained increases in costs of providing pension and employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability.

Employee benefits, including pension expense, account for approximately 9% of our total operating costs. As a result, our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension benefits and other employee benefits. We have funded, qualified non-contributory defined benefit retirement plans that cover substantially all employees, and non-contributory unfunded supplemental executive retirement plans that supplement the coverage available to certain executives. Two significant elements in determining pension income or pension expense are the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate used in projecting benefit obligations. Large declines in the stock or bond markets would lower our rates of return and could increase our pension expense and cause additional cash contributions to the pension plans. In addition, a lower discount rate driven by lower interest rates would increase our pension expense by increasing the calculated value of our liabilities.

Our Class B stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control.

We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to vote, with Class B common stockholders, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds 88% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, trustees are directed to retain the Class B Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected.

Regulatory developments may result in increased costs.

All of our operations are subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Due to the wide geographic scope of its operations, the IHT is subject to regulation by political entities throughout the world. In addition, our Web sites are available worldwide and are subject to laws regulating the Internet both within and outside the United States. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply.