You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed
immaterial, that may adversely affect us in the future. 

Economic weakness and uncertainty in the United States, in the
regions in which we operate and in key advertising categories has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our advertising revenues. 

Advertising spending, which drives a significant portion of our revenues, is sensitive to economic conditions. National and local economic conditions, particularly in the New York City and Boston
metropolitan regions, as well as in Florida, affect the levels of our national, retail and classified advertising revenue. Economic factors that have adversely affected advertising revenue include weakened consumer and business spending, high
unemployment, declining home sales and other challenges affecting the economy. Our advertising revenues are particularly adversely affected if advertisers respond to weak economic conditions by reducing their budgets or shifting spending patterns or
priorities, or if they are forced to consolidate or cease operations. Continuing weak economic conditions and outlook would adversely affect our level of advertising revenues and our business, financial condition and results of operations.

All of our businesses face substantial competition for advertisers and audiences. 

We face substantial competition for advertising revenue in our various markets from free and paid newspapers, magazines, Web sites,
television, radio, other forms of media, direct marketing and the Yellow Pages. Competition for advertising is generally based on audience levels and demographics, price, service and advertising results. It has intensified both as a result of the
continued development and fragmentation of digital media and adverse economic conditions. Competition from all of these media and services affects our ability to attract and retain advertisers and consumers and to maintain or increase our
advertising rates. 

Our reputations for quality journalism and content are important in competing for
advertising revenue in this environment. These reputations are based on consumer and advertiser perceptions. If they are perceived as less reliable or are otherwise damaged or if consumers fail to differentiate our content from other content
providers on the Internet or otherwise, we may experience a decline in revenues. 

The increasing popularity of digital
media and the progressing shift in consumer habits and advertising expenditures from traditional to digital media may adversely affect our revenues if we are unable to successfully grow our digital businesses. 

Web sites and applications for mobile devices distributing news and other content continue to gain popularity. As a result, audience
attention and advertising spending have shifted and may continue to shift from traditional media forms to the Internet and other digital media. We expect that advertisers will continue to allocate greater portions of their budgets to digital media,
which can offer more measurable returns than traditional print media through pay for performance and keyword-targeted advertising. This secular shift has intensified competition for advertising in traditional media and has contributed to and may
continue to contribute to a decline in print advertising. 

In addition, as audience attention is increasingly
focused on digital media, circulation of our newspapers may be adversely affected, which may decrease circulation revenue and exacerbate declines in print advertising. If we are not successful in growing our digital businesses to offset declines in
revenues from our print products, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected. 

If we are
unable to retain and grow our digital audience and advertiser base, our digital businesses will be adversely affected. 

The increasing number of digital media options available on the Internet, through mobile devices and through social networking tools is expanding consumer choice significantly. As a result, we may not be able to increase our online traffic
sufficiently and retain a base of frequent visitors to our Web sites and applications on mobile devices. 

If
traffic levels decline or stagnate, we may not be able to create sufficient advertiser interest in our digital businesses and to maintain or increase the advertising rates of the inventory on our Web sites. Even if we maintain traffic levels, the
market position of our brands may not be sufficient to counteract the significant downward pressure on advertising

 – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY      
P.9   

Table of Contents

rates that the marketplace has experienced as a result of a significant increase in inventory. We may also be adversely affected if the use of technology developed to block the display of
advertising on Web sites proliferates. 

Online traffic is also driven by Internet search results, including
search results provided by Google, the primary search engine directing traffic to the Web sites of the About Group and many of our other sites. Our digital businesses may be negatively affected if search engines change the methods for directing
search queries to Web pages. Cost-per-click revenue of the About Group is principally derived from an arrangement with Google. Adverse developments affecting Google’s ability to place third-party advertising on the About Group’s Web sites
may have an adverse effect on the About Group’s business, financial condition and prospects. 

Faced with a
multitude of media choices and a dramatic increase in accessible information, consumers are favoring personalized, up-to-the minute sources of news in custom-targeted formats. The increasing popularity of news aggregation Web sites and customized
news feeds may reduce our traffic levels by creating a disincentive for the audience to visit our Web sites or use our digital applications. In addition, the presentation of some of our content in aggregation with other content may lead audiences to
fail to appreciate the full depth of the products and services we offer and to distinguish our content from the content of other providers. 

If, as a result, we are unable to maintain and grow our digital audience, our digital businesses will be adversely affected. 

The dynamic and evolving digital environment presents multiple challenges that could adversely affect our efforts to further develop our digital businesses. 

Our digital businesses operate in a highly dynamic and rapidly evolving competitive environment in which consumer demand moves in
unanticipated directions due to the evolution of competitive alternatives, rapid technological change and regulatory developments. 

As mobile phones and other devices are becoming increasingly important alternatives to computer Internet access, the expectations and preferences of our audience may change further. Our digital businesses
will only succeed if we manage to exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors while developing new forms of content that provide optimal user experiences. 

We announced in January 2010 that we will introduce a paid model for NYTimes.com at the beginning of 2011 with the intention
to create a second revenue stream while preserving NYTimes.com’s robust advertising business. Our ability to build an online subscriber base depends on market acceptance, the timely development of an adequate online infrastructure and other
factors that are required to derive significant online subscription revenue from the paid model. Traffic levels may stagnate or decline as a result of the implementation of the paid model, which may adversely affect NYTimes.com’s advertiser
base and advertising rates and result in a decline in online revenues. 

Technological developments and any
changes we make to our business model may require significant capital investments. We may be limited in our ability to invest funds and resources in digital opportunities and we may incur costs of research and development in building and maintaining
the necessary and continually evolving technology infrastructure. It may also be difficult to attract and retain talent for critical positions. Some of our existing competitors and possible additional entrants may have greater operational, financial
and other resources or may otherwise be better positioned to compete for opportunities and as a result, our digital businesses may be less successful. 

We may not be able to maintain and form strategic relationships to attract more consumers, which depend on the efforts of our partners, fellow investors and licensees that may be beyond our control.

If we cannot address all the challenges we face in the continued development of our digital businesses in this
environment, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected. 

Decreases in circulation
volume adversely affect our circulation and advertising revenues. 

Advertising and circulation revenues are affected by
circulation and readership levels of our newspaper properties. Competition for circulation and readership is generally based upon format, content, quality, service and price. In recent years, our newspaper properties, and the newspaper industry as a
whole, have experienced declining print circulation volume. This is due to, among other factors, increased competition from new media formats and sources other than traditional newspapers (often free to users),

P.10

      2009 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

declining discretionary spending by consumers affected by weak economic conditions, high subscription and newsstand rates, and a growing preference among some consumers to receive all or a
portion of their news other than from a newspaper. We have also experienced volume declines as a result of our strategy to reduce other-paid circulation to focus promotional spending on individually paid circulation, which is generally more
profitable, and the implementation of circulation price increases at many of our newspaper properties. If these or other factors result in a prolonged decline in circulation volume, the rate and volume of advertising revenues may be adversely
affected (as rates reflect circulation and readership, among other factors). Circulation revenue may also be adversely affected if higher subscription and newsstand prices are not sufficient to offset volume declines. 

Events with short-term negative impact may have a disproportionate effect if they occur during a time of high seasonal demand.

Our businesses have historically experienced second and fourth quarter advertising volume that is generally higher
than the first and third quarter volume because of lower economic activity during the winter and summer. If an event with short-term negative impact on our business were to occur during a time of high seasonal demand, there could be a
disproportionate effect on the operating results of that business for the year. 

Changes in our credit ratings or
macroeconomic conditions may affect our liquidity, increasing borrowing costs and limiting our financing options. 

Our
long-term debt is currently rated below investment grade by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service. If our credit ratings remain below investment grade or are lowered further, borrowing costs for future long-term debt or
short-term borrowing facilities may increase and our financing options, including our access to the unsecured borrowing market, will be more limited. We may also be subject to additional restrictive covenants that would reduce our flexibility. In
addition, macroeconomic conditions, such as continued or increased volatility or disruption in the credit markets, would adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt or obtain additional financing to support operations or to fund new
acquisitions or capital intensive internal initiatives. 

If we are unable to execute cost-control measures successfully, our total operating costs may be greater than expected, which may adversely affect our profitability. 

We have significantly reduced operating costs by reducing staff and employee benefits and implementing general cost-control measures across the Company, and expect to continue these
cost-control efforts. If we do not achieve expected savings or our operating costs increase as a result of our strategic initiatives, our total operating costs may be greater than anticipated. In addition, if our cost-reduction strategy is not
managed properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products and our ability to generate future revenue. Reductions in staff and employee compensation and benefits could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees.

In addition, we operate with significant operating leverage. Significant portions of our expenses are fixed
costs that neither increase nor decrease proportionately with revenues. If we are not able to implement further cost control efforts or reduce our fixed costs sufficiently in response to a decline in our revenues, we may experience a higher
percentage decline in our income from continuing operations. 

Sustained increases in 

costs of providing
pension and employee health and welfare benefits and the underfunded status of our pension plans may adversely 

affect our operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Employee wages and benefits, including pension expense, account for approximately 43% of our total operating costs. As a result, our profitability is significantly affected by
costs of pension benefits and other employee benefits. Factors beyond our control, including the interest rate environment and returns on plan assets, affect our pension expense and may increase our funding obligations. Our qualified pension
plans were underfunded as of the January 1, 2010 valuation date and we expect to make substantial contributions in the future to fund this deficiency. If interest rates remain low, investment returns are below expectations, or there is no
further legislative relief, those contributions may be higher than currently anticipated. As a result, we may have less cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, which may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial
condition and liquidity. 

Risk Factors – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY      
P.11 

Table of Contents

A significant number of our employees are unionized, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if labor
negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 

More than
40% of our full-time equivalent work force are unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively. Our results could be adversely affected if
future labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. If we were to experience labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or
otherwise or if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, our ability to produce and deliver our most significant products could be impaired. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to control compensation and
benefits costs, rebalance our portfolio of businesses or otherwise adapt to changing business needs may be limited by the terms of our collective bargaining agreements. 

Due to our participation in multiemployer pension plans, we have exposures under those plans that may extend beyond what our obligations would be with respect to our employees. 

We participate in, and make periodic contributions to, various multiemployer pension plans that cover many of our union employees. Our
required contributions to these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to
pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. 

We incurred significant pension withdrawal liabilities in 2009 in connection with amendments to various collective bargaining agreements affecting certain multiemployer pension plans and the closure of City & Suburban, which
resulted in the partial or complete cessation of contributions to certain multiemployer plans. We may be required to make additional contributions under applicable law with respect to those plans or other multiemployer pension plans from which we
may withdraw or partially withdraw. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer pension plan will depend on the extent of that plan’s funding of vested benefits. If a multiemployer pension plan in which we participate is reported to have
significant underfunded liabilities, such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. 

A
significant increase in the price of newsprint, or limited availability of newsprint supply, would have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented approximately 7% of our total operating costs in 2009. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and may
increase as a result of various factors, including: 

—

 consolidation in the North American newsprint industry, which has reduced the number of suppliers; 

—

 declining newsprint supply as a result of paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper; and 

—

 other factors that adversely impact supplier profitability, including increases in operating expenses caused by raw material and energy costs, and a
rise in the value of the Canadian dollar, which adversely affects Canadian suppliers, whose costs are incurred in Canadian dollars but whose newsprint sales are priced in U.S. dollars. 

In addition, we rely on our suppliers for deliveries of newsprint. The availability of our newsprint supply may be affected
by various factors, including strikes and other disruptions that may affect deliveries of newsprint. 

If
newsprint prices increase significantly or we experience significant disruptions in the availability of our newsprint supply in the future, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

We may buy or sell different properties as a result of our evaluation of our portfolio of businesses. Such acquisitions or divestitures would affect our costs, revenues,
profitability and financial position. 

From time to time, we evaluate the various components of our portfolio of
businesses and may, as a result, buy or sell different properties. These acquisitions or divestitures affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. We may also consider the acquisition of specific properties or businesses that
fall outside our traditional lines of business if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive. 

Each year,
we evaluate the various components of our portfolio in connection with annual impairment testing, and we may be required to record a non-cash charge if the financial statement carrying value of an asset is in excess of its estimated

P.12

      2009 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

fair value. Fair value could be adversely affected by changing market conditions within our industry. An impairment charge would adversely affect our reported earnings. 

Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in integrating acquired operations, diversions of management resources,
debt incurred in financing these acquisitions (including the related possible reduction in our credit ratings and increase in our cost of borrowing), differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities and
other unanticipated problems and liabilities. Competition for certain types of acquisitions, particularly Internet properties, is significant. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not
to advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets. 

Divestitures
also have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses, unexpected costs associated
with the separation of the business to be sold from our integrated information technology systems and other operating systems, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition, current economic conditions may result in fewer
potential bidders and unsuccessful sales efforts. Expected cost savings, which are offset by revenue losses from divested businesses, may also be difficult to achieve or maximize due to our fixed cost structure. 

From time to time, we make noncontrolling minority investments in private entities. We may have limited voting rights and an
inability to influence the direction of such entities, although income from such investments may represent a significant portion of our income. Therefore, the success of these ventures may be dependent upon the efforts of our partners, fellow
investors and licensees. These investments are generally illiquid, and the absence of a market inhibits our ability to dispose of them. This inhibition as well as an inability to control the timing or process relating to a disposition could
adversely affect our liquidity and the value we may ultimately attain on a disposition. If the value of the companies in which we invest declines, we may be required to take a charge to earnings. 

We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights
upon which our business relies, and if we lose intellectual property protection, our assets may lose value. 

Our
business depends on our intellectual property, including our valuable brands, content, services and internally developed technology. We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our continued success
and our competitive position. 

Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our
content, services, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use
of these rights. 

Advancements in technology have exacerbated the risk by making it easier to duplicate and
disseminate content. In addition, as our business and the risk of misappropriation of our intellectual property rights have become more global in scope, we may not be able to protect our proprietary rights in a cost effective manner in a multitude
of jurisdictions with varying laws. 

If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property
rights, we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business may suffer. If we must litigate in the United States or elsewhere to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights
of others, such litigation may be costly and divert the attention of our management. 

Our Class B Common Stock is
principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control. 

We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to
vote, with holders of Class B Common Stock, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of
the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds approximately 90% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust
has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any

Risk Factors – THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY      
P.13 

Table of Contents

matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, the trustees are directed to retain the Class B Common Stock held in trust and to
vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of
such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our
Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. 

Legislative and regulatory developments may result in increased costs and lower advertising revenue from our digital businesses. 

All of our operations are subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Due to the wide geographic scope of its operations, the IHT is subject to regulation by political
entities throughout the world. In addition, our Web sites are available worldwide and are subject to laws regulating the Internet both within and outside the United States. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly
adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Advertising revenue from our digital businesses could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to the use of consumer data
in digital media. 

P.14

      2009 ANNUAL REPORT – Risk Factors 

Table of Contents