Risks
Relating to Our Industry 

We face intense competition and compete globally with a broad range of market participants
for listings and trading volumes. 

Our industry is highly competitive. We face significant competition for listings and
trading of cash equities, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, structured products, futures, options and other derivatives. We expect competition in our industry to intensify. Increased competition from existing and new competitors could cause
our exchanges to experience a decline in their share of listing and trading activity. Such a decline would mean that we would lose the associated transaction fees and proportionate share of market data fees, and could have increased pressure on our
fee levels in order to remain competitive. 

Recent trends towards the liberalization and globalization of world capital markets
have resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition among markets in different geographical areas. As a result, global competition among listing venues, trading markets and other
execution venues has become more intense. In addition, in the last several years the structure of the exchange sector has changed significantly through industry consolidation and demutualizations (in which an exchange converts from member ownership
to for-profit status), trends that have contributed to a more intense competitive environment. 

Our current and prospective
competitors are numerous and include both traditional and nontraditional trading venues. These include regulated markets, electronic communications networks and other alternative trading systems, multilateral trading facilities, market makers,
banks, brokers and other financial market participants. Some of these competitors are also among our largest customers. We also face significant and growing competition from financial institutions that have the ability to divert trading volumes from
us. For example, banks and brokers may assume the role of principal and act as counterparty to orders originating from their customers, thus “internalizing” order flow that would otherwise be transacted on one of our exchanges. Banks and
brokers may also enter into bilateral trading arrangements by matching their order flows, depriving our exchanges of potential trading volumes. We expect to face competition from new entrants into our markets, as well as from existing market
participants such as banks and liquidity providers who sponsor new initiatives. 

We compete with other market participants in a
variety of ways, including the cost, quality and speed of trade execution, market liquidity, functionality, ease of use and performance of trading systems, the range of products and services offered to customers and listed companies, and
technological innovation and reputation. Additionally, our competitors may consolidate and form alliances, which may give their markets greater liquidity, lower costs and better pricing than we will be able to offer, and allow them to better
leverage their relationships with customers and alliance partners or better exploit brand names to market and sell their services. 

Many of our current and prospective competitors have greater financial resources than we do, and many are subject to less burdensome regulation than we face. See “— Risks Relating to
Regulation — We may face competitive disadvantages if we do not receive necessary regulatory approvals for new business initiatives.” If we fail to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and operating results may be
adversely affected. For more information on the competitive environment in which we operate, see Item 1 — “Business.” 

Our industry is characterized by intense price competition. 

Our
industry is characterized by intense price competition. The pricing model for trade execution for equity securities has changed in response to competitive market conditions. In recent years, some of our competitors have engaged in aggressive pricing
strategies, including lowering the fees that they charge for taking liquidity and increasing the liquidity payments (or rebates) they provide as an incentive for providers of liquidity in certain markets. In addition, our listing fees are subject to
competitive pressures. It is likely that we will continue to experience significant pricing pressures, including as a result of continuing consolidations, and that some of our competitors will seek to increase their share of trading or listings by
further reducing their transaction fees, by offering larger liquidity payments or by offering other forms of financial or other incentives. We could lose a 

23 

Table of Contents

substantial percentage of our share of trading if we are unable to effectively compete on price, or our profit margins could decline if we reduce pricing in response. Some competitors, especially
those outside of the United States, have high profit margins in business areas in which we do not engage, which may enable them to execute these strategies. In addition, many internalization strategies are driven by a cost-saving or profit
incentive, thus further increasing the desire for our customers to avoid incurring fees on our exchanges. This environment could lead to loss of order flow and decreased revenues, and consequently could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Adverse economic conditions could negatively impact our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

General economic conditions affect the overall level of trading activity and new listings in
securities markets, which directly impact our operating results. A significant portion of our revenue depends, either directly or indirectly, on transaction-based fees that, in turn, depend on our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in
absolute terms and relative to other market centers. Adverse economic conditions may result in a decline in trading volume and demand for market data and a deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies, which may adversely affect our
revenues and future growth. Declines in volumes may impact our market share or pricing structures. 

We also generate a
significant portion of our revenues from listing fees. Poor economic conditions, industry-specific circumstances, capital market trends and regulatory requirements may also negatively impact new listings by reducing the number or size of securities
offerings. 

Global market and economic conditions have been difficult and volatile in recent years, in particular for financial
services companies that are our most significant customers. While volatile markets can generate increased transaction volume, prolonged recessionary conditions can adversely affect trading volumes and the demand for market data, and can lead to
slower collections of accounts receivable as well as increased counterparty risk. In the event of a significant and sustained decline in trading volumes, we would lose revenue, and our inability to quickly reduce infrastructure and overhead expenses
would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

During 2009 and 2010, companies in many
different industries found it difficult to borrow money from banks and other lending sources, and also experienced difficulty raising funds in the capital markets. While access to credit markets has improved, the upheaval in the credit markets
continues to impact the economy. While we have not experienced reductions in our borrowing capacity, lenders in general have taken actions that indicate their concerns regarding liquidity in the marketplace. These actions have included reduced
advance rates for certain security types, more stringent requirements for collateral eligibility and higher interest rates. Should lenders continue to take additional similar actions, the cost of conducting our business may increase and our ability
to implement our business initiatives could be limited. In addition, our ability to raise financing could be impaired if rating agencies, lenders or investors develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects, or of
prospects for our industry. 

During 2010, 2011, and the first months of 2012, European countries such as Greece, Ireland,
Portugal, Italy and Spain have been particularly affected by the recent financial and economic conditions. The EU, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund have prepared rescue packages for some of the affected countries. Other
Euro-zone countries have been forced to take actions to mitigate similar developments in their economies. We cannot predict with any certainty the consequences of these packages, other rescue plans or proposed actions, but their failure could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

Our share of trading in NYSE- and Euronext-listed securities has declined and may continue to decline. 

As a result of increasing competition, including from nontraditional trading venues and other competitors that are also among our largest
customers, our share of trading on a matched basis in NYSE-listed securities has 

24 

Table of Contents

declined from approximately 36% in 2010 to 35% in 2011. Our market share of Euronext-listed securities declined from approximately 73% in 2010 to 65% at the end of 2011. MTFs offer trading in the
securities listed on Euronext and other European regulated markets and compete directly with us for market share. Although our share of the market for NYSE- and Euronext-listed securities has stabilized somewhat, if our trading share continues to
decrease relative to our competitors, we may be less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity. This could further accelerate our loss of trading volume. Similarly, a lower trading share of NYSE- or Euronext-listed securities may
cause issuers to question the value of an NYSE or Euronext listing, which could adversely impact our listing business. If growth in our overall trading volume of NYSE- or Euronext-listed securities does not offset any significant decline in our
trading share, or if a decline in our trading share in NYSE- or Euronext-listed securities makes the NYSE or Euronext market appear less liquid, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, in the United States, the allocation of market data revenues among competing market centers is tied to trading share. A
decline in NYSE trading share lowers the percentage of the NMS tape pool revenues from the Consolidated Tape Association and Unlisted Trading Privileges that NYSE keeps. Declines in our trading share could also adversely affect the growth, viability
and importance of some of our market data products. 

Broad market trends and other factors beyond our control could
significantly reduce demand for our services and harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our
business, financial condition and operating results are highly dependent upon the levels of activity on our exchanges, and in particular upon the volume of financial instruments traded, the number and shares outstanding of listed issuers, the number
of new listings, the number of traders in the market and similar factors. Our financial condition and operating results are also dependent upon the success of our Information Services and Technology Solutions segment, which, in turn, is directly
dependent on the commercial well-being of our customers. Among other things, we depend more upon the relative attractiveness of the financial instruments traded on our exchanges, and the relative attractiveness of the exchanges as a market on which
to trade these financial instruments, as compared to other exchanges and trading platforms. We have no direct control over these variables. Instead, these variables are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in the United States,
Europe and elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including those described under “— Risks Relating to Our Industry — Adverse economic conditions could negatively impact our business, financial condition and
operating results” and factors such as: 

•

 broad trends in business and finance, including industry-specific circumstances, capital market trends and the mergers and acquisitions environment;

•

 terrorism and war; 

•

 concerns over inflation and the level of institutional or retail confidence; 

•

 changes in government monetary policy and foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital; 

•

 the availability of alternative investment opportunities; 

•

 changes in the level of trading activity; 

•

 changes and volatility in the prices of securities; 

•

 changes in tax policy (including transaction tax); 

•

 the level and volatility of interest rates; 

•

 legislative and regulatory changes, including the potential for regulatory arbitrage among regulated and unregulated markets if significant policy
differences emerge among markets; 

•

 the perceived attractiveness, or lack of attractiveness, of the U.S. or European capital markets; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 the outbreak of contagious disease pandemics or other public health emergencies in the regions in which we operate, which could decrease levels of
economic and market activities; and 

•

 unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading. 

If levels of activity on our exchanges are adversely affected by any of the factors described above or other factors beyond our control, then our business, financial condition and operating results could
also be adversely affected. 

If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings. 

Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we review our
amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually, and are also tested
when factors arise that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable, such as a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow
estimates, and slower growth rates in our businesses. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined. See
Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Impairment of Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Other Assets.” If impairment charges are incurred, our financial
condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

We face foreign currency exchange rate risk and other
market risks. 

Since we conduct operations in several different countries, including the United States and several
European countries, substantial portions of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, euros and pounds sterling. Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in
currency exchange rates can materially affect our reported results. We may also experience other market risks, including changes in interest rates and in prices of marketable equity securities that we own. We may use derivative financial instruments
to reduce certain of these risks. If our strategies to reduce these market risks are not successful, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Any strategic transactions that we undertake may require significant resources, result in significant unanticipated costs or liabilities or fail to deliver anticipated benefits. 

We have in the past and may continue to enter into business combination transactions, make acquisitions and enter into partnerships, joint
ventures and other strategic investments or alliances, some of which may be material. The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly competitive, particularly in light of consolidation in the exchange sector and existing or
potential future restrictions on foreign direct investments in some countries. Market conditions may limit our ability to use our stock as an acquisition currency. In addition, our bylaws require acquisitions, mergers and consolidations involving
more than 30% of our aggregate equity market capitalization or value (or, under certain circumstances, transactions involving an entity whose principal place of business is outside of the United States and Europe) to be approved by two-thirds of our
directors. These and other factors may adversely affect our ability to identify acquisition targets or strategic partners consistent with our objectives, or may make us less attractive as an acquirer or strategic partner. 

We cannot be sure that we will complete any business combination, acquisition, partnership, joint venture or strategic investment or
alliance that we announce. Completion of these transactions is usually subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, over which we have limited or no control. See, for example, Item 1 — “Business —
Terminated Business Combination” for a discussion of our recently terminated Business Combination Agreement with Deutsche Börse. 

Even if we do succeed in completing a transaction, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenses and may absorb significant attention of management that would
otherwise be available for the ongoing development of the business. In addition, in connection with any such transaction, we may issue shares of our stock that dilute our existing stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities
or incur other expenses, any of which could harm our business, financial condition or operating results. 

26 

Table of Contents

We cannot be sure that we will recognize the anticipated benefits of any transaction we
undertake, such as any expected cost savings, growth opportunities, synergies or improvements in our competitive profile. A variety of factors, including unanticipated difficulties integrating our existing technology platforms onto our Universal
Trading Platform, regulatory changes, competitive developments, labor conflicts and litigation, currency fluctuations and inflation, may adversely affect any anticipated cost savings, revenue potential or other anticipated benefits. The anticipated
benefits of a particular transaction may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. 

We cannot direct
the actions of strategic partners or joint ventures that we do not control. We are generally unable to cause dividends or distributions to be made to us from the entities in which we have a minority investment or to direct the management of such
entities. Some of our investments may entail particular risks, including the possibility that a partner, majority investor or co-venturer may have different interests or goals, and may take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or
business objectives, any and all of which could adversely impact our brand name and reputation. Also, our minority positions generally will be illiquid due to regulatory impediments to sale or because the market for them is limited. If we are unable
to successfully maximize the benefits of our strategic investments and joint ventures, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

We face risks when entering into or increasing our presence in markets where we do not currently compete or entering into new business lines. 

We may enter into or increase our presence in markets that already possess established competitors who may enjoy the protection of high
barriers to entry. Attracting customers in certain countries may also be subject to a number of risks, including currency exchange rate risk, difficulties in enforcing agreements or collecting receivables, longer payment cycles, compliance with the
laws or regulations of these countries, and political and regulatory uncertainties. We may also expand our presence or enter into newly developing arenas of competition, such as MTFs in Europe, where less regulated competitors exist and demand for
such services is subject to uncertainty. As a result, demand and market acceptance for our products and services within these markets will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. We may be unable to enter into or increase our presence
in these markets and compete successfully. 

We have also expanded into the commercial technology business through our
Information Services and Technology Solutions segment as a part of our business strategy. Our experience in this line of business is limited and demand and market acceptance for our products and services within this line of business will be subject
to a high degree of uncertainty and risk and we may be unable to compete successfully with more experienced market participants. 

Our business may be adversely affected by risks associated with clearing activities. 

Our U.K.-regulated derivatives subsidiary, the London Market of NYSE Liffe (for the purposes of this paragraph, “NYSE Liffe”), took full responsibility for clearing activities in our U.K.
derivatives market on July 30, 2009. As a result, NYSE Liffe became the central counterparty for contracts entered into by its clearing members on the NYSE Liffe market and outsources certain services to LCH.Clearnet through the NYSE Liffe
Clearing arrangement. NYSE Liffe has credit exposure to those clearing members. NYSE Liffe’s clearing members may encounter economic difficulties as a result of the continuing market turmoil, which could result in bankruptcy and failure. NYSE
Liffe offsets its credit exposure through arrangements with LCH.Clearnet in which LCH.Clearnet provides clearing guarantee backing and related risk functions to NYSE Liffe, and under which LCH.Clearnet is responsible for any defaulting member
positions and for applying its resources to the resolution of such a default. In addition, NYSE Liffe maintains policies and procedures to help ensure that its clearing members can satisfy their obligations, including by requiring members to meet
minimum capital and net worth requirements and to deposit collateral for their trading activity. Nevertheless, we cannot be sure that in extreme circumstances, LCH.Clearnet might not itself suffer difficulties, in which case these measures might not
prove sufficient to protect NYSE Liffe from a default, or might fail to ensure that NYSE Liffe is not materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default. See Item 1 — “Business —
Derivatives — NYSE Liffe Clearing.” 

27 

Table of Contents

We also entered into a joint venture with the DTCC to establish NYPC, which became
operational in the first quarter of 2011. NYPC currently clears fixed income futures traded on NYSE Liffe US and will have the ability to provide clearing services for other exchanges and Derivatives Clearing Organizations in the future. We have
agreed to make up to a $50 million financial guarantee as an additional contribution to the NYPC default fund, of which $25 million had been contributed as of December 31, 2011 and is held in escrow by NYPC, and will face clearing risks similar
to those we face with respect to NYSE Liffe Clearing. 

We may also in the future expand our clearing operations to other
markets and financial products, which would increase our exposure to these types of risks. For example, in May 2010, we announced plans to commence clearing our European securities and derivatives business through new, purpose-built clearing
facilities, having given notice to terminate the current out-sourcing arrangements with LCH.Clearnet SA in Paris for European cash and Continental European derivatives clearing. Although these standalone NYSE Euronext clearinghouse development plans
were put on hold following the announcement of the recently terminated Proposed Business Combination, we have re-launched this project and are reviewing the strategic options available to develop these clearing facilities. We have reached an
agreement to extend the termination date for the out-sourcing contract with LCH.Clearnet SA in Paris from December 2012 until June 2013 for derivatives and until December 2013 for cash, but if we are unsuccessful in building out these standalone
clearing facilities in a timely, effective or efficient manner prior to the termination of our existing out-sourcing contract, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

We operate in a business environment that continues to experience significant and rapid technological change. 

Technology is a key component of our business strategy, and we regard it as crucial to our success. We seek to offer market participants a
comprehensive suite of best-in-class technology solutions in a centralized environment, including successfully transitioning to our Universal Trading Platform on a global basis and implementing our global data center strategy. However, we operate in
a business environment that has undergone, and continues to experience, significant and rapid technological change. In recent years, electronic trading has grown significantly, and customer demand for increased choice of execution methods has
increased. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality, capacity, accessibility and features of our trading platforms, software, systems and technologies. Our success will depend, in part, on our
ability to: 

•

 develop and license leading technologies; 

•

 enhance existing trading platforms and services and create new platforms and services; 

•

 respond to customer demands, technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

•

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff to maintain and develop existing technology and to adapt to and manage emerging
technologies. 

The development and expansion of electronic trading and market data-related technologies
entail significant technological, financial and business risks. Any failure or delay in exploiting technology, or failure to exploit technology as effectively as competitors, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

The adoption of new technologies or market practices may require us to devote significant additional resources to
improve and adapt our services. For example, the growth of algorithmic and so called “black box trading” requires us to increase systems and network capacity to ensure that increases in message traffic can be accommodated without an
adverse effect on system performance. Keeping pace with these ever-increasing requirements can be expensive, and we cannot be sure that we will succeed in making these improvements to our technology infrastructure in a timely manner or at all. If we
are unable to anticipate and respond to the demand for new services, products and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis and to adapt to technological advancements and changing standards, we may be unable to compete effectively, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Moreover, we may incur substantial development, sales 

28 

Table of Contents

and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort to add new products or services to our trading platforms. Even after incurring these costs, we ultimately may not realize any, or
may realize only small amounts of, revenues for these new products or services. Consequently, if revenue does not increase in a timely fashion as a result of these expansion initiatives, the up-front costs associated with expansion may exceed
related revenues and reduce our working capital and income. 

Our reliance on third parties could adversely affect our
business if these third parties cease to perform the functions that they currently perform at NYSE Euronext. 

We rely
on third parties for certain clearing, regulatory and other services. For example, we are dependent on LCH.Clearnet to provide a clearing guarantee and manage related risk functions in connection with clearing on our European cash and derivatives
markets. We also rely on the services of Euroclear for settling transactions on our European cash markets (except in Portugal). FINRA performs the market surveillance and enforcement functions for our U.S. equities and options markets: NYSE,
NYSE Arca and NYSE Amex. Although NYSE Regulation oversees FINRA’s performance of regulatory services for our markets, and NYSE Regulation has retained staff associated with such responsibility as well as for rule development and
interpretations, regulatory policy, oversight of listed issuers’ compliance with applicable listing standards and real-time stockwatch reviews, we are significantly reliant on FINRA to perform these regulatory functions. We also depend on the
Consolidated Tape Association to oversee the dissemination of real-time trade and quote information in NYSE- and NYSE Amex-listed securities. To the extent that any of these third parties experiences difficulties, materially changes their business
relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform their obligations, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected. 

We also rely on members of our trading community to maintain markets and add liquidity, and in general, our business depends in part on the roles and activities conducted by other market participants,
including but not limited to issuers, broker-dealers and other financial institutions. See “—Risks Relating to Our Industry—Adverse economic conditions could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating
results.” Global market and economic conditions have been difficult and volatile in recent years, in particular for financial services companies. To the extent that any of our largest members, or other significant market participants on which
we rely, experiences difficulties, materially changes their business relationship with us, is unable to satisfy any financial or other obligation owed to us, or is unable for any reason to perform their market function, our business or our
reputation may be materially adversely affected. 

Insufficient systems capacity and systems failures could adversely
affect our business. 

Our business depends on the performance and reliability of complex computer and communications
systems. Heavy use of our platforms and order routing systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause our systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. Our U.S. systems capacity
requirements could grow significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including changes in the NYSE market and continued growth in our options trading business. Our failure to maintain systems or to ensure sufficient capacity may
also result in a temporary disruption of our regulatory and reporting functions. 

We have experienced systems failures in the
past, and it is possible that we will experience systems failures in the future. Systems failures could be caused by, among other things, periods of insufficient capacity or network bandwidth, power or telecommunications failures, acts of God or
war, terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events over which we have little or no control. We also rely on third parties
for systems support. Any interruption in these third-party services or deterioration in the performance of these services could also be disruptive to our business. In addition, our systems may be adversely affected by failures of other trading
systems, as a result of which we may be required to suspend trading activity in particular securities or, under certain circumstances, unwind trades. 

If we cannot expand system capacity to handle increased demand, or if our systems otherwise fail to perform and we experience disruptions in service, slower response times or delays in introducing new
products and services, then we could incur reputational damage, regulatory sanctions, litigation, loss of trading share, loss of trading volume and loss of revenues, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

29 

Table of Contents

Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to
security risks. 

The secure transmission of confidential information over public and other networks is a critical
element of our operations. Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other security problems. Persons who circumvent security measures could wrongfully access and use
our information or our customers’ information, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Our security measures are costly, and may prove to be inadequate. This could cause us to incur reputational damage, regulatory sanctions,
litigation, loss of trading share, loss of trading volume and loss of revenues, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. 

Given our position as the world’s leading market, our prominence in the global securities industry, and the concentration of many of
our properties and personnel in U.S. and European financial centers, including lower Manhattan, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations,
or other extremist organizations that employ threatening or harassing means to achieve their social or political objectives. 

It is impossible to predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack on the securities industry generally or on our business. In
the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, our security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. For
example, if part or all of our primary data center facilities become inoperable, our disaster recovery and business continuity planning practices may not be sufficient and we may experience a significant delay in resuming normal business operations.
Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of insurance coverage, and we may not be able to insure against some damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect
our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, terrorist attacks may cause instability or decreased trading in the securities markets, including trading on exchanges. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business. 

One of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. Our reputation could be harmed in many different ways, including
by regulatory, governance or technology failures or the activities of members or listed companies whom we do not control. Damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the trading
volume on our exchanges. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

A failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of
others, could adversely affect our business. 

We own or license rights to a number of trademarks, service marks, trade
names, copyrights and patents that we use in our business, including rights to use certain indexes as the basis for equity index derivatives products traded on our futures markets. To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a
combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, customers, strategic investors and others. The protective steps taken may be
inadequate to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately
could harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. Further, defending our intellectual property rights may require significant financial and managerial resources, the expenditure of which may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

Third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims against us, which may
be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. Some of our competitors currently own patents and have actively been filing patent
applications in recent years, some of which may relate to our trading platforms and business processes. As a result, we may face allegations that we have infringed or otherwise violated the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any
intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and 

30 

Table of Contents

could divert management resources and attention. Successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology or business processes where such use is found to
infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to significant litigation risks and other liabilities. 

Many aspects of our business involve litigation risks. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of
a securities trade or from claims that a system or operational failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, as well as potential liability from claims that we facilitated an unauthorized transaction or that we provided materially false or
misleading statements in connection with a transaction. Dissatisfied customers frequently make claims against their service providers regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or even fraud. Although aspects of
our business are protected by regulatory immunity, we could nevertheless be exposed to substantial liability under U.S. federal and state laws and court decisions, laws and court decisions in the other countries where we operate, as well as
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, CFTC or European and other regulators. We could incur significant expenses defending claims, even those without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us may require us
to pay substantial damages or impose restrictions on how we conduct business, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. For a discussion of certain legal claims against us, see
Item 8 — “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 16 — Commitments and Contingencies — Legal Matters.” 

Perceptions about the legal and regulatory environment in the United States may make it difficult for us to compete with non-U.S.
exchanges. 

Our U.S. exchanges compete for listings of securities of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies.
However, the legal and regulatory environment in the United States, and market perceptions about that environment, may make it difficult for our U.S. exchanges to compete with non-U.S. exchanges for listings. For example, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a stringent set of corporate governance, reporting and other requirements on both U.S. and non-U.S. companies with securities listed on a U.S. exchange. Significant resources are necessary for
companies to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and we believe this has had an adverse impact on the ability of our U.S. exchanges to attract and retain listings. Furthermore, as described under “— Risks Relating
to Regulation — We may be adversely affected by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,” the Dodd-Frank Act imposes new corporate governance requirements on U.S. listed companies, which may diminish the
relative attractiveness of a listing on a U.S. exchange and adversely affect the ability of our U.S. exchanges to attract and retain listings. The number of U.S. companies that have chosen to list shares exclusively on a
non-U.S. exchange has increased in recent years. At the same time, both U.S. and non-U.S. companies are increasingly seeking to access the U.S. capital markets through private transactions that do not involve listing on a
U.S. exchange, such as through Rule 144A transactions directed exclusively to mutual funds, hedge funds and other large institutional investors. 

The SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have taken steps to address some of these concerns through initiatives that include revisions to the rules relating to internal control over
financial reporting established under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, rules that facilitate the delisting and deregistration of securities issued by some non-U.S. companies, and rules that exempt some non-U.S. companies from
U.S. GAAP reconciliation requirements. It is unclear whether U.S. or non-U.S. companies will exhibit greater interest in accessing the U.S. public markets as a result of these changes. Moreover, the rules facilitating a
non-U.S. company’s ability to delist its securities and exit the U.S. public company reporting system may make it more difficult for us to retain listings of non-U.S. companies, and may diminish the perception of our
U.S. exchanges as premier listing venues, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

31 

Table of Contents

Provisions of our organizational documents may delay or deter a change of control.

Our organizational documents contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a
change of control, or an acquisition proposal, that our stockholders might consider favorable. These include provisions: 

•

 vesting our board of directors with sole power to set the number of directors; 

•

 limiting the persons that may call special stockholders’ meetings; 

•

 limiting stockholder action by written consent; 

•

 requiring supermajority stockholder approval with respect to certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

•

 restricting any person (either alone or together with its related persons) from voting or causing the voting of shares of stock representing more than
10% of our outstanding voting capital stock (including as a result of any agreement by any other persons not to vote shares of stock); and 

•

 restricting any person (either alone or together with its related persons) from beneficially owning shares of stock representing more than 20% of the
outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. 

In addition, our board of directors has the
authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights and preferences of these shares without stockholder approval. Any series of preferred stock is likely to be senior to our common stock with respect to dividends
and liquidation rights. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could have the effect of discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals, thus adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Securities and derivatives markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as the
factors listed below, could affect the market price of our common stock: 

•

 quarterly variations in our results of operations or the results of operations of our competitors; 

•

 changes in earnings estimates, investors’ perceptions, recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve analysts’ earnings
estimates or ratings downgrades; 

•

 the announcement of new products or service enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 announcements related to litigation; 

•

 potential acquisitions by us of, or of us by, other companies; 

•

 developments in our industry; and 

•

 general economic, market and political conditions and other factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our
competitors. 

Risks Relating to Regulation 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and other legal proceedings if we fail to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation. The securities industry is subject to extensive
governmental regulation and could become subject to increased regulatory scrutiny. As a matter of public policy, these regulations are designed to safeguard the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and to protect the interests of
investors in those markets. The SEC and CFTC regulate our U.S. exchanges and have broad powers to audit, investigate and enforce compliance with their rules and regulations and impose sanctions for non-compliance. European regulators have
similar powers with respect to our exchanges in their respective countries. As the scope of our business expands, we may also become subject to oversight by other regulators. In addition, as described below, there has been and may continue to be
increasing demand for more regulation and stricter oversight, which could cause excessive regulatory burdens. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules will largely depend on our establishment and maintenance of appropriate systems and
procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 

32 

Table of Contents

Both the U.S. regulators and the European regulators are vested with broad enforcement
powers over exchanges in their respective jurisdictions, including powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit an exchange from engaging in some of its operations or suspend or revoke an exchange’s recognition, license or
registration. In the case of actual or alleged noncompliance with regulatory requirements, our exchanges could be subject to investigations and administrative or judicial proceedings that may result in substantial penalties, including revocation of
an exchange’s recognition, license or registration. Any such investigation or proceeding, whether successful or unsuccessful, would result in substantial costs and diversions of resources and could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. Furthermore, action by any of our regulators requiring us to limit or otherwise change our operations, or prohibiting us from engaging in certain activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

We may be adversely affected by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

The Dodd-Frank Act, which was signed into law in July 2010, introduced significant changes in U.S. financial
legislation. Few provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act became effective immediately upon signing and many of its provisions require the adoption of regulations by various federal agencies and departments. Furthermore, the legislation contains substantial
ambiguities, many of which will not be resolved until regulations are adopted. As a result, it is difficult to predict all of the effects that the legislation will have on us. But we do expect it to affect our business in various and
potentially significant ways. For example: 

•

 NYPC, our joint venture derivatives clearing organization that became operational in the first quarter of 2011, is subject to heightened prudential
standards adopted by the CFTC and may eventually be subject to additional risk management standards prescribed by the CFTC in consultation with the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Federal Reserve for systemically important financial
market utilities. Such heightened regulatory oversight could result in NYPC incurring increased costs. 

•

 Certain of our subsidiaries that today are recognized but not directly regulated in the U.S. will be required to register with the CFTC. The
Dodd-Frank Act requires the CFTC to adopt position limits on the trading of certain futures, options on futures and swaps contracts and requires the SEC to establish position limits for security-based swaps as necessary. These products may trade
today or in the future on the facilities of certain of our subsidiaries. Such position limits could cause market participants to change their trading behavior and could result in our experiencing a loss of transaction-based revenue. On
November 18, 2011, the CFTC finalized a rule to impose such position limits. However, the rule is contingent on certain yet-to-be finalized definitions. Additionally, the CFTC rule is the subject of a pending lawsuit.

•

 The Dodd-Frank Act also provides regulators, such as the SEC, with enhanced examination and enforcement authorities, which could result in our
regulated subsidiaries incurring increased costs to respond to examinations or other regulatory inquiries. 

•

 The Dodd-Frank Act imposes new corporate governance requirements on U.S.-listed companies, which may diminish the relative attractiveness of a listing
on a U.S. exchange and adversely affect the ability of our U.S. exchanges to attract and retain listings. 

•

 Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires a group of regulatory agencies to jointly issue a rule (known as the Volcker Rule) that would, among
other things, ban federally insured depository institutions (banking institutions) from conducting any proprietary trading. However, as proposed, there has been increased concern that although there is an exemption for banking institutions who
conduct market making activities, the exemptions are too narrowly defined and may have the impact of decreasing the level of market making conducted by banking institutions. It is currently unclear as to the precise timing of any final rules,
but if not adopted in a thoughtful manner, we believe these rules could have an adverse economic impact on the U.S. equity markets broadly and NYSE Euronext’s U.S. equity exchanges. 

Market participants may change their behavior in response to new requirements and regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act. We are highly
dependent upon the levels and nature of activity on our exchanges, in particular the volume of financial instruments traded, the number of traders in the market, the relative attractiveness of the

33 

Table of Contents

financial instruments traded on our exchanges and similar factors. To the extent that legislative changes pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act cause market participants to reduce the levels or restrict
the nature of their activity on our exchanges, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

Furthermore, our U.S. exchanges compete for listings of securities of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies. If the Dodd-Frank Act adversely affects the legal and regulatory environment surrounding the markets
we operate, or the market perceptions thereof, it may make it difficult for our U.S. exchanges to compete with exchanges or other trading platforms in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

We may be adversely affected by significant proposed European Union financial reforms. 

The European Commission has proposed or is considering a number of potentially significant reforms, creating uncertainties for our European cash, listings and derivatives businesses, including our
clearing operations, which may be substantially affected by changes in European regulations. We cannot predict when, or if, these reforms will be adopted, or whether they will be adopted as proposed. If some or all of the proposals are adopted,
market participants may change their behavior in response. To the extent that regulatory changes cause market participants to reduce the levels or restrict the nature of their activity on our European exchanges or clearing operations, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore, if any of the pending European legislation adversely affects the legal and regulatory environment surrounding the markets we operate, or the market perceptions
thereof, it may make it difficult for our European exchanges to compete with exchanges or other trading platforms in non-European jurisdictions. 

In October 2011, the European Commission proposed significant amendments to MiFID, the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, which governs most of Euronext’s day-to-day activities as a market
operator. The proposed measures would implement changes in the clearing process, including open access provisions for central counterparties (“CCPs”) and exchange platforms in respect of exchange-listed products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our clearing operations due to increased regulation and costly operational requirements. In addition, as proposed, the changes in the trading process would introduce a de facto market making obligation on firms running
algorithmic trading strategies by requiring them to post continuous orders during a trading day, thereby posting permanent quotes. This market making obligation could expose such firms to market risk on a continuous basis. As a result, they could
shift trading away from our markets, which may decrease our revenue from trading and clearing operations, or they could assume additional financial risk, which may expose us to increased credit risk as their CCP counterparty. 

Additional proposals would extend MiFID’s transparency requirements for cash equity securities to certain other securities, including
bonds, derivatives and structured finance products, and would introduce position limits that would restrict the amount of commodities that could be traded on our platform. The proposed measures would also require us to make certain information
regarding benchmarks over which we have intellectual property rights, such as an equity index, available to any CCP or trading venue wishing to clear or provide a trading service in derivatives based on that benchmark. If adopted, these and other
proposed measures may make listing the affected securities on our exchanges less attractive for issuers, impose restrictions on what we can list, or increase competition for our indexed products, any of which could adversely affect our business.

Also in October 2011, the European Commission published its proposed review of the Market Abuse Directive, including a
proposed Market Abuse Regulation (“MAR”) that would expand the scope of the Market Abuse Directive to cover, for the first time, different trading systems, financial instruments and technological developments, notably algorithmic trading
and high frequency trading. The proposed changes would monitor the interaction between spot markets and derivative markets, including commodity markets, and address potential sources of abuse and manipulation between them, including through
provisions allowing member states to introduce criminal sanctions for market abuse offenses. These changes, if adopted, could lead to increased regulation and operational requirements for our European markets. 

Liquidity contracts are a key part of the trading landscape in some European countries, notably France and the Netherlands. A liquidity
contract is a contract between an issuer and a financial institution in which the institution uses funds provided to it by the issuer to trade in the issuers’ shares to maintain liquidity. Provided an

34 

Table of Contents

exemption from market abuse legislation, the contracts are usually subject to clear frameworks limiting their scope to the exact objectives of the liquidity contract. The proposed changes would
remove the exemption, which, if adopted as proposed, could materially affect our European markets through loss of liquidity provider agreements and reduced liquidity. 

As a final example, in September 2011, the European Commission proposed a Financial Transaction Tax in the EU. As proposed, a tax of 0.1% for stocks and bonds and 0.01% for derivatives would cover
secondary trades in, among other things, capital market securities, money market instruments and derivatives used for investment purposes, including currency derivatives and commodity derivatives, irrespective of whether the trades were made in the
regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or OTC. The tax would also cover tradable securities or other financial instruments offered through securitization. EU Member States would have the flexibility to set higher tax rates, which could
lead to different tax rates applying throughout the EU. The proposed tax, if approved, may make listing the affected securities on an exchange less attractive for issuers and may make it difficult for our European exchanges to compete with exchanges
in other jurisdictions. The proposed tax, if adopted as proposed, could also reduce the liquidity and market efficiency of the European capital markets. 

These and other potentially significant reforms in Europe could have a material adverse effect on our business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes to the regulators and agencies governing European financial markets could adversely affect our business.

A number of changes in the regulators and agencies governing European financial markets have been enacted or proposed.
In 2010, the UK Government announced plans to reform the UK regulatory regime by abolishing the Financial Services Authority and replacing it with two regulators, one covering prudential risks and the other conduct of business matters. Accordingly,
from the end of 2012, the new Financial Conduct Authority will be the primary regulator of NYSE Liffe, our London trading market, and the Bank of England will be the primary regulator of our London-based clearing activities. In addition, three new
independent European agencies have been created to regulate the financial markets, banking and insurance industries, with the mandate of contributing to the stability of the EU’s financial system by ensuring the integrity, transparency,
efficiency and orderly functioning of securities markets, as well as by enhancing investor protection. In particular, the new European Securities Markets Authority is intended to foster supervisory convergence both among national securities
regulators and across financial sectors by working closely with the other competent European Supervisory Authorities. 

Until
any such changes take effect, we cannot estimate what effect they will have on the oversight and operation of our European market, clearing and other operations, but we do expect it to affect our business, potentially leading to increased regulation
and oversight of our operations and the European capital markets generally. 

We may face competitive disadvantages if we
do not receive necessary or timely regulatory approvals for new business initiatives. 

We currently operate three
U.S.-registered national exchanges and one DCM. Pursuant to U.S. laws and regulations, these exchanges are responsible for regulating their member organizations through the adoption and enforcement of rules governing the trading activities,
business conduct and financial responsibility of their member organizations and the individuals associated with them. Changes to the rules of the U.S.-registered securities exchanges are generally subject to the approval of the SEC, which publishes
proposed rule changes for public comment. Changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws and changes to the organizational documents or rules of our U.S. exchanges, to the extent affecting the activities of these exchanges, must also be
approved. We may from time to time seek to engage in new business activities, some of which may require changes to our U.S. exchanges’ organizational documents or rules. 

We also operate exchanges in France, Belgium, Portugal, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Regulators in each of these countries
regulate exchanges through the adoption and enforcement of rules governing the trading activities, business conduct and financial responsibility of such exchanges and individuals 

35 

Table of Contents

associated with them. All of our initiatives in these jurisdictions with regulatory implications must be approved by the relevant authorities in each of these countries, as well as by the
coordinating bodies set up under the Euronext regulators’ memoranda of understanding. Changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws and changes to the organizational documents or rules of our European exchanges, to the extent affecting
the activities of these exchanges, may also require approvals. We may from time to time seek to engage in new business activities, some of which may require changes to our European exchanges’ organizational documents or rules. 

Any delay or denial of a requested approval could cause us to lose business opportunities, harm our ability to integrate our different
markets or impede our ability to change our governance practices. Our competitive position could be significantly weakened if our competitors are able to obtain regulatory approval for new functionalities faster, or with less cost or difficulty,
than we are, or if approval is not required for our competitors but is required for us. For instance, we may be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain SEC approval to make permanent our New Market Model pilot program, which includes the
creation of designated market makers. Competitors that are not registered exchanges are subject to less stringent regulation. In addition, as we seek to expand our product base, we could become subject to oversight by additional regulatory bodies.

An “extraterritorial” change of law may adversely affect our business and, under certain special
arrangements, our rights to control a substantial portion of our assets. 

We operate exchanges and regulated markets in
various jurisdictions and thus are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. Although we do not anticipate that there will be a material adverse application of European laws to our U.S. exchanges, or a material adverse application of
U.S. laws to our European exchanges, the possibility of such an occurrence cannot be ruled out entirely. If this were to occur, and we were not able to effectively mitigate the effects of such “extraterritorial” application, our
affected exchanges could experience a reduction in the number of listed companies or business from other market participants, or our business could otherwise be adversely affected. 

In addition, in connection with obtaining regulatory approval of the merger between NYSE and Euronext, we implemented certain special
arrangements consisting of two standby structures, one involving a Dutch foundation and one involving a Delaware trust. The Dutch foundation is empowered to take actions to mitigate the adverse effects of any potential changes in U.S. law that
have certain extraterritorial effects on the European regulated markets of NYSE Euronext, and the Delaware trust is empowered to take actions to ameliorate the adverse effects of any potential changes in European law that have certain
extraterritorial material effects on our U.S. exchanges. These actions include the exercise by the foundation or the trust of potentially significant control over our European or U.S. operations, as the case may be. Although the Dutch
foundation and the Delaware trust are required to act in our best interest, subject to certain exceptions, and any remedies implemented may be implemented only for so long as the effects of the material adverse application of law persist, we may, as
a result of the exercise of such rights, be required to transfer control over a substantial portion of our business and assets to the direction of the trust or the foundation. Any such transfer of control could adversely affect our ability to
implement our business strategy and operate on an integrated and global basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Regulatory changes or future court rulings may have an adverse impact on our ability to derive revenue from market data fees. 

Regulatory developments could reduce the amount of revenue that we obtain from market data fees. With respect to our U.S. exchanges,
the ability to assess fees for market data products is contingent upon receiving approval from the SEC. There continue to be opposing industry viewpoints as to the extent that we should be able to charge for market data, and it is conceivable that
the SEC could undertake an examination of exchange market data fees. If such an examination is conducted, and the results are detrimental to our U.S. exchanges’ ability to charge for market data, there could be a negative impact on our
revenues. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory changes will take effect, or their impact on our business. A determination by the SEC, for example, to link market data fees to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the
market data rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of market data fees could have an adverse effect on our market data revenues. 

36 

Table of Contents

Our European exchanges are currently authorized to sell trade information on a
non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost. This regulatory position could be modified or interpreted by the European Commission or future European court decisions in a manner that could have an adverse effect on our European market data
revenues. 

Conflicts of interest between our for-profit status and our regulatory responsibilities may adversely affect
our business. 

We are a for-profit business with regulatory responsibilities. In some circumstances, there may be a
conflict of interest between the regulatory responsibilities of certain of our exchanges and some of their respective member organizations and customers. Any failure by one of our exchanges with self-regulatory responsibility to diligently and
fairly regulate its member organizations or to otherwise fulfill its regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory scrutiny and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

NYSE Regulation, our wholly owned not-for-profit indirect subsidiary, oversees FINRA’s performance of market surveillance of our
SEC-regulated U.S. exchanges and related enforcement activities, and enforces listed company compliance with applicable standards. Similarly, Euronext is responsible for monitoring trading and enforcing Euronext rules. Conflicts of interest may
exist when a for-profit entity, such as NYSE Euronext, also functions as the operator of a regulated exchange. The for-profit entity’s goal of maximizing stockholder value might conflict with the exchange’s responsibilities as a regulator
of its member and listed companies. Conflicts also arise when a company lists its securities on an exchange that it owns. The listing of our common stock on the NYSE and Euronext could potentially create a conflict between the exchanges’
regulatory responsibilities to vigorously oversee the listing and trading of securities, on the one hand, and the exchanges’ commercial and economic interest, on the other hand. While NYSE Euronext has implemented structural protections to
minimize these potential conflicts, we cannot be sure that such measures will be successful. For a discussion of some of these structural protections, see Item 1 — “Business — Regulation — United
States — NYSE Regulation — Structure, Organization and Governance of NYSE Regulation.” 

Our
obligation to allocate significant resources to NYSE Regulation and FINRA limits our ability to reduce our expenses or use our cash in other ways. 

Pursuant to an agreement with us, FINRA performs market surveillance and related enforcement functions for our U.S. equities and options markets: NYSE, NYSE Arca and NYSE Amex. NYSE Regulation
oversees FINRA’s performance of these regulatory services for our markets, enforces listed company compliance with applicable standards, oversees regulatory policy determinations, rule interpretation and regulation-related rule development, and
conducts limited real-time trading reviews. NYSE, NYSE Arca and NYSE Amex are required to allocate significant resources to NYSE Regulation and FINRA. In addition, no regulatory fees, fines or penalties collected by NYSE Regulation may be
distributed to NYSE Euronext or any entity other than NYSE Regulation. The obligation to fund NYSE Regulation and the regulatory functions performed by FINRA for our markets could limit our ability to reduce our expense structure, and could
limit our ability to invest in or pursue other opportunities that may be beneficial to our stockholders.