We face intense competition and compete
globally with a broad range of market participants for listings and trading volumes. Our failure to compete successfully will have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We face significant competition, in particular with respect to listings and trading of cash equities, ETFs, closed-end funds, structured products and
derivatives (including a range of securities futures and options, financial futures and options, and commodities futures and options), and this competition is expected to intensify in the future. Our current and prospective competitors, both
domestically and around the world, are numerous and include both traditional and non-traditional execution and listings venues. These include regulated markets, ECNs and other alternative trading systems, market makers and other execution venues. We
also face significant and growing competition from large brokers and customers that have the ability to divert trading volumes from us. Large banks may assume the role of principal and act as counterparty to orders originating from retail customers,
thus “internalizing” order flow that would otherwise be transacted on exchanges. Banks and brokers may also enter into bilateral trading arrangements by matching their respective order flows, depriving us of potential trading volumes. The
competitive significance in Europe of these varied alternate trading venues is likely to increase substantially in the future, with the regulatory environment in Europe becoming more favorable to off-exchange trading as a result of the reforms
contained in MiFID. MiFID was required to be implemented under local laws of the EU Member States by January 31, 2007 and these local implementation measures were required to enter into effect on November 1, 2007. See “— The
implementation of MiFID may accelerate the development of off-exchange trading in Europe, which may harm our competitive position.” 

We compete with such market participants in a variety of ways, including the cost, quality and speed of trade execution, liquidity, the functionality, ease of use and performance of trading systems, the range of products and services
offered to trading participants and listed companies, technological innovation and reputation. Our competitors may: 

•

 respond more quickly to competitive pressures because they are not subject to the same degree of regulatory oversight as we are; 

•

 develop products and services that are preferred by our customers; 

•

 price their products and services more competitively; 

•

 develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently; 

•

 utilize faster, more efficient technology; 

•

 consolidate and form alliances, which may create greater liquidity, lower costs and better pricing than we will be able to offer; 

•

 market, promote and sell their products and services more effectively; and 

•

 better leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners or better exploit brand names to market and sell their services.

We may also face competition from new entrants into the markets in which we compete. The emergence of new competitors
may increase price competition and reduce margins for all existing cash and derivatives markets, including our markets. New entrants may include new alternative trading systems and new initiatives by 

40 

Table of Contents

existing market participants, including established markets or exchanges. For more information of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the
relevant discussion in Part I, Item 1 under the caption “Information About NYSE Euronext.” 

Globalization, growth, consolidations and other
strategic arrangements in the exchange sector may impair our competitive position. 

The liberalization and globalization of world
markets have resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition among markets in different geographical areas. As a result, global competition among listing venues, trading markets and
other execution venues has become more intense. 

In addition, in the last several years, the structure of the exchange sector has changed
significantly through demutualizations and consolidations. In response to increasing competition, many marketplaces in both Europe and the United States have demutualized to provide greater flexibility for future growth. The exchange sector is also
experiencing consolidation, creating a more intense competitive environment. For example, in the United States, each of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, Inc., on November 7, 2007, and the Boston Stock Exchange, Inc., on October 2, 2007,
announced that it had entered into an agreement to be acquired by Nasdaq. On September 20, 2007, Nasdaq and Bourse Dubai announced that they had entered into an agreement pursuant to which Bourse Dubai would acquire a 19.99% stake in Nasdaq and
Nasdaq’s 20% stake in London Stock Exchange, and Nasdaq would acquire the shares of OMX anticipated to be acquired by Bourse Dubai in its exchange offer for OMX, and on February 27, 2008, the merger between Nasdaq and OMX was completed, leading
to the formation of The Nasdaq OMX Group, Inc. On July 12, 2007, Chicago Mercantile Holdings, Inc. and CBOT Holdings, Inc. completed their merger to form CME Group, Inc. On December 20, 2007, the International Securities Exchange
Holdings, Inc. (“ISE”) was acquired by Eurex, a derivatives exchange jointly owned by Deutsche Börse AG and SWX Swiss Exchange. On October 1, 2007, the London Stock Exchange and Borsa Italiana completed their merger, and it is
anticipated that the process of consolidation in the European exchange sector will continue. We also recently entered into an agreement to acquire the business of MC, including its subsidiary Amex. 

Because of these market trends, we face intense competition. If we are unable to compete successfully in this environment, our business, financial
condition and operating results will be adversely affected. 

Future business combinations, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures and strategic
investments and alliances may require significant resources and/or result in significant unanticipated costs or liabilities. 

We may
seek to grow and diversify our company and businesses by entering into business combination transactions, making acquisitions or entering into partnerships, joint ventures or strategic investments or alliances, which may be material. For example, in
2007, we completed our business combination transaction with Euronext and our acquisition of TransactTools, acquired a 5% equity position in the National Stock Exchange of India, entered into a strategic alliance with the Tokyo Stock Exchange,
acquired a 1% stake in Bovespa (a Brazilian stock exchange), and entered into an agreement pursuant to which we would acquire the 50% stake in AEMS owned by Atos Origin. In 2008, we acquired the business of Wombat, and signed a binding term sheet
and a definitive agreement to acquire a 5% equity position in India’s Multi Commodity Exchange, subject to certain conditions and obtaining all regulatory approvals. In 2008, we also entered into an agreement to acquire the business of MC,
including its subsidiary Amex, subject to certain conditions and obtaining all required approvals. 

The market for acquisition targets and
strategic alliances is highly competitive, particularly in light of increasing consolidation in the exchange sector and existing or potential future regulatory restrictions on foreign direct investments in certain countries, which may adversely
affect our ability to identify acquisition targets or strategic partners consistent with its objectives. Even if we do succeed in making acquisitions or entering into 

41 

Table of Contents

strategic alliances, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant attention of
management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of the business. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of our stock that dilute existing stockholders’ stakes in the company, expend cash, incur debt, assume
contingent liabilities or create other additional expenses, any of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In addition, our bylaws require acquisitions, mergers and consolidations involving more than 30% of the aggregate equity market capitalization or value of NYSE Euronext (or, under certain circumstances, transactions involving an entity
whose principal place of business is outside of the United States and Europe) to be approved by two-thirds of the directors then in office. This requirement may prevent us from pursuing an acquisition, even if a majority of the board believes it to
be in the best interests of us and our stockholders. 

Furthermore, our ability to direct the actions of our strategic investment partners
that we do not control is limited. For example, we are unable unilaterally to cause dividends or distributions to be made to us from the entities in which we have a minority strategic investment or to direct the management of such entities. Some of
our investments may entail particular risks, including the possibility that a partner, majority investor or co-venturer may have different interests or goals, and may take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or business
objectives, any and all of which could adversely impact our brand name and reputation. Also, a number of our minority positions may be illiquid due to regulatory impediments to sale or because the market for them is limited. If we are unable to
successfully maximize the benefits of our strategic investments, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The legal and regulatory environment in the United States may make it difficult for us to compete with non-U.S. securities exchanges for listings of U.S. and non-U.S. companies. 

Our U.S. exchanges compete to obtain the listing of U.S. and non-U.S. issuer securities. However, the legal and regulatory environment in the United
States, as well as the perception of this environment, has made and may continue to make it more difficult for our U.S. exchanges to compete with non-U.S. securities exchanges for these listings and may adversely affect our competitive position. For
example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) imposes a stringent set of corporate governance, reporting and other requirements on both U.S. and non-U.S. companies that are listed on a U.S. securities exchange. Significant
resources are necessary for issuers to come into and remain in compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the ability of our U.S. exchanges to attract and retain listings. In
this regard, the number of U.S. companies that have chosen to list shares issued in an IPO exclusively on a non-U.S. exchange has steadily increased in recent years. International companies also cite the need for financial statement reconciliations
to U.S. GAAP, and concern of greater exposure to U.S. class action litigation, as additional factors weighing against listing in the United States. 

At the same time, international companies are increasingly seeking access to the U.S. markets through private transactions that do not require listing or trading in the U.S. public markets, such as through Rule 144A transactions. In 2007,
only 11.5% of the IPO capital raised in the United States by non-U.S. companies was listed on a U.S. stock exchange; 88.5% was marketed to institutional investors via Rule 144A. This contrasts with 2000, when nearly half (48.6%) of the global
IPO equity raised by non-U.S. companies in the United States was raised on U.S. exchanges, while 51.4% was marketed to institutional investors via Rule 144A. 

The SEC has taken steps to address these concerns through a number of initiatives, including the recent elimination of the requirement for foreign private issuers to provide a reconciliation of their home country
financial statements to U.S. GAAP. The SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have also adopted amendments to the rules relating to internal control over financial reporting established in connection with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act in an effort to address widespread concerns about the costs and burdens of compliance with those rules. It is unclear whether U.S. and international companies will exhibit greater interest in accessing the U.S. public markets as a
result of these changes. 

42 

Table of Contents

On June 4, 2007, the SEC also amended its rules to make it easier for foreign private issuers to
deregister under the Exchange Act and exit the U.S. public markets. Since that date, approximately 49 international companies have delisted or announced their intention to delist from NYSE. If our U.S. exchanges are unable to successfully attract
and retain the listings of non-U.S. issuers, the perception of those exchanges as premier listing venues may be diminished, and our competitive position may be adversely affected or its operating results could suffer. 

Our European exchanges are not subject to perceptions that may exist with respect to U.S. securities exchanges—namely, that listing on a U.S.
securities exchange subjects a company to cumbersome and costly regulatory requirements and heightened litigation risks. In addition, listed companies on the Euronext exchanges are not subject to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act unless
they otherwise choose to list or register their securities in the United States. However, there can be no assurances that U.S. and non-U.S. issuers that do not list on our U.S. exchanges will elect to list on a Euronext exchange rather than other
non-U.S. exchanges. 

Our business may be adversely affected by price competition. 

The securities industry is characterized by intense price competition. The pricing model for trade execution for equity securities has changed in response
to competitive market conditions. Some of our competitors have recently lowered their transaction costs by either reducing the fees that they charge and/or increasing the liquidity payments (or rebates) they provide as an incentive for providers of
liquidity in certain markets. In addition, we face price competition in the fees that we charge to customers to list securities on our securities exchanges. It is likely that we will continue to experience significant pricing pressures and that some
of our competitors will seek to increase their share of trading or listings by further reducing their transaction fees or listing fees, by offering larger liquidity payments or by offering other forms of financial or other incentives. Our operating
results and future profitability could be adversely affected as a result of these activities. For example, we could lose a substantial percentage of our share of trading or listings if we are unable to compete effectively, or our profit margins
could decline if we reduce pricing in response. In addition, one or more competitors may engage in aggressive pricing strategies and significantly decrease or completely eliminate their profit margin for a period of time in order to capture a
greater share of trading or listings. Some competitors, especially those outside of the United States, have high profit margins in business areas in which we do not engage, which may assist them in executing these strategies. This environment could
lead to loss of order flow and decreased revenues, and consequently could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our share of trading in
NYSE-listed securities has declined. 

As a result of increasing competition, our share of trading on a matched basis in NYSE-listed
securities has declined from approximately 72.2% for the year ended December 31, 2006, to 60.5% for the year ended December 31, 2007. If growth in our overall trading volume of NYSE-listed securities does not offset any significant decline
in our share of NYSE-listed trading, or if a decline in our share of trading in NYSE-listed securities makes the NYSE’s market appear less liquid, then our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, the allocation of market data revenues under the Regulation NMS formula, while complex, is largely tied to trading share performance. A
decline in NYSE trading share lowers the percentage of the National Market Systems tape pool revenues from the Consolidated Tape Association (“CTA”) and Unlisted Trading Privileges that NYSE keeps. Similarly, a lower share of trading may
cause issuers to question the value of an NYSE listing which may in turn adversely impact our listing business. 

We must keep up with emerging
technological changes in order to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry. 

Technology is a key
component of our business strategy, and we regard it as crucial to our success. We seek to leverage our recent technology initiatives—such as our agreement to acquire the 50% of AEMS we do not 

43 

Table of Contents

already own, our acquisition of Wombat, and the integration of TransactTools—to offer market participants a comprehensive suite of best-in-class
technology solutions in a centralized environment. However, we operate in a business environment that has undergone, and continues to experience, significant and rapid technological change. In recent years, electronic trading has grown
significantly, and customer demand for increased choice of execution methods has increased. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality, capacity, accessibility and features of our trading
platforms, software, systems and technologies. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to: 

•

 develop and license leading technologies useful in our businesses; 

•

 enhance existing trading platforms and services; 

•

 respond to customer demands, technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

•

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff to maintain and develop existing technology and to adapt to and manage emerging technologies.

The development and expansion of electronic trading and market data related technologies entail significant
technological, financial and business risks. Any failure or delay in exploiting technology, or failure to exploit technology as effectively as competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

We use leading technologies and currently devote substantial resources to our services. The adoption of new technologies or
market practices may require us to devote additional resources to modify and adapt our services. In such cases, we cannot assure that we will succeed in making these improvements to our technology infrastructure in a timely manner or at all. If we
are unable to anticipate and respond to the demand for new services, products and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis and to adapt to technological advancements and changing standards, we may be unable to compete effectively, which
could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we may incur substantial development, sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort to add new products or
services to our trading platforms. Even after incurring these costs, we ultimately may not realize any, or may realize only small amounts of, revenues for these new products or services. Consequently, if revenue does not increase in a timely fashion
as a result of these expansion initiatives, the up-front costs associated with expansion may exceed revenue and reduce our working capital and income. 

In addition, we own approximately 40% of the common equity of GL TRADE, which is listed separately on Euronext Paris. We consolidate the results of GL TRADE. Any failure of GL TRADE to keep up with emerging
technological changes could cause its customers to decrease the number of workstations and subscriptions they buy from GL TRADE or change their strategy by shifting to other providers or to in-house technology, which could in return have a
materially negative effect on the return on our investment in GL TRADE. 

We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities
and synergies and other benefits anticipated from the business combination transaction between NYSE Group and Euronext. 

On
April 4, 2007, NYSE Group and Euronext completed a business combination transaction, becoming subsidiaries of NYSE Euronext. Previously, we had announced that we expected that the combined company would achieve $250 million in annualized run
rate cost savings by the first quarter of 2010. In February 2008, we announced that we would not achieve the full $250 million in annualized run rate cost savings until the fourth quarter of 2010. We fully expect to achieve these cost savings. We
also expect to achieve the $100 million in annualized run-rate revenue synergies, identified in connection with the combination transaction between NYSE Group and Euronext, by the end of the first quarter of 2010. There is a risk, however, that the
businesses of NYSE Group and Euronext may not be combined in a manner that permits these costs savings and revenue synergies to be realized in the time currently expected, or at all. For example, a variety of factors, including but 

44 

Table of Contents

not limited to wage inflation, currency fluctuations, and difficulty integrating technology platforms, may adversely affect our anticipated cost savings and
revenues. Also, we must achieve our anticipated cost savings without adversely affecting our revenues. If we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the NYSE Group/Euronext business combination transaction
may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. 

An “extraterritorial” change of law may adversely affect our
businesses and, under certain special arrangements, our rights to control a substantial portion of our assets. 

We operate
securities exchanges and regulated markets in various jurisdictions and thus are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. Although we do not anticipate that there will be a material adverse application of European laws to our U.S. exchanges, or
a material adverse application of U.S. laws to our European exchanges, the possibility of such an occurrence cannot be ruled out entirely. If this were to occur, and we were not able to effectively mitigate the effects of such extraterritorial
application, our affected exchanges could experience a reduction in the number of listed companies or business from other market participants, or our business could be otherwise adversely affected. In addition, in connection with obtaining
regulatory approval of the business combination transaction between NYSE and Euronext, which was completed on April 4, 2007, we implemented certain special arrangements consisting of two standby structures, one involving a Dutch foundation and
one involving a Delaware trust. The Dutch foundation is empowered to take actions to mitigate the adverse effects of any potential changes in U.S. law that have certain “extraterritorial” effects on the European regulated markets of NYSE
Euronext, and the Delaware trust is empowered to take actions to ameliorate the adverse effects of any potential changes in European law that have certain “extraterritorial” effects on NYSE and NYSE Arca, Inc. These actions include the
exercise by the foundation or the trust of potentially significant control over our European or the U.S. businesses, as the case may be. Although the Dutch foundation and the Delaware trust are required to act in our best interest, subject to
certain exceptions, and any remedies implemented may be implemented only for so long as the effects of the material adverse application of law persist, we may, as a result of the exercise of such rights, be required to transfer control over a
substantial portion of our business and assets to the direction of the trust or of the foundation. Any such transfer of control could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and operate on an integrated and global basis,
which could adversely affect our business. 

The implementation of MiFID may accelerate the development of off-exchange trading in Europe, which may
harm our competitive position. 

MiFID came into effect on November 1, 2007. In addition to regulated exchange trading, MiFID
provides that trades may be executed on multilateral trading facilities (or MTFs) via over the counter (OTC) trading, or through systematic internalization of the order flow collected by investment firms and banks. As a result, MiFID creates an
opportunity for new multilateral trading facilities, OTC and internalization arrangements to be developed on a pan-European basis, thereby substantially facilitating entry and increasing their attractiveness to users. In addition, investment firms
will have to ensure that they obtain the “best execution” conditions for their clients, and will therefore have to direct orders to the most favorable execution venue, without any regulatory incentive to favor established regulated
exchanges. Taken together, these changes to the regulatory environment may make it easier for MTFs to establish themselves in Europe as low-cost alternatives to regulated exchanges, thereby increasing the level of competition with and between market
operators. Increased competition from MTFs could cause NYSE Euronext to lose trading share or to lower its fees in order to remain competitive, either of which could lead to lower revenues and/or lower margins, harming profitability. In response, we
have announced plans to develop our own MTF, “SmartPool,” and a service for systematic internalizers. There can be no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. 

Regulatory changes or future court rulings may have an adverse impact on our market data fees. 

Market data fees are one of our sources of revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2007, U.S. market data made up 5.4% of our total revenue. Regulatory developments, however, could reduce the amount of revenue 

45 

Table of Contents

that we can obtain from this source. With respect to our U.S. exchanges, the ability to assess fees for market data products is contingent upon receiving
approval from the SEC. There continues to be opposing industry viewpoints as to the extent that we should be able to charge for market data, and it is conceivable that the SEC may broaden its examination of exchange market data fees. If such an
examination is conducted, and the results are detrimental to our U.S. exchanges’ ability to charge for market data, there could be a negative impact on our revenues. In addition, in November 2004, the SEC proposed corporate governance,
transparency, oversight and ownership rules for registered national securities exchanges and other SROs and issued a concept release examining the efficacy of self-regulation. The concept release also solicited public comment concerning the level of
market data fees, following several years of claims from some competitors and data intermediaries that market data fees and revenues are excessive. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory changes will take effect, or their impact
on our business. A determination by the SEC, for example, to link market data fees to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the market data rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of market data fees could have an adverse
effect on our market data revenues. 

In addition, the approach to fees reflected in MiFID, made effective in November 2007, which
explicitly authorizes market operators to sell trade information on a non-discriminatory commercial basis at a reasonable cost, could be modified by the European Commission or future European court decisions in a manner that may have an adverse
impact on our ability to charge market data fees with respect to our European regulated markets. 

We intend to enter into or increase our presence in
markets where we do not currently compete. Demand and market acceptance for our products and services within these markets will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risks and may affect its growth potential. 

We intend to enter into or increase our presence in certain markets which already possess established competitors who may enjoy the protection of high
barriers to entry. Attracting customers in certain countries may also be subject to a number of risks, including currency exchange rate risk, difficulties in enforcing agreements or collecting receivables, longer payment cycles, compliance with the
laws or regulations of these countries, and political and regulatory uncertainties. As a result, demand and market acceptance for our products and services within these markets will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. We may be
unable to enter into or increase our presence in these markets and compete successfully, and as a result, we may not generate sufficient revenues from these products and services. 

The loss of key personnel may adversely affect our business. 

We are dependent upon the
contributions of our senior management team and other key employees for our success. If one or more of these executives, or other key employees, were to cease to be employed by us, we could be adversely affected. In particular, we may have to incur
costs to replace senior executive officers or other key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace such persons in a timely manner. 

We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. 

Given our position as the world’s leading cash equities market, our prominence in the U.S. and global securities industry, and the concentration of many of our properties and personnel in lower Manhattan, it may
be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations. 

It is impossible to predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack on the securities industry generally or on our business. In the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, our security measures and contingency plans may be
inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. For example, if part or all of our primary data center facility(ies) become(s) inoperable, our disaster
recovery/business continuity planning practices may not be sufficient and we may 

46 

Table of Contents

experience a significant delay in resuming normal business processing which could have a materially negative effect on our business. For a discussion of some
of our security measures and contingency plans, see Part I, Item 2 under the caption “Properties—Security Measures and Contingency Plans.” Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount
of insurance received, or we may not be able to insure against certain damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, terrorist attacks may
cause instability or decreased trading in the securities markets, including trading on exchanges. Any of these events could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry, and may be subject to censures, fines and other legal proceedings if we fail to comply with our legal and regulatory
obligations. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation. The securities industry is subject
to extensive governmental regulation and could be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny. As a matter of public policy, these regulations are designed to safeguard the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and to protect the
interests of investors in those markets. The SEC regulates the U.S. securities exchanges and has broad powers to audit, investigate and enforce compliance with its rules and regulations and impose sanctions for non-compliance. European regulators
have similar powers with respect to European exchanges in their respective countries. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules will be largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of appropriate systems and procedures, as well
as our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 

Both the SEC and the European regulators are vested with broad enforcement
powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit exchanges from engaging in some of its businesses or suspend or revoke the exchange recognition, license or registration of its subsidiaries as national securities exchanges in the
respective countries in which the regulators are located. In the case of actual or alleged noncompliance with regulatory requirements, we could be subject to investigations and administrative or judicial proceedings that may result in substantial
penalties, including revocation of a subsidiary’s exchange recognition, license or registration as a securities exchange or market. Any such investigation or proceeding, whether successful or unsuccessful, would result in substantial costs and
diversions of resources and might also harm our business reputation, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

In addition, there may be a conflict between the self-regulatory responsibilities of certain of our businesses and some of the market participants or
customers of our subsidiaries. Any failure by us to diligently and fairly regulate our member organizations or to otherwise fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt SEC scrutiny and adversely affect our
business. 

Damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

One of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. Our reputation could be harmed in many different ways, including by regulatory
governance or technology failures. Damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the trading volume on our exchanges. This, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

We will face restrictions with respect to the way in which we conduct certain of our
operations, and may experience certain competitive disadvantages if we do not receive SEC and the relevant European regulatory approval(s) for new business initiatives or do not receive them in a timely manner. 

We currently operate two U.S. registered national securities exchanges—the NYSE and NYSE Arca, Inc. Pursuant to the Exchange Act, the NYSE and NYSE
Arca, Inc. are responsible for regulating their member organizations through the adoption and enforcement of rules governing the trading activities, business conduct 

47 

Table of Contents

and financial responsibility of their member organizations and the individuals associated with them. Changes to those rules are generally subject to the
approval of the SEC, which publishes proposed rule changes for public comment. Changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws and changes to the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement or rules of certain of our
subsidiaries, to the extent that these changes could affect the activities of these national exchanges, must also be approved. We may from time to time seek to engage in new business activities, some of which may require changes to our governing
documents. 

We also operate exchanges in France, Belgium, Portugal, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Regulators in each of these
countries regulate exchanges through the adoption and enforcement of rules governing the trading activities, business conduct and financial responsibility of such exchanges and individuals associated with them. All of our initiatives with regulatory
implications must be approved by the relevant authorities in each of these countries, as well as by the coordinating bodies set up under the Euronext regulators’ memoranda of understanding. Changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws
and changes to the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement or rules of certain of our subsidiaries, to the extent that these changes could affect the activities of these exchanges, may also require approvals. We may from time to
time seek to engage in new business activities, some of which may require changes to our governing documents. 

Any delay or denial of a
requested approval could cause us to lose business opportunities or slow the integration process in the future between our different markets. Our competitive position could be significantly weakened if our competitors are able to obtain regulatory
approval for new functionalities faster, or with less cost or difficulty, than we are, or if approval is not required for our competitors but is required for us. Competitors that are not registered exchanges are subject to less stringent regulation.
In addition, as we seek to expand our product base, we could become subject to the oversight of additional regulatory bodies. 

Our obligation to fund
NYSE Regulation and allocate resources of certain of our U.S. subsidiaries limits our ability to reduce our expenses or use our cash in other ways. 

Certain of our U.S. subsidiaries are required to allocate significant resources to NYSE Regulation, a wholly-owned not-for-profit subsidiary. This dedication of resources may limit our ability to reduce our expense
structure. 

NYSE Regulation has generally undertaken to perform the regulatory functions of the NYSE and NYSE Arca pursuant to agreements
with each entity. NYSE Regulation also has an agreement with NYSE Group, the NYSE and NYSE Market requiring that NYSE Regulation be provided with adequate funding. Moreover, under the operating agreement of the NYSE, no regulatory fees, fines or
penalties collected by NYSE Regulation may be distributed to NYSE Euronext or any entity other than NYSE Regulation. The obligations to fund NYSE Regulation under the agreements covering those services could negatively affect the cash available to
NYSE Euronext, as well as our ability to invest in or pursue other opportunities that may also be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Any conflicts of
interest between NYSE Euronext and NYSE Regulation may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

NYSE Regulation regulates
and monitors the activities on our U.S. securities exchanges and enforces issuer and member organization compliance with applicable law and the rules of the exchanges. In a 2004 concept release, the SEC noted that there is an inherent conflict that
exists within every SRO between its regulatory functions, on the one hand, and its member organizations, market operations, listed issuers, and stockholders, on the other hand. The SEC has also expressed concern about the conflicts of interest that
may exist when a for-profit entity owns an SRO. The for-profit entity’s goal of maximizing stockholder value might conflict with the SRO’s self-regulatory responsibilities imposed by the securities laws. For example, the for-profit entity
might have an incentive to commit insufficient funds to the regulatory operations of the SRO, or use the disciplinary powers of the SRO to generate revenue for the for-profit entity by disciplining member organizations that operate 

48 

Table of Contents

or participate in competing trading systems. In addition, the regulatory responsibilities imposed by the U.S. securities laws (such as encouraging low-cost
trading and competitive markets) may conflict with our profit-oriented goals as a public company. There may be more opportunities for conflicts of interest to arise when SROs regulate listed companies. Additional conflicts of interest arise where a
company (such as NYSE Euronext) lists its securities on the national securities exchange that it owns. The listing of our common stock on NYSE and Euronext exchanges could potentially create a conflict of interest between the exchanges’
regulatory responsibilities to vigorously oversee the listing and trading of securities, on the one hand, and the exchanges’ commercial and economic interest, on the other hand. Since NYSE Regulation also has regulatory responsibilities,
including disciplinary authority, over broker dealers that are both NYSE and/or NYSE Arca members and potential competitors of one or both exchanges with respect to trading volume, a similar potential conflict of interest could arise between the
exchanges’ commercial interests, on the one hand, and the exchanges’ exercise of its disciplinary authority, on the other hand. 

While NYSE Euronext has implemented structural protections to minimize these potential conflicts of interest, we cannot assure you that such measures will be successful. For a discussion of some of these structural protections, see
“Regulation — U.S. Regulation — NYSE Regulation — Structure, Organization and Governance of NYSE Regulation.” In addition, on July 30, 2007, NYSE Group and NYSE Regulation completed a
transaction with NASD, pursuant to which the member firm regulatory functions of NYSE Regulation, including related enforcement activities, risk assessment and the arbitration service, were consolidated with those of the NASD. The consolidated
organization is known as FINRA. Following this transaction, NYSE Regulation continues to perform market surveillance and related enforcement activities and listed company compliance for the NYSE and NYSE Arca. While this transaction significantly
reduced the scope of NYSE Regulation’s regulatory authority over broker dealer members, conflicts of interests may still arise. 

Market
fluctuations and other risks beyond our control could significantly reduce demand for our services and harm our business. 

Our
revenues and profitability are highly dependent upon the levels of activity on our exchanges, in particular, the volume of financial instruments traded, the number and shares outstanding of listed issuers, the number of new listings, the number of
traders in the market and similar factors. 

We have no direct control over such variables. Among other things, we are dependent upon the
relative attractiveness of the financial instruments traded on our exchanges, and the relative attractiveness of the exchanges as a market on which to trade these financial instruments, as compared to other exchanges and trading platforms. Such
variables are in turn influenced by economic, political and market conditions in the United States, Europe and elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 broad trends in business and finance; 

•

 terrorism and war; 

•

 concerns over inflation and the level of institutional or retail confidence; 

•

 changes in government monetary policy and foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital; 

•

 the availability of alternative investment opportunities; 

•

 changes in the level of trading activity; 

•

 changes and volatility in the prices of securities; 

•

 changes in tax policy; 

•

 the level and volatility of interest rates; 

49 

Table of Contents

•

 legislative and regulatory changes, including the potential for regulatory arbitrage among U.S. and non-U.S. markets if significant policy differences emerge among
markets; 

•

 the perceived attractiveness of the U.S. capital markets, as well as the costs (e.g., potential class actions); 

•

 the perceived attractiveness of the European capital markets; and 

•

 unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading. 

General economic conditions affect securities markets in a variety of ways, from determining availability of capital to influencing investor confidence. Poor economic conditions also have an impact on the process of
raising capital by reducing the number or size of securities offerings or listings. The economic climate in recent years has been characterized by challenging business and economic conditions. During 2000 through early 2003, and again in the second
half of 2007 and the beginning of 2008, the major U.S. market indices experienced severe declines. The weak and uncertain economic climate, together with corporate governance and accounting concerns, contributed to a reduction in corporate
transactions and a generally more difficult business environment. In addition, the United States and other countries in which we hope to offer our services have suffered acts of war or terrorism or other armed hostilities. These or similar acts have
in the past increased or prolonged, and may in the future increase or prolong, negative economic conditions. Adverse changes in the economy or the outlook for the securities industry can have a negative impact on our revenues through declines in
trading volume, new listings and demand for market data. Generally adverse economic conditions may also have a disproportionate effect on our business. Because our infrastructure and overhead will be based on assumptions of certain levels of market
activity, significant declines in trading volumes, new listings or demand for market data may have a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

A significant portion of our revenues depend, either directly or indirectly, on our transaction-based business which, in turn, is dependent on our
ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other market centers. If the amount of trading volume on our exchanges decreases, our revenue from transaction fees will decrease. There may also be a reduction in
revenue from market data fees. If our share of total trading volume decreases relative to our competitors, we may be less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity and may lose additional trading volume and associated transaction
fees and market data fees as a result. In addition, declines in our share of trading volume could adversely affect the growth, viability and importance of various of our market information products, which will constitute an important portion of our
revenues. 

We also generate a significant portion of our revenues from listing fees. Also, the number of companies listed on our exchanges
affects our ability to increase or maintain trading share. Among the factors affecting companies’ decision to go public and/or list their shares on U.S. markets are general economic conditions, industry-specific circumstances, capital market
trends, mergers and acquisitions environment and regulatory requirements. The extent to which these and other factors cause companies to become or remain privately owned or decide not to list their shares on our exchanges may have a materially
negative effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The financial services industry and, particularly, the
securities transactions business are dynamic, uncertain and highly competitive environments. Accordingly, we expect exchange consolidation and member organization consolidation to persist in the future. This environment has led to business failures
and has encouraged the introduction of alternative trading venues with varying market structures and new business models. In the United States, our principal U.S. competitor for listings by U.S. issuers has historically been Nasdaq. Well-capitalized
competitors from outside the United States may also seek to expand their operations in the U.S. In addition, the financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation and increasing competition, which may change dramatically the industry
market structure. For example, recently both U.S. and European regulators have been considering the business model of futures exchanges. If we are unable to adjust in a timely manner to structural changes within the industry, technological and
financial innovation, and other competitive factors, our business will suffer. 

50 

Table of Contents

Insufficient systems capacity or systems failure could harm our business. 

Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the computer and communications systems supporting it. In particular, heavy use of our
platforms and order routing systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause the systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. Our U.S. system capacity requirements could grow significantly in
the future as the result of a variety of factors, including changes in the NYSE market and growth in NYSE Arca’s options trading business. If the systems cannot be expanded to handle increased demand, or otherwise fail to perform, we could
experience disruptions in service, slower response times, delays in introducing new products and services and loss of revenues. In addition, our trading activities may be negatively affected by system failures of other trading systems, as a result
of which we may be required to suspend trading activity in particular stocks or, in the case of NYSE Arca, cancel previously executed trades under certain circumstances. 

With respect to LIFFE CONNECT®
, NSC
(
nouveau système de cotation) and related ancillary systems and distribution network, the growth of algorithmic and so called “black box trading” requires us to increase systems and network capacity to ensure the increases in
message traffic can be accommodated without adverse effect on system performance. Keeping pace with these ever increasing requirements can be expensive. If we fail to address these requirements in a timely manner, this could result in reputational
risk, loss of share of trading volume and reductions in revenue. 

Failure to maintain systems or to ensure sufficient capacity may also
result in a temporary disruption of our regulatory and reporting functions. These consequences, in turn, could result in lower trading volumes, financial losses, decreased customer service and satisfaction, litigation or customer claims, or
regulatory sanctions. 

The NYSE market systems have been upgraded several times over the last 12 months increasing from 17,000 messages per
second in February 2007 to the current level of 54,000 messages per second. The NYSE market currently plans to increase its capacity again to 100,000 messages per second by early third quarter of 2008 with the goal of being at 140,000 messages per
second by year-end 2008. The NYSE Arca systems have been also upgraded to maintain three times the capacity of the actual messages-per-second peaks experienced. 

We have experienced systems failures in the past. It is possible that we will experience systems failures in the future, or periods of insufficient systems capacity or network bandwidth, power or telecommunications
failure, acts of God or war, terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, power loss, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism or similar events. Any system failure that causes an
interruption in service or decreases the responsiveness of our service could impair our reputation and negatively impact our revenues. We also rely on third parties for systems support. Any interruption in these third-party services or deterioration
in the performance of these services could also be disruptive to our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause the loss
of trading volume and result in significant liabilities. We will also incur significant expense to protect our systems. 

The secure
transmission of confidential information over public networks is a critical element of our operations. Our networks and those of its third-party service providers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other security
problems. Persons who circumvent security measures could wrongfully access and use our information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Any of these events could cause us to lose trading volume. We will be required to expend
significant further resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm and litigation, caused by breaches. Our security measures are costly, and may prove to be inadequate and result in
system failures and delays that could cause us to lose business. 

51 

Table of Contents

Any failure by us to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the
intellectual property rights of others, could adversely affect our business. 

We own the rights to a number of trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights and patents that we use in our businesses. To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and
other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, customers, strategic investors and others. The protective steps taken may be inadequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary information. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or
take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. Further, defending our intellectual property rights
may require significant financial and managerial resources, the expenditure of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

In the future we may be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could
limit our ability to use certain technologies. Some of our competitors currently own patents and have actively been filing patent applications in recent years, some of which may relate to our trading platforms and business processes. As a result, we
may face allegations that we have infringed or otherwise violated the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate or settle and could divert
management resources and attention. Successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology where such use is found to infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to obtain licenses from third
parties at material cost. 

We are subject to significant litigation risk and potential securities law liability. 

Many aspects of our business involve substantial liability risks. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a
trade or from claims that a system or operational failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, that we entered into an unauthorized transaction or that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction.
Dissatisfied customers frequently make claims against their service providers regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or even fraud. We could be exposed to substantial liability under European, federal and
state laws and court decisions, as well as rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC or European regulators. We could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any future
lawsuit or claim against us may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. For a discussion of certain legal claims against us, see “Legal Proceedings.” 

If we were unable to complete our acquisition of AEMS, we would not gain control of a provider of a number of our key information technology services. 

AEMS is Euronext’s preferred external supplier of key information technology
and is responsible for the development of Euronext’s technology and the management of its key information technology systems, including the NSC cash trading platform and the LIFFE CONNECT®

 futures and options electronic trading system. Currently, Euronext and Atos Origin each hold 50% of the shares of AEMS, and AEMS provides IT services to Euronext under a complex contractual framework, incorporating an umbrella services
agreement and a series of interim service agreements. As discussed below, we have entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining stake of AEMS. Until we fully control AEMS, if AEMS does not dedicate sufficient resources or provide sufficiently
experienced personnel or experiences difficulties or losses, and is unable to perform the services to the required levels and meet its contractual obligations to Euronext under the IT services arrangements, the business, financial condition or
results of operations of Euronext could be adversely affected. 

On December 11,
2007, NYSE Euronext and Atos Origin announced that they had entered into an agreement pursuant to which we would acquire the 50% stake in AEMS owned by Atos Origin. Under the terms of this agreement, we would re-acquire ownership of the NSC cash
trading and LIFFE CONNECT®
 derivatives trading platform technology and all of the management and development services surrounding these platforms as 

52 

Table of Contents

well as AEMS’s third-party exchange technology business, and Atos Origin would acquire the third-party clearing and settlement and capital markets
businesses from AEMS. We expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with this transaction. It is expected that this transaction will be completed by the end of the summer in 2008 though the transaction is subject to conditions and
there can be no assurance that the transaction will be completed by then, or ever. This transaction will allow us to insource our information technology trading requirements for our European business and to bundle a variety of exchange and trading
technology solutions to offer market participants. Accordingly, if we are unable to complete our acquisition of AEMS, we would be required to continue to outsource these requirements and rely on an external supplier. In addition, our inability to
acquire AEMS would also limit our strategic initiatives involving the acquired technology. 

Euronext also relies on intellectual property
owned by AEMS. If AEMS does not protect its existing or future intellectual property rights, it may have to pay third parties for rights to use their intellectual property, pay damages for infringement or misappropriation and/or be enjoined from
using such intellectual property. AEMS relies mainly on copyright legislation, patents, trademarks and protection of know-how to protect its intellectual property. Euronext cannot guarantee that any of the intellectual property rights owned by AEMS
or other intellectual property rights that third parties license to AEMS will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or rendered unenforceable. Conversely, if AEMS became involved in litigation or other proceedings as the result of alleged
infringement of the rights of others, AEMS might have to spend significant amounts of money, regardless of fault. 

Our reliance on LCH.Clearnet and
Euroclear, neither of which is controlled by us, for the majority of Euronext’s clearing and settlement services could adversely affect our business to the extent either party experiences significant difficulties or otherwise materially changes
their business relationship with us. 

We use the services of LCH.Clearnet for clearing transactions executed on our cash markets and
Liffe, and the services of Euroclear for settling transactions on its cash markets (except in Portugal). On July 27, 2007, LCH.Clearnet redeemed all of the outstanding LCH.Clearnet redeemable convertible preference shares held by us, and
repurchased a portion of LCH.Clearnet ordinary shares held by us for €399 million. According to an agreement between us and LCH.Clearnet, LCH.Clearnet is expected to repurchase an additional 6 million ordinary shares from us by April 2008,
subject to certain conditions. Following the second repurchase, we will retain a 5% stake in LCH.Clearnet’s outstanding share capital and will retain the right to appoint one director to LCH.Clearnet’s board of directors. 

Despite these terms and the other contractual arrangements with LCH.Clearnet and Euroclear for the provision of services, we do not have any significant
influence over their businesses generally, particularly with respect to their relationships with third parties. To the extent that LCH.Clearnet or Euroclear experiences serious difficulties or materially changes their business relationship with us,
our business may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, because LCH.Clearnet and Euroclear each plays a vital role in the functioning of certain of our exchanges, we may be affected by any difficulties that either of them experiences. If
this occurs, we could be harmed financially or our reputation could suffer. 

We face foreign currency exchange rate risk. 

Since we conduct operations in both the United States and Europe, a substantial portion of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated
in U.S. dollars, euros and pounds sterling. Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, especially the euro/pound sterling against the U.S. dollar, could have a material impact on our
reported results. We may also experience other market risks, including changes in interest rates and in prices of marketable equity securities that we own. We may use derivative financial instruments to reduce certain of these risks. If our
strategies to reduce our foreign currency exchange rate risks are not successful, our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

53 

Table of Contents