Risks
 Relating to Our Industry

 We
 face intense competition and compete globally with a broad range
 of market participants for listings and trading
 volumes.

 Our industry is highly competitive. We face significant
 competition for listings and trading of cash equities,
 exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, structured products,
 futures, options and other derivatives. We expect competition in
 our industry to intensify. Increased competition from existing
 and new competitors could cause our exchanges to experience a
 decline in their share of listing and trading activity. Such a
 decline would mean that we would lose the associated transaction
 fees and proportionate share of market data fees, and could have
 increased pressure on our fee levels in order to remain
 competitive.

 Recent trends towards the liberalization and globalization of
 world capital markets have resulted in greater mobility of
 capital, greater international participation in local markets
 and more competition among markets in different geographical
 areas. As a result, global competition among listing venues,
 trading markets and other execution venues has become more
 intense. In addition, in the last several years the structure of
 the exchange sector has changed significantly through industry
 consolidation and demutualizations (in which an exchange
 converts from member ownership to for-profit status), trends
 that have contributed to a more intense competitive environment.

 Our current and prospective competitors are numerous and include
 both traditional and non-traditional trading venues. These
 include regulated markets, electronic communications networks
 and other alternative trading systems, market makers, banks,
 brokers and other financial market participants. Some of these
 competitors are also among our largest customers. Regulatory
 changes enacted in the EU in 2007 facilitated the entry into our
 markets of MTFs that operate on a pan-European basis. In
 addition to increased competition from MTFs, we face significant
 and growing competition from financial institutions that have
 the ability to divert trading volumes from us. For example,
 banks and brokers may assume the role of principal and act as
 counterparty to orders originating from their customers, thus
 “internalizing” order flow that would otherwise be
 transacted on one of our exchanges. Banks and brokers may also
 enter into bilateral trading arrangements by matching their
 order flows, depriving our exchanges of potential trading
 volumes. We expect to face competition from new entrants into
 our markets, such as new MTFs and new initiatives sponsored by
 existing market participants such as banks and liquidity
 providers.

 We compete with other market participants in a variety of ways,
 including the cost, quality and speed of trade execution, market
 liquidity, the functionality, ease of use and performance of
 trading systems, the range of products and services offered to
 customers and listed companies, technological innovation and
 reputation. Our competitors may:

 • 

 respond more quickly to competitive pressures, particularly if
 they are not subject to the same degree of regulatory oversight
 as we are;

 23

Table of Contents

 • 

 develop products and services that are preferred by our
 customers;

 • 

 price their products and services more competitively in order to
 gain market share;

 • 

 develop and expand their network infrastructure and service
 offerings more efficiently;

 • 

 utilize faster, more efficient technology;

 • 

 consolidate and form alliances, which may give their markets
 greater liquidity, lower costs and better pricing than we will
 be able to offer;

 • 

 market, promote and sell their products and services more
 effectively; and

 • 

 better leverage their relationships with customers and alliance
 partners or better exploit brand names to market and sell their
 services.

 Many of our current and prospective competitors have greater
 financial resources than we do, and many are subject to less
 burdensome regulation than we face. See “— Risks
 Relating to Regulation — We may face competitive
 disadvantages if we do not receive necessary regulatory
 approvals for new business initiatives.” If we fail to
 compete successfully, our business, financial condition and
 operating results may be adversely affected. For more
 information on the competitive environment in which we operate,
 see Item 1 — “Business —
 Competition.”

 Our
 industry is characterized by intense price
 competition.

 Our industry is characterized by intense price competition. The
 pricing model for trade execution for equity securities has
 changed in response to competitive market conditions. Some of
 our competitors have recently lowered the fees that they charge
 and increased the liquidity payments (or rebates) they provide
 as an incentive for providers of liquidity in certain markets.
 In addition, we face price competition in the fees that we
 charge to list securities on our exchanges. It is likely that we
 will continue to experience significant pricing pressures,
 including as a result of continuing consolidations, and that
 some of our competitors will seek to increase their share of
 trading or listings by further reducing their transaction fees,
 by offering larger liquidity payments or by offering other forms
 of financial or other incentives. Our operating results could be
 adversely affected as a result of these factors. For example, we
 could lose a substantial percentage of our share of trading if
 we are unable to effectively compete on price, or our profit
 margins could decline if we reduce pricing in response. In
 addition, our competitors have in the past and may in the future
 engage in aggressive pricing strategies. Some competitors,
 especially those outside of the United States, have high profit
 margins in business areas in which we do not engage, which may
 enable them to execute these strategies. This environment could
 lead to loss of order flow and decreased revenues, and
 consequently could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 Current
 economic conditions could negatively impact our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 General economic conditions affect the overall level of trading
 activity and new listings in securities markets. As a result,
 our operations are directly affected by worldwide economic
 conditions and economic conditions prevailing in our markets. A
 significant portion of our revenue depends, either directly or
 indirectly, on transaction-based fees that, in turn, depend on
 our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute
 terms and relative to other market centers. Adverse economic
 conditions may result in a decline in trading volume and demand
 for market data and a deterioration of the economic welfare of
 our listed companies, which may adversely affect our revenues
 and future growth. Declines in volumes may impact our market
 share or pricing structures. Poor economic conditions may also
 negatively impact new listings by reducing the number or size of
 securities offerings.

 We also generate a significant portion of our revenues from
 listing fees, although this revenue has been declining in recent
 years. Poor economic conditions, industry-specific
 circumstances, capital market trends and regulatory requirements
 may also negatively impact new listings by reducing the number
 or size of securities offerings.

 Recent global market and economic conditions have been difficult
 and volatile, in particular for financial services companies
 that are our most significant customers. While volatile markets
 can generate increased

 24

Table of Contents

 transaction volume, prolonged recessionary conditions can
 adversely affect trading volumes and the demand for market data,
 and can lead to slower collections of accounts receivable as
 well as increased counterparty risk. In the event of a
 significant and sustained decline in trading volumes, we would
 lose revenue, and our inability to quickly reduce infrastructure
 and overhead expenses would likely adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and operating results. In
 addition, we have experienced a decline in new listings and an
 increase in delistings of companies that no longer satisfy our
 continued listing standards, and these trends may continue.

 Risks
 Relating to Our Business

 Our
 share of trading in NYSE-listed securities has declined and may
 continue to decline.

 As a result of increasing competition, our share of trading on a
 matched basis in NYSE-listed securities has declined from
 approximately 45.6% in 2008 to 38.4% in 2009. Although our share
 of the market has stabilized, if our trading share continues to
 decrease relative to our competitors, we may be less attractive
 to market participants as a source of liquidity. This could
 further accelerate our loss of trading volume. Similarly, a
 lower trading share of NYSE-listed securities may cause issuers
 to question the value of an NYSE listing, which could adversely
 impact our listing business. If growth in our overall trading
 volume of NYSE-listed securities does not offset any significant
 decline in our trading share, or if a decline in our trading
 share in NYSE-listed securities makes the NYSE’s market
 appear less liquid, then our business, financial condition and
 operating results could be adversely affected.

 In addition, in the United States, the allocation of market data
 revenues among competing market centers is tied to trading
 share. A decline in NYSE trading share lowers the percentage of
 the NMS tape pool revenues from the Consolidated Tape
 Association and Unlisted Trading Privileges that NYSE keeps.
 Declines in our trading share could also adversely affect the
 growth, viability and importance of some of our market data
 products.

 Our
 share of trading in Euronext-listed securities has declined and
 may continue to decline.

 In Europe, MiFID, which went into effect in November 2007,
 promoted competition from alternative trading platforms, or
 MTFs. Subsequently, a number of MTFs have been launched, or will
 be launched during 2010. These platforms offer trading in the
 securities listed on Euronext and other European regulated
 markets and compete directly with us for market share. In 2009,
 our market share of our listed securities declined, and although
 we are taking steps to stabilize this decline, it may continue
 in 2010. If our trading share continues to decrease relative to
 our competitors, we may be less attractive to market
 participants as a source of liquidity. This could further
 accelerate our loss of trading volume. If growth in our overall
 trading volume of Euronext-listed securities does not offset any
 significant decline in our trading share, or if a decline in our
 trading share in Euronext-listed securities makes the Euronext
 market appear less liquid, then our business, financial
 condition and operating results could be adversely affected.

 Broad
 market trends and other factors beyond our control could
 significantly reduce demand for our services and harm our
 business, financial condition and operating
 results.

 Our business, financial condition and operating results are
 highly dependent upon the levels of activity on our exchanges,
 and in particular upon the volume of financial instruments
 traded, the number and shares outstanding of listed issuers, the
 number of new listings, the number of traders in the market and
 similar factors. Our financial condition and operating results
 are also dependent upon the success of our commercial technology
 business, which, in turn, is directly dependent on the
 commercial well being of our customers. We have no direct
 control over these variables. Among other things, we depend more
 upon the relative attractiveness of the financial instruments
 traded on our exchanges, and the relative attractiveness of the
 exchanges as a market on which to trade these financial
 instruments, as compared to other exchanges and trading
 platforms. These variables are in turn influenced by economic,
 political and market conditions in the United States, Europe and
 elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including
 those described under “— Risks Relating to Our
 Industry — Current economic conditions could
 negatively impact our business, financial condition and
 operating results” and factors such as:

 • 

 broad trends in business and finance, including
 industry-specific circumstances, capital market trends and the
 mergers and acquisitions environment;

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 terrorism and war;

 • 

 concerns over inflation and the level of institutional or retail
 confidence;

 • 

 changes in government monetary policy and foreign currency
 exchange rates;

 • 

 the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;

 • 

 the availability of alternative investment opportunities;

 • 

 changes in the level of trading activity;

 • 

 changes and volatility in the prices of securities;

 • 

 changes in tax policy;

 • 

 the level and volatility of interest rates;

 • 

 legislative and regulatory changes, including the potential for
 regulatory arbitrage among regulated and unregulated markets if
 significant policy differences emerge among markets;

 • 

 the perceived attractiveness, or lack of attractiveness, of the
 U.S. capital markets;

 • 

 the perceived attractiveness, or lack of attractiveness, of the
 European capital markets;

 • 

 the outbreak of contagious disease pandemics or other public
 health emergencies in the regions in which we operate which
 could decrease levels of economic and market activities; and

 • 

 unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading.

 If levels of activity on our exchanges are adversely affected by
 any of the factors described above or other factors beyond our
 control, then our business, financial condition and operating
 results could also be adversely affected.

 Current
 economic conditions could make it difficult for us to finance
 our operations.

 During 2009, companies in many different industries found it
 difficult to borrow money from banks and other lending sources,
 and also experienced difficulty raising funds in the capital
 markets. Continued instability in the financial markets, as a
 result of recession or otherwise, may affect our cost of capital
 and our ability to raise capital. Our ability to raise financing
 could be impaired if rating agencies, lenders or investors
 develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term
 financial prospects, or of prospects for our industry. Although
 we do not currently anticipate substantial difficulties in
 accessing the bank lending and debt capital markets when needed,
 if difficult market conditions continue we cannot be sure that
 we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at
 all.

 If our
 goodwill or intangible assets become impaired we may be required
 to record a significant charge to earnings.

 Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States, we review our amortizable intangible assets for
 impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill and
 indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at
 least annually, and are also tested when factors arise that may
 be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the
 carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be
 recoverable, such as a decline in stock price and market
 capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower
 growth rates in our businesses. We may be required to record a
 significant charge in our financial statements during the period
 in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is
 determined. See Item 7 — “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Impairment of Goodwill, Intangible Assets
 and Other Assets.” If additional impairment charges are
 incurred, our financial condition and operating results could be
 adversely affected.

 26

Table of Contents

 We
 face foreign currency exchange rate risk and other market
 risks.

 Since we conduct operations in several different countries,
 including the United States and several European countries,
 substantial portions of our assets, liabilities, revenues and
 expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, euros and pounds
 sterling. Because our financial statements are denominated in
 U.S. dollars, fluctuations in currency exchange rates can
 materially affect our reported results. We may also experience
 other market risks, including changes in interest rates and in
 prices of marketable equity securities that we own. We may use
 derivative financial instruments to reduce certain of these
 risks. If our strategies to reduce these market risks are not
 successful, our financial condition and operating results could
 be adversely affected.

 Any
 strategic transactions that we undertake may require significant
 resources, result in significant unanticipated costs or
 liabilities or fail to deliver anticipated
 benefits.

 We have in the past and may continue to enter into business
 combination transactions, make acquisitions and enter into
 partnerships, joint ventures and other strategic investments or
 alliances, some of which may be material. The market for
 acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly
 competitive, particularly in light of consolidation in the
 exchange sector and existing or potential future restrictions on
 foreign direct investments in some countries. Market conditions
 may limit our ability to use our stock as an acquisition
 currency. In addition, our bylaws require acquisitions, mergers
 and consolidations involving more than 30% of our aggregate
 equity market capitalization or value (or, under certain
 circumstances, transactions involving an entity whose principal
 place of business is outside of the United States and Europe) to
 be approved by two-thirds of our directors. These and other
 factors may adversely affect our ability to identify acquisition
 targets or strategic partners consistent with our objectives, or
 may make us less attractive as an acquiror or strategic partner.

 We cannot be sure that we will complete any business
 combination, acquisition, partnership, joint venture or
 strategic investment or alliance that we announce. Completion of
 these transactions is usually subject to closing conditions,
 including regulatory approvals, over which we have limited or no
 control. Even if we do succeed in completing a transaction, the
 process of integration may produce unforeseen operating
 difficulties and expenses and may absorb significant attention
 of management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing
 development of the business. In addition, in connection with any
 such transaction, we may issue shares of our stock that dilute
 our existing stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume
 contingent liabilities or incur other expenses, any of which
 could harm our business, financial condition or operating
 results.

 We cannot be sure that we will recognize the anticipated
 benefits of any transaction we undertake, such as any expected
 cost savings, growth opportunities, synergies or improvements in
 our competitive profile. For example, we previously announced
 that we expect the combination of the NYSE Group and Euronext to
 achieve $250 million in annualized run rate cost savings by
 the fourth quarter of 2010 and that we expected the acquisition
 of NYSE Amex to achieve annualized run-rate cost savings in
 excess of $100 million by the end of 2009. While we
 achieved our expected cost savings in 2009 related to the
 acquisition of NYSE Amex and fully expect to achieve the cost
 savings and synergies associated with the combination of the
 NYSE Group and Euronext, there can be no assurance that we will
 achieve these savings and synergies in the time currently
 expected, or at all. A variety of factors, including
 unanticipated difficulties integrating our existing technology
 platforms onto our UTP, regulatory changes, competitive
 developments, labor conflicts and litigation, currency
 fluctuations and inflation, may adversely affect any anticipated
 cost savings, revenue potential or other anticipated benefits.
 The anticipated benefits of a particular transaction may not be
 realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected.

 We cannot direct the actions of strategic partners or joint
 ventures that we do not control. We are generally unable to
 cause dividends or distributions to be made to us from the
 entities in which we have a minority investment or to direct the
 management of such entities. Some of our investments may entail
 particular risks, including the possibility that a partner,
 majority investor or co-venturer may have different interests or
 goals, and may take action contrary to our instructions,
 requests, policies or business objectives, any and all of which
 could adversely impact our brand name and reputation. Also, our
 minority positions generally will be illiquid due to regulatory
 impediments to sale or because the market for them is limited.
 If we are unable to successfully maximize the benefits of our
 strategic investments and joint ventures, our business,
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 27

Table of Contents

 We
 face risks when entering into or increasing our presence in
 markets where we do not currently compete or entering into new
 business lines.

 We may enter into or increase our presence in markets that
 already possess established competitors who may enjoy the
 protection of high barriers to entry. Attracting customers in
 certain countries may also be subject to a number of risks,
 including currency exchange rate risk, difficulties in enforcing
 agreements or collecting receivables, longer payment cycles,
 compliance with the laws or regulations of these countries, and
 political and regulatory uncertainties. We may also enter into
 newly developing arenas of competition, such as MTFs in Europe,
 where less regulated competitors exist and demand for such
 services is subject to uncertainty. As a result, demand and
 market acceptance for our products and services within these
 markets will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty and
 risk. We may be unable to enter into or increase our presence in
 these markets and compete successfully.

 We also expect to expand into the commercial technology business
 as a part of our business strategy. Our experience in this line
 of business is limited and demand and market acceptance for our
 products and services within this line of business will be
 subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk and we may be
 unable to compete successfully with more experienced market
 participants.

 Our
 business may be adversely affected by risks associated with
 clearing activities.

 Our U.K. regulated derivatives subsidiary, the London Market of
 NYSE Liffe (for the purposes of this paragraph, “NYSE
 Liffe”), took full responsibility for clearing activities
 in our U.K. derivatives market on July 30, 2009. As a
 result, NYSE Liffe became the central counterparty for contracts
 entered into by its clearing members on the NYSE Liffe market
 and outsources certain services to LCH.Clearnet through the NYSE
 Liffe Clearing arrangement. NYSE Liffe has credit exposure to
 those clearing members. NYSE Liffe’s clearing members may
 encounter economic difficulties as a result of the market
 turmoil and tightening credit markets, which could result in
 bankruptcy and failure. NYSE Liffe offsets its credit exposure
 through arrangements with LCH.Clearnet in which LCH.Clearnet
 provides clearing guarantee backing and related risk functions
 to NYSE Liffe, and under which LCH.Clearnet is responsible for
 any defaulting member positions and for applying its resources
 to the resolution of such a default. In addition, NYSE Liffe
 maintains policies and procedures to help ensure that its
 clearing members can satisfy their obligations, including by
 requiring members to meet minimum capital and net worth
 requirements and to deposit collateral for their trading
 activity. Nevertheless, we cannot be sure that in extreme
 circumstances, LCH.Clearnet might not itself suffer
 difficulties, in which case these measures might not prove
 sufficient to protect NYSE Liffe from a default, or might fail
 to ensure that NYSE Liffe is not materially and adversely
 affected in the event of a significant default. See
 Item 1 — “Business — Products and
 Services — Order Execution —
 Europe — Derivatives Trading — Clearing and
 Settlement.”

 We have also entered into a joint venture with the DTCC to
 establish NYPC, which is expected to be operational in the third
 quarter of 2010, subject to definitive documentation and
 regulatory approval. NYPC will initially clear fixed income
 derivatives traded on NYSE Liffe US, with the ability to add
 other exchanges in the future. We plan to commit a
 $50 million financial guarantee to the NYPC default fund
 and will face clearing risks similar to those we expect to face
 with respect to NYSE Liffe Clearing. We may also in the future
 expand our clearing operations to other markets and financial
 products, which would increase our exposure to these types of
 risks.

 We
 operate in a business environment that continues to experience
 significant and rapid technological change.

 Technology is a key component of our business strategy, and we
 regard it as crucial to our success. We seek to offer market
 participants a comprehensive suite of
 best-in-class
 technology solutions in a centralized environment, including
 successfully transitioning to our UTP on a global basis and
 implementing our global data center strategy. However, we
 operate in a business environment that has undergone, and
 continues to experience, significant and rapid technological
 change. In recent years, electronic trading has grown
 significantly, and customer demand for increased choice of
 execution methods has increased. To remain competitive, we must
 continue to enhance and

 28

Table of Contents

 improve the responsiveness, functionality, capacity,
 accessibility and features of our trading platforms, software,
 systems and technologies. Our success will depend, in part, on
 our ability to:

 • 

 develop and license leading technologies;

 • 

 enhance existing trading platforms and services and create new
 platforms and services;

 • 

 respond to customer demands, technological advances and emerging
 industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely
 basis; and

 • 

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff
 to maintain and develop existing technology and to adapt to and
 manage emerging technologies.

 The development and expansion of electronic trading and market
 data related technologies entail significant technological,
 financial and business risks. Any failure or delay in exploiting
 technology, or failure to exploit technology as effectively as
 competitors, could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 The adoption of new technologies or market practices may require
 us to devote additional resources to improve and adapt our
 services. For example, the growth of algorithmic and so called
 “black box trading” requires us to increase systems
 and network capacity to ensure that increases in message traffic
 can be accommodated without adverse effect on system
 performance. Keeping pace with these ever increasing
 requirements can be expensive, and we cannot be sure that we
 will succeed in making these improvements to our technology
 infrastructure in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to
 anticipate and respond to the demand for new services, products
 and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis and to
 adapt to technological advancements and changing standards, we
 may be unable to compete effectively, which could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
 Moreover, we may incur substantial development, sales and
 marketing expenses and expend significant management effort to
 add new products or services to our trading platforms. Even
 after incurring these costs, we ultimately may not realize any,
 or may realize only small amounts of, revenues for these new
 products or services. Consequently, if revenue does not increase
 in a timely fashion as a result of these expansion initiatives,
 the up-front costs associated with expansion may exceed revenue
 and reduce our working capital and income.

 Our
 reliance on third parties could adversely affect our business if
 these third parties cease to perform the functions that they
 currently perform at NYSE Euronext.

 We rely on third parties for certain clearing and regulatory
 services. For example, we are dependent on LCH.Clearnet to
 provide a clearing guarantee and manage related risk functions
 in connection with clearing on our European cash and derivatives
 markets. We also rely on the services of Euroclear for settling
 transactions on our European cash markets (except in Portugal).
 Additionally, we have a contractual arrangement with FINRA
 pursuant to which FINRA performs certain regulatory functions on
 our behalf. To the extent that LCH.Clearnet, Euroclear or FINRA
 experiences difficulties, materially changes their business
 relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform
 their obligations, our business or our reputation may be
 materially adversely affected.

 We also rely on members of our trading community to maintain
 markets and add liquidity. Recent global market and economic
 conditions have been difficult and volatile, in particular for
 financial services companies such as our members. To the extent
 that any of our largest members experiences difficulties,
 materially changes their business relationship with us or is
 unable for any reason to perform market making activities, our
 business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.

 Insufficient
 systems capacity and systems failures could adversely affect our
 business.

 Our business depends on the performance and reliability of
 complex computer and communications systems. Heavy use of our
 platforms and order routing systems during peak trading times or
 at times of unusual market volatility could cause our systems to
 operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. Our
 U.S. systems capacity requirements could grow significantly
 in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including
 changes in the NYSE market and growth in our options trading
 business. Our failure to maintain systems or to ensure
 sufficient capacity may also result in a temporary disruption of
 our regulatory and reporting functions.

 29

Table of Contents

 We have experienced systems failures in the past, and it is
 possible that we will experience systems failures in the future.
 Systems failures could be caused by, among other things, periods
 of insufficient capacity or network bandwidth, power or
 telecommunications failures, acts of God or war, terrorism,
 human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or
 software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, intentional
 acts of vandalism and similar events over which we have little
 or no control. We also rely on third parties for systems
 support. Any interruption in these third-party services or
 deterioration in the performance of these services could also be
 disruptive to our business. In addition, our systems may be
 adversely affected by failures of other trading systems, as a
 result of which we may be required to suspend trading activity
 in particular securities or, under certain circumstances, unwind
 trades.

 If we cannot expand system capacity to handle increased demand,
 or if our systems otherwise fail to perform and we experience
 disruptions in service, slower response times or delays in
 introducing new products and services, then we could incur
 reputational damage, regulatory sanctions, litigation, loss of
 trading share, loss of trading volume and loss of revenues, any
 of which could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 Our
 networks and those of our third-party service providers may be
 vulnerable to security risks.

 The secure transmission of confidential information over public
 and other networks is a critical element of our operations. Our
 networks and those of our third-party service providers may be
 vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other
 security problems. Persons who circumvent security measures
 could wrongfully access and use our information or our
 customers’ information, or cause interruptions or
 malfunctions in our operations. Our security measures are
 costly, and may prove to be inadequate. This could cause us to
 incur reputational damage, regulatory sanctions, litigation,
 loss of trading share, loss of trading volume and loss of
 revenues, any of which could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 We may
 be at greater risk from terrorism than other
 companies.

 Given our position as the world’s leading market, our
 prominence in the global securities industry, and the
 concentration of many of our properties and personnel in
 U.S. and European financial centers, including lower
 Manhattan, we may be more likely than other companies to be a
 direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by
 terrorists or terrorist organizations, or other extremist
 organizations that employ threatening or harassing means to
 achieve their social or political objectives.

 It is impossible to predict the likelihood or impact of any
 terrorist attack on the securities industry generally or on our
 business. In the event of an attack or a threat of an attack,
 our security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to
 prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or
 access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business.
 For example, if part or all of our primary data center
 facilities become inoperable, our disaster recovery and business
 continuity planning practices may not be sufficient and we may
 experience a significant delay in resuming normal business
 operations. Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks
 may be significantly in excess of insurance coverage, and we may
 not be able to insure against some damage at a reasonable price
 or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively
 affect our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition,
 terrorist attacks may cause instability or decreased trading in
 the securities markets, including trading on exchanges. Any of
 these events could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 Damage
 to our reputation could adversely affect our
 business.

 One of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and
 brand name. Our reputation could be harmed in many different
 ways, including by regulatory, governance or technology failures
 or the activities of members or listed companies whom we do not
 control. Damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not
 to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the
 trading volume on our exchanges. Any of these events could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
 results.

 30

Table of Contents

 A
 failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or
 allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property
 rights of others, could adversely affect our
 business.

 We own or license rights to a number of trademarks, service
 marks, trade names, copyrights and patents that we use in our
 business, including exclusive rights to use certain indexes as
 the basis for equity index derivatives products traded on our
 futures markets. To protect our intellectual property rights, we
 rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent
 laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and
 other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, customers,
 strategic investors and others. The protective steps taken may
 be inadequate to deter misappropriation of our intellectual
 property. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or
 take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property
 rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately
 could harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete
 effectively. Further, defending our intellectual property rights
 may require significant financial and managerial resources, the
 expenditure of which may adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 Third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims
 against us, which may be costly to defend, could require the
 payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain
 technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. Some of
 our competitors currently own patents and have actively been
 filing patent applications in recent years, some of which may
 relate to our trading platforms and business processes. As a
 result, we may face allegations that we have infringed or
 otherwise violated the intellectual property rights of third
 parties. Any intellectual property claims, with or without
 merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and could divert
 management resources and attention. Successful challenges
 against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of
 technology or business processes where such use is found to
 infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to
 purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
 results.

 We are
 subject to significant litigation risks and other
 liabilities.

 Many aspects of our business involve litigation
 risks. These risks include, among others, potential
 liability from disputes over terms of a securities trade or from
 claims that a system or operational failure or delay caused
 monetary losses to a customer, as well as potential liability
 from claims that we facilitated an unauthorized transaction or
 that we provided materially false or misleading statements in
 connection with a transaction. Dissatisfied customers frequently
 make claims against their service providers regarding quality of
 trade execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or
 even fraud. Although aspects of our business are protected by
 regulatory immunity, we could nevertheless be exposed to
 substantial liability under U.S. federal and state laws and
 court decisions, laws and court decisions in the other countries
 where we operate, as well as rules and regulations promulgated
 by the SEC, CFTC or European and other regulators. We could
 incur significant expenses defending claims, even those without
 merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or
 claim against us may require us to pay substantial damages or
 impose restrictions on how we conduct business, either of which
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
 operating results. For a discussion of certain legal claims
 against us, see Item 8 — “Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements —
 Note 17 — Commitments and
 Contingencies — Legal Matters.”

 Perceptions
 about the legal and regulatory environment in the United States
 may make it difficult for us to compete with
 non-U.S.
 exchanges.

 Our U.S. exchanges compete for listings of securities of
 both U.S. and
 non-U.S. companies.
 However, the legal and regulatory environment in the United
 States, and market perceptions about that environment, may make
 it difficult for our U.S. exchanges to compete with

non-U.S. exchanges
 for listings. For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 imposes a stringent set of corporate governance, reporting and
 other requirements on both U.S. and

non-U.S. companies
 with securities listed on a U.S. exchange. Significant
 resources are necessary for companies to comply with the
 requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and we believe this has
 had an adverse impact on the ability of our U.S. exchanges
 to attract and retain listings. In this regard, the number of
 U.S. companies that have chosen to list shares exclusively
 on a

non-U.S. exchange
 has increased in recent years. At the same time, both
 U.S. and

non-U.S. companies
 are increasingly seeking to access the U.S. capital markets
 through private

 31

Table of Contents

 transactions that do not involve listing on a
 U.S. exchange, such as through Rule 144A transactions
 directed exclusively to mutual funds, hedge funds and other
 large institutional investors.

 The SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have
 taken steps to address some of these concerns through
 initiatives that include revisions to the rules relating to
 internal control over financial reporting established under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, rules that
 facilitate the delisting and deregistration of securities issued
 by some
 non-U.S. companies,
 and rules that exempt some

non-U.S. companies
 from U.S. GAAP reconciliation requirements. It is unclear
 whether U.S. or

non-U.S. companies
 will exhibit greater interest in accessing the U.S. public
 markets as a result of these changes. Moreover, the rules
 facilitating a

non-U.S. company’s
 ability to delist its securities and exit the U.S. public
 company reporting system may make it more difficult for us to
 retain listings of

non-U.S. companies,
 and may diminish the perception of our U.S. exchanges as
 premier listing venues, which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and operating results.

 Provisions
 of our organizational documents may delay or deter a change of
 control.

 Our organizational documents contain provisions that may have
 the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of
 control, or an acquisition proposal, that our stockholders might
 consider favorable. These include provisions:

 • 

 vesting our board of directors with sole power to set the number
 of directors;

 • 

 limiting the persons that may call special stockholders’
 meetings;

 • 

 limiting stockholder action by written consent;

 • 

 requiring supermajority stockholder approval with respect to
 certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws;

 • 

 restricting any person (either alone or together with its
 related persons) from voting or causing the voting of shares of
 stock representing more than 10% of our outstanding voting
 capital stock (including as a result of any agreement by any
 other persons not to vote shares of stock); and

 • 

 restricting any person (either alone or together with its
 related persons) from beneficially owning shares of stock
 representing more than 20% of the outstanding shares of any
 class or series of our capital stock.

 In addition, our board of directors has the authority to issue
 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the
 rights and preferences of these shares without stockholder
 approval. Any series of preferred stock is likely to be senior
 to our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation
 rights. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred
 stock could have the effect of discouraging unsolicited
 acquisition proposals, thus adversely affecting the market price
 of our common stock.

 The
 market price of our common stock may be volatile.

 Securities and derivatives markets worldwide experience
 significant price and volume fluctuations. This market
 volatility, as well as the factors listed below, could affect
 the market price of our common stock:

 • 

 quarterly variations in our results of operations or the results
 of operations of our competitors;

 • 

 changes in earning estimates, investors’ perceptions,
 recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve
 analysts’ earning estimates or ratings downgrades;

 • 

 the announcement of new products or service enhancements by us
 or our competitors;

 • 

 announcements related to litigation;

 • 

 potential acquisitions by us of other companies;

 • 

 developments in our industry; and

 • 

 general economic, market and political conditions and other
 factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating
 performance of our competitors.

 32

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Relating to Regulation

 We
 operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to
 censures, fines and other legal proceedings if we fail to comply
 with our legal and regulatory obligations.

 We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to
 extensive regulation. The securities industry is subject to
 extensive governmental regulation and could become subject to
 increased regulatory scrutiny. As a matter of public policy,
 these regulations are designed to safeguard the integrity of the
 securities and other financial markets and to protect the
 interests of investors in those markets. The SEC and CFTC
 regulate our U.S. exchanges and have broad powers to audit,
 investigate and enforce compliance with their rules and
 regulations and impose sanctions for non-compliance. European
 regulators have similar powers with respect to our exchanges in
 their respective countries. As the scope of our business
 expands, we may also become subject to oversight by other
 regulators. As a result of the current market conditions, recent
 nationalizations and bailouts, there might be increasing demand
 for more regulation and stricter oversight which could cause
 excessive regulatory burdens. Our ability to comply with
 applicable laws and rules will largely depend on our
 establishment and maintenance of appropriate systems and
 procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain
 qualified personnel.

 Both the U.S. regulators and the European regulators are
 vested with broad enforcement powers over exchanges in their
 respective jurisdictions, including powers to censure, fine,
 issue
 cease-and-desist
 orders, prohibit an exchange from engaging in some of its
 operations or suspend or revoke an exchange’s recognition,
 license or registration. In the case of actual or alleged
 non-compliance with regulatory requirements, our exchanges could
 be subject to investigations and administrative or judicial
 proceedings that may result in substantial penalties, including
 revocation of an exchange’s recognition, license or
 registration. Any such investigation or proceeding, whether
 successful or unsuccessful, would result in substantial costs
 and diversions of resources and could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and operating results.

 We may
 face competitive disadvantages if we do not receive necessary or
 timely regulatory approvals for new business
 initiatives.

 We currently operate three U.S. registered national
 exchanges and one DCM. Pursuant to U.S. laws and
 regulations, these exchanges are responsible for regulating
 their member organizations through the adoption and enforcement
 of rules governing the trading activities, business conduct and
 financial responsibility of their member organizations and the
 individuals associated with them. Changes to the rules of the
 U.S. registered securities exchanges are generally subject
 to the approval of the SEC, which publishes proposed rule
 changes for public comment. Changes to our certificate of
 incorporation or bylaws and changes to the organizational
 documents or rules of our U.S. exchanges, to the extent
 affecting the activities of these exchanges, must also be
 approved. We may from time to time seek to engage in new
 business activities, some of which may require changes to our or
 our U.S. exchanges’ organizational documents or rules.

 We also operate exchanges in France, Belgium, Portugal, the
 Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Regulators in each of these
 countries regulate exchanges through the adoption and
 enforcement of rules governing the trading activities, business
 conduct and financial responsibility of such exchanges and
 individuals associated with them. All of our initiatives in
 these jurisdictions with regulatory implications must be
 approved by the relevant authorities in each of these countries,
 as well as by the coordinating bodies set up under the Euronext
 regulators’ memoranda of understanding. Changes to our
 certificate of incorporation or bylaws and changes to the
 organizational documents or rules of our European exchanges, to
 the extent affecting the activities of these exchanges, may also
 require approvals. We may from time to time seek to engage in
 new business activities, some of which may require changes to
 our or our European exchanges’ organizational documents or
 rules.

 Any delay or denial of a requested approval could cause us to
 lose business opportunities, slow our ability to integrate our
 different markets or slow or impede our ability to change our
 governance practices. Our competitive position could be
 significantly weakened if our competitors are able to obtain
 regulatory approval for new functionalities faster, or with less
 cost or difficulty, than we are, or if approval is not required
 for our competitors but is required for us. Competitors that are
 not registered exchanges are subject to less stringent
 regulation. In addition, as we seek to expand our product base,
 we could become subject to the oversight of additional
 regulatory bodies.

 33

Table of Contents

 An
 “extraterritorial” change of law may adversely affect
 our business and, under certain special arrangements, our rights
 to control a substantial portion of our assets.

 We operate exchanges and regulated markets in various
 jurisdictions and thus are subject to a variety of laws and
 regulations. Although we do not anticipate that there will be a
 material adverse application of European laws to our
 U.S. exchanges, or a material adverse application of
 U.S. laws to our European exchanges, the possibility of
 such an occurrence cannot be ruled out entirely. If this were to
 occur, and we were not able to effectively mitigate the effects
 of such “extraterritorial” application, our affected
 exchanges could experience a reduction in the number of listed
 companies or business from other market participants, or our
 business could otherwise be adversely affected.

 In addition, in connection with obtaining regulatory approval of
 the merger between NYSE and Euronext, we implemented certain
 special arrangements consisting of two standby structures, one
 involving a Dutch foundation and one involving a Delaware trust.
 The Dutch foundation is empowered to take actions to mitigate
 the adverse effects of any potential changes in U.S. law
 that have certain extraterritorial effects on the European
 regulated markets of NYSE Euronext, and the Delaware trust is
 empowered to take actions to ameliorate the adverse effects of
 any potential changes in European law that have certain
 extraterritorial effects on our U.S. exchanges. These
 actions include the exercise by the foundation or the trust of
 potentially significant control over our European or the
 U.S. Operations, as the case may be. Although the Dutch
 foundation and the Delaware trust are required to act in our
 best interest, subject to certain exceptions, and any remedies
 implemented may be implemented only for so long as the effects
 of the material adverse application of law persist, we may, as a
 result of the exercise of such rights, be required to transfer
 control over a substantial portion of our business and assets to
 the direction of the trust or of the foundation. Any such
 transfer of control could adversely affect our ability to
 implement our business strategy and operate on an integrated and
 global basis, which could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 Regulatory
 changes or future court rulings may have an adverse impact on
 our ability to derive revenue from market data
 fees.

 Regulatory developments could reduce the amount of revenue that
 we obtain from market data fees. With respect to our
 U.S. exchanges, the ability to assess fees for market data
 products is contingent upon receiving approval from the SEC.
 There continue to be opposing industry viewpoints as to the
 extent that we should be able to charge for market data, and it
 is conceivable that the SEC could undertake an examination of
 exchange market data fees. If such an examination is conducted,
 and the results are detrimental to our U.S. exchanges’
 ability to charge for market data, there could be a negative
 impact on our revenues. In November 2004, the SEC proposed
 corporate governance, transparency, oversight and ownership
 rules for registered national exchanges and other SROs and
 issued a concept release examining the efficacy of
 self-regulation. The concept release also solicited public
 comment concerning the level of market data fees, following
 several years of claims from some competitors and data
 intermediaries that market data fees and revenues are excessive.
 We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory
 changes will take effect, or their impact on our business. A
 determination by the SEC, for example, to link market data fees
 to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the market data
 rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of market
 data fees could have an adverse effect on our market data
 revenues.

 Our European exchanges are currently authorized to sell trade
 information on a non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost.
 This regulatory position could be modified or interpreted by the
 European Commission or future European court decisions in a
 manner that could have an adverse effect on our European market
 data revenues.

 Conflicts
 of interest between our for-profit status and our regulatory
 responsibilities may adversely affect our
 business.

 We are a for-profit business with regulatory responsibilities.
 In some circumstances, there may be a conflict of interest
 between the regulatory responsibilities of certain of our
 exchanges and some of their respective member organizations and
 customers. Any failure by one of our exchanges with
 self-regulatory responsibility to diligently and fairly regulate
 its member organizations or to otherwise fulfill its regulatory
 obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt
 regulatory scrutiny and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and operating results.

 34

Table of Contents

 NYSE Regulation, our wholly-owned
 not-for-profit
 subsidiary, performs market surveillance of our SEC regulated
 U.S. exchanges and related enforcement activities and
 enforces listed company compliance with applicable standards.
 Similarly, Euronext is responsible for monitoring trading and
 enforcing Euronext rules. Conflicts of interest may exist when a
 for-profit entity, such as NYSE Euronext, also functions as the
 operator of a regulated exchange. The for-profit entity’s
 goal of maximizing stockholder value might conflict with the
 exchange’s responsibilities as a regulator of its member
 and listed companies. Conflicts also arise when a company lists
 its securities on an exchange that it owns. The listing of our
 common stock on the NYSE and Euronext could potentially create a
 conflict between the exchanges’ regulatory responsibilities
 to vigorously oversee the listing and trading of securities, on
 the one hand, and the exchanges’ commercial and economic
 interest, on the other hand. While NYSE Euronext has implemented
 structural protections to minimize these potential conflicts, we
 cannot be sure that such measures will be successful. For a
 discussion of some of these structural protections, see
 Item 1 — “Business —
 Regulation — United States — NYSE
 Regulation — Structure, Organization and Governance of
 NYSE Regulation.”

 Our
 obligation to fund NYSE Regulation limits our ability to
 reduce our expenses or use our cash in other ways.

 NYSE Regulation has undertaken to perform the regulatory
 functions of our SEC regulated U.S. exchanges. These
 exchanges are required to allocate significant resources to NYSE
 Regulation. In addition, no regulatory fees, fines or penalties
 collected by NYSE Regulation may be distributed to NYSE Euronext
 or any entity other than NYSE Regulation. The obligation to
 fund NYSE Regulation could limit our ability to reduce our
 expense structure, and could limit our ability to invest in or
 pursue other opportunities that may be beneficial to our
 stockholders.