.

In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all
businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and our company could materially
impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of these risk factors that
should be reviewed when considering our securities. These are not all the risks we face, and other
factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future operations.

Competition: We compete with a variety of retailers, dealers, distributors, contract stationers,
direct marketers and internet operators throughout our worldwide operations. This is a highly
competitive marketplace that includes such retail competitors as office supply stores, warehouse
clubs, computer and electronics stores, mass merchant retailers, local merchants, grocery and
drug-store chains as well as other competitors including direct mail and internet merchants,
contract stationers, and direct manufacturers. Our competitors may be local, regional, national or
international. Further, competition may come from highly-specialized low-cost merchants, including
ink refill stores and kiosks, original equipment manufacturers, concentrated direct marketing
channels including well-funded and broad-based enterprises. There is a possibility that any or all
of these competitors could become more aggressive in the future, thereby increasing the number and
breadth of our competitors. In recent years, new and well-funded competitors have begun competing
in certain aspects of our business. For example, two major common carriers of goods have retail
outlets that allow them to compete directly for copy, printing, packaging and shipping business,
and offer products and services similar to those we offer. While they do not yet have the breadth
of products that we offer, they are extremely competitive in the areas of package shipping and copy
and print centers. Recently, the so-called warehouse clubs have expanded upon their “in-store”
offerings by adding catalog and internet sales channels, offering a broad assortment of office
products for sale on a direct delivery basis. In order to achieve and maintain expected
profitability levels in our three operating divisions, we must continue to grow by adding new
customers and taking market share from competitors and using aggressive pricing necessary to retain
existing customers. If we fail to adequately address and respond to these pressures in both North
America and internationally, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Execution of Expansion Plans: We plan to open approximately 75 stores in the North American Retail
Division during 2008. Circumstances outside of our control could negatively impact these
anticipated store openings. We cannot determine with certainty whether our new store openings,
including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail concepts, will be successful. The failure
to expand by successfully opening new stores as planned, or the failure of a significant number of
these stores to perform as planned, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Cannibalization of Sales in Existing Office Depot Stores: As we expand the number of our stores in
existing markets, pursuing a ‘fill-in’ strategy that is both “offensive” and “defensive” in nature,
sales in our existing stores may suffer from cannibalization (as customers of our existing stores
begin shopping at our own new stores). Extensive cannibalization of existing stores, as we open new
stores, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Costs of Remodeling and Re-merchandising Stores: Remodeling and re-merchandising our stores is a
necessary aspect of maintaining a fresh and appealing image to our customers. The expenses
associated with such activities could have a significant negative impact on our future earnings.
Business lost during remodeling periods, because of customer inconvenience, may not be recovered or
successfully redirected to other stores in the area. Our growth, through both store openings and
possible acquisitions, may continue to require the expansion and upgrading of our information,
operational and financial systems, as well as necessitate the hiring of new store associates at all
levels. If we are unsuccessful in achieving an acceptable return on this design, unsuccessful at
hiring the right associates, or unsuccessful at implementing appropriate systems, such failure
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.

International Activity: We may enter additional international markets as attractive opportunities
arise. Such entries could take the form of start-up ventures, acquisitions of stock or assets or
joint ventures or licensing arrangements. Internationally, we face such risks as foreign currency
fluctuations, unstable political and economic conditions, and, because some of our foreign
operations are not wholly owned, the potential for compromised operating control in certain
countries. In addition, the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than
those that prevail in the United States, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage against other
companies that do not have to comply with standards of financial controls, Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act requirements, or business integrity that we are committed to maintaining as a U.S.
publicly traded company. Our results may continue to be affected by all of these factors. All of
these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

9

Table of Contents

Global Sourcing of Products/Private Brand: In recent years, we have substantially increased the
number and types of products that we sell under our private brands. We currently offer general
office supplies, computer supplies, business machines and related supplies, and office furniture
under various labels, including Office Depot
®, Viking Office Products
®, Niceday™, Foray
®, Ativa
®,
Break Escapes™, Worklife™ and Christopher Lowell
TM. Sources of supply may prove to be
unreliable, or the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations. We have
recently opened our own product sourcing office in China and are reducing our reliance on the use
of third-party trading companies. While this may improve our cost structure, it also makes our
company more accountable for relationships with the Asian factories and other sources of private
branded product and increases our risks associated with doing business in that region of the world.
Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source such products, as well as shipping
and dockage issues could adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or both.
Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of
realization of any such indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws in
certain parts of Asia make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from
our customers as if we were the manufacturer of the products. Because of the limited number of
ports through which goods may be imported into the United States (located primarily on the West
Coast), we are subject to potential disruption of our supplies of goods for resale due to labor
unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. Finally, as a
significant importer of manufactured goods from foreign countries, we are vulnerable to security
concerns, labor unrest and other factors that may affect the availability and reliability of ports
of entry for the products that we source. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Product Availability; Potential Cost Increases: In addition to selling our private brand
merchandise, we are a reseller of other manufacturers’ branded items and are thereby dependent on
the availability and pricing of key products, including ink, toner, paper and technology products,
to name a few. As a reseller, we cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the
products we offer for sale. Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in production of
these products may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we
cannot control the cost of manufacturers’ products and cost increases must either be passed along
to our customers or result in an erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products
and make them available to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Government Contracts: One of our largest clients currently consists of various state and local
governments, a relationship, which is subject to uncertain future funding levels and federal and
state procurement laws and requires restrictive contract terms; any of these factors could curtail
current or future business. Contracting with state and local
governments is highly competitive and can be expensive and time-consuming, often requiring that we
incur significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our
ability to compete successfully for and retain business with these various state and local
governments is highly dependent on cost-effective performance. Our government business is also
sensitive to changes in national and international priorities and U.S., state and local government
budgets.

Possible Business Disruption Because of Weather: Weather conditions may affect any business,
especially retail businesses, including snow storms, high winds and heavy rain. Because of our
heavy concentration in the southern United States (including Florida and the Gulf Coast), our
company may be more susceptible than some others to the effects of tropical weather disturbances.
For example, during 2004 and 2005, we sustained disruption to our businesses in the United States
due to the number and severity of weather events in the Southeastern United States, including
record numbers of hurricanes. While we have been able to recover quickly from these events in the
past, the long-range weather forecast calls for higher than normal tropical storm activity,
especially in the Southeastern United States for a number of years into the future. It is
impossible to know whether these storms will occur as forecasted, or the location or severity of
such storms. Winter storm conditions in the Midwest and Southwest, areas that also have a large
concentration of our business activities, could result in supply chain constraints or other
business disruptions. We believe that we have taken reasonable precautions to prepare for any such
weather-related events, but our precautions may not be adequate to deal with such events in the
future. If these events occur in the future (as they almost certainly will), and if they should
impact areas in which we have concentrations of retail stores or distribution facilities, such
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

New Systems and Technology: We frequently modify our information systems and technology to increase
productivity and efficiency. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions that,
if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and
implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our
customers demand as well as our ability to complete requisite filings
with the SEC. Also, when implemented, the new systems and technology may not provide the
benefits anticipated and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. A failure to
effectively convert to these systems or to realize the intended efficiencies could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Labor Costs: We are heavily dependent upon our labor force to identify new customers and provide
desired products and services to existing customers. We attempt to attract and retain an
appropriate level of personnel in both field operations and corporate functions. Our compensation
packages are designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level of expected service. However,
within our retail operations, we face the challenge of filling many positions at wage scales that
are appropriate to the industry and competitive factors. We operate in a number of jurisdictions.
It can be cumbersome to comply with labor laws and regulations, many of which vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. This has added to our labor costs in some locales as we have had to
add personnel to monitor and track compliance with sometimes arcane rules and regulations that
impact retailers in particular. As a result of these and other factors, we face many external risks
and internal factors in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified personnel,
overall unemployment levels, works councils (in our international locations), prevailing wage
rates, as well as rising employee benefit costs, including insurance costs and compensation
programs. We also engage third parties in some of our processes such as delivery and transaction
processing and these providers may face similar issues. Changes in any of these factors, including
especially a shortage of available workforce in the areas in which we operate, could interfere with
our ability to adequately provide services to customers and result in increasing our labor costs.
Any failure to meet increasing demands on securing our workforce could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

10

Table of Contents

Operating Costs: We operate a large network of stores and delivery centers around the globe. As
such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and
customers. We also incur significant shipping costs to bring products from overseas producers to
our distribution systems. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying
commodity costs associated with this transport activity have been volatile in recent periods and
disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the
extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, we rely on predictable and available energy costs
to light our stores and operate our equipment. Increases in any of the components of energy costs
could have an adverse impact on our earnings, as well as our ability to satisfy our customers in a
cost effective manner. Any of these factors that could impact the availability or cost of our
energy resources could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.

Possible Changes to Our Global Tax Rate: As a result of our operations in many foreign countries,
in addition to the United States, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable
tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our
income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax
filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be lower or higher than
that of other companies or higher or lower than our tax rates have been in the past. At any given
point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated mix of the
tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of income likely to be generated
in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in
the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to
accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we
operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the
jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate,
which change could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Regulatory Environment: While all businesses are subject to regulatory matters relating to the
conduct of their businesses, including consumer protection laws, advertising regulations, wage and
hour regulations and the like, certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly aggressive stance
with respect to such matters and have stepped up enforcement, including fines and other sanctions.
We transact substantial amounts of business in certain such jurisdictions, and to the extent that
our business locations are exposed to what might be termed an overly aggressive enforcement
environment or legal or regulatory systems that authorize or encourage private parties to pursue
relief under so-called private attorney general laws and similar authorizations for private parties
to pursue enforcement of governmental laws and regulations, the resulting fines and exposure to
third party liability (such as monetary recoveries and recoveries of attorneys fees) could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including the added cost of
increased preventative measures that we may determine to be necessary to conduct business in such
locales.

Litigation Risks: Litigation and governmental investigations or proceedings arising out of or
related to our Audit Committee’s internal accounting review could result in substantial costs. The
SEC has issued a formal order of investigation to determine whether we have violated the Federal
securities laws. Although we are cooperating with the SEC in this matter, the SEC may determine
that we have violated Federal securities laws. We cannot predict when this investigation will be
completed or its outcome. If the SEC makes a determination that we have violated Federal securities
laws, we may face sanctions, including, but not limited to, significant monetary penalties and
injunctive relief.

In addition, we have been named a defendant in a number of class-action and related lawsuits. The
findings and outcome of the SEC investigation may affect the class-action and derivative lawsuits
that are pending. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our
directors and our former directors and officers who are named defendants in some of these lawsuits.
We are unable to estimate what our liability in these matters may be, and we may be required to pay
judgments or settlements and incur expenses in aggregate amounts that could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See “Part II — Item 1 — Legal
Proceedings” for a description of pending litigation and governmental proceedings and
investigations.

Regulatory Risks: We are subject to a formal order of investigation from the SEC, in connection
with our contacts and communications with financial analysts during 2007, as well as certain other
matters, including inventory receipt, timing of vendor payments, certain intercompany loans and the
timing of recognition of vendor program funds. We are cooperating with the SEC on all matters. A
negative outcome from this investigation could require us to restate prior financial results and
could result in fines, penalties, or other remedies being imposed on us, which under certain
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business.

11

Table of Contents

Material Weakness in Internal Controls: In connection with the restatement of our previously issued
financial statements and the related reassessment of our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to the rules promulgated by the Commission under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and Item 308 of Regulation S-K, management concluded that as of December 30, 2006, our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective and that we had a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting. Please refer to Item 9A of this Form 10-K for further
discussion of the remediation of this material weakness as of December 29, 2007. Should we identify
any other material weakness, such weakness could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition, as well as impair our ability to meet our quarterly,
annual and other reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in a timely
manner. These effects could in turn adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and
could result in a material misstatement of our financial position or results of operations and
require a further restatement of our financial statements.

Sales may be Negatively Impacted by Changes in the Economy that Impact Small Business and Consumer
Spending: Sales may be negatively impacted by changes in economic conditions. Our customers in
the North American Retail Division and many of our customers in the North American Business
Solutions Division are predominantly small and home office businesses. Accordingly, these
customers may curtail their spending in reaction to macroeconomic conditions, such as changes in
the housing market, higher fuel costs, higher credit costs, credit availability, possible recession
and other factors. This could result in reductions in their spending on office supplies and
negatively impact our sales and profits. Further, our North American sales are heavily
concentrated in California and Florida; two states that have experienced strong economic growth in
the past, but which are currently experiencing a greater economic downturn. Because of this
geographic concentration, we may have a disproportionately negative impact on our sales and profits
in North America if the economic downturn continues. Additionally, similar economic factors could
impact our operations internationally, as has been experienced in the UK during 2007.

Compromises of our Information Security: Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and
store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services,
enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact
with us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal course of
business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects
of our business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be
certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. A breach of our
security system resulting in customer or employee personal information being obtained by
unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations and expose us to
claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, our online operations at 
www.officedepot.com depend upon the
secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information
permitting cashless payments.

Pursuit or Execution of New Business Ventures: Our growth strategy includes expansion via new
business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions both in the U.S. and abroad. While we
employ several different valuation methodologies to assess a potential opportunity, we can give no
assurance that new business ventures and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial
performance. Acquisitions may result in the diversion of our capital and our management’s attention
from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to assimilate or integrate
successfully companies that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution,
operations and general operating procedures. If we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired
companies successfully, our business could suffer materially. We may also encounter challenges in
achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting in connection with the integration
of an acquired company. In addition, the integration of any acquired company, and its financial
results, into ours may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Financial Covenants in Existing Credit Facility: Our revolving credit facility contains financial
covenants, including a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,
and amortization. Although historically none of our covenants have been restrictive to our
operations, we may not be able to meet the financial covenants in the
future if minimum fixed charge coverage ratios are not met. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our revolving credit
agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our revolving credit agreement, the
lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and
terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of
borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our revolving credit agreement and our other
indebtedness. Also, should there be an event of default, we may be subject to higher borrowing
costs and more restrictive covenants in future periods. Acceleration of any obligation under any of
our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate
their obligations. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources”.

Disclaimer of Obligation to Update

We assume no obligation (and specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk
Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual
results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.