.

In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all
businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and our company could materially
impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of these risk factors that
should be reviewed when considering our securities. These are not all the risks we face, and other
factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future operations.

Economic Conditions May Cause a Decline in Business and Consumer Spending Which Could Adversely
Affect Our Business and Financial Performance: Our operating results and performance depend
significantly on worldwide economic conditions and their impact on business and consumer spending. 
The decline in business and consumer spending resulting from the global recession and the
deterioration of global credit markets has caused our comparable store sales to decline from prior
periods and we have experienced similar declines in our other domestic and international
businesses.  Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by
current and future economic conditions and the level of consumer debt and interest rates, which may
cause a continued or further decline in business and consumer spending.

Supplier Credit and Order Fulfillment Risk: We purchase products for resale under credit
arrangements with our vendors. In recent years, we have worked to set payment terms to our vendors
under these credit arrangements to occur at a time approximately equal to the anticipated time it
takes to sell the vendor’s products. In weak global markets, vendors may seek credit insurance to
protect against non-payment of amounts due to them. If we continue to experience declining
operating performance, and if we experience severe liquidity challenges, vendors may demand that we
accelerate our payment for their products. Also, credit insurers may curtail or eliminate coverage
to the vendors. If vendors begin to demand accelerated payment of amounts due to them or if they
begin to require advance payments or letters of credit before goods are shipped to us, these
demands could have a significant adverse impact on our operating cash flow and result in a severe
drain on our liquidity. Borrowings under our existing credit facility could reach maximum levels
under such circumstances and we would seek alternative liquidity measures but may not be able to
meet our obligations as they become due. In addition if our suppliers are unable to access
liquidity or become insolvent, they could be unable to supply us with product. Also, some of our
suppliers may serve other industries. Any adverse impacts to those industries, as a result of the
economic slowdown or credit crisis, could have a ripple effect on these suppliers which could
adversely impact their ability to supply us as necessary. Any such disruptions could negatively
impact our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, which in turn could have an
adverse impact on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flow.

Liquidity: Historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operating activities and have
had access to broad financial markets that provide the liquidity we need to operate our business.
Together, these sources have been used to fund operating and working capital needs, as well as
invest in business expansion through new store openings, capital improvements and acquisitions.
However, due to the downturn in the global economy our operating results and liquidity have
diminished. In September 2008, we entered into a $1.25 billion asset based credit facility
intended to provide liquidity. The recent distress in the financial markets has resulted in
extreme volatility in the capital markets and diminished liquidity and credit availability. There
can be no assurance that our liquidity will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial
markets and the global economy. In addition, deterioration in our financial results could
negatively impact our credit ratings. The tightening of the credit markets or a downgrade in our
credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and make it more difficult for us to access
funds, to refinance our existing indebtedness, to enter into agreements for new indebtedness or to
obtain funding through the issuance of securities. If such conditions were to persist, we would
seek alternative sources of liquidity but may not be able to meet our obligations as they become
due.

Financial Covenants in Existing Credit Facility: Our asset based credit facility contains a fixed
charge coverage ratio covenant that is operative only when borrowing availability is below $187.5
million or prior to a restricted transaction, such as incurring additional indebtedness,
acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, or share repurchases. The agreement also contains
representations, warranties, fees, affirmative and negative covenants, and default provisions. A
breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement. Upon the
occurrence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the lenders could elect to
declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to
extend further credit. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have
sufficient assets to repay our revolving credit agreement and our other indebtedness. Also, should
there be an event of default, or need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be
subject to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive covenants in future periods. Acceleration
of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other
material debt to accelerate their obligations. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources”.

9

Table of Contents

New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) Compliance Risk: Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE.
Subject to NYSE rules, we are required to maintain compliance with the minimum share price rule
which requires that the average closing price of our common stock be at least $1.00. If we were
unable to maintain a minimum share price of at least $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive trading
days our common stock could be subject to delisting. A delisting of our common stock could
negatively impact us by reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock, reducing the
number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, which could negatively impact our
ability to raise equity financing.

Litigation / Regulatory Risks: We are involved in various legal proceedings, which may involve
class action lawsuits, state and federal governmental inquiries and investigations, employment,
tort, consumer litigation and intellectual property litigation. Certain of these legal proceedings
are described in detail in our Legal Proceedings Section. These legal proceedings could expose us
to significant defense costs, fines, penalties, suspensions,
debarments and liability to private parties for monetary
recoveries and attorneys’ fees, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

Litigation and governmental investigations could result in substantial additional costs. The SEC is
investigating our compliance with Federal securities laws and certain states and federal agencies
are investigating our pricing under certain contracts. Although we are cooperating with the
governmental agencies in these matters, they may determine that we have violated some laws or
regulations. If these agencies determine that we have violated some laws or regulations, we may
face sanctions, including, but not limited to, significant monetary penalties, injunctive relief
and loss of business.

In addition, we have been named a defendant in a number of class-action and related lawsuits. The
findings and outcome of the SEC investigation may affect the class-action and derivative lawsuits
that are pending. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our
directors and our former directors and officers who are named defendants in some of these lawsuits.
We are unable to estimate what our liability in these matters may be, and we may be required to pay
judgments or settlements and incur expenses in aggregate amounts that could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See
“Part I — Item 3 — Legal
Proceedings” for a description of pending litigation and governmental proceedings and
investigations.

Competition: We compete with a variety of retailers, dealers, distributors, contract stationers,
direct marketers and internet operators throughout our worldwide operations. This is a highly
competitive marketplace that includes such retail competitors as office supply stores, warehouse
clubs, computer and electronics stores, mass merchant retailers, local merchants, grocery and
drug-store chains as well as other competitors including direct mail and internet merchants,
contract stationers, and direct manufacturers. Our competitors may be local, regional, national or
international. Further, competition may come from highly-specialized low-cost merchants, including
ink refill stores and kiosks, original equipment manufacturers, concentrated direct marketing
channels including well-funded and broad-based enterprises. There is a possibility that any or all
of these competitors could become more aggressive in the future, thereby increasing the number and
breadth of our competitors. In recent years, new and well-funded competitors have begun competing
in certain aspects of our business. For example, two major common carriers of goods have retail
outlets that allow them to compete directly for copy, printing, packaging and shipping business,
and offer products and services similar to those we offer. While they do not yet have the breadth
of products that we offer, they are extremely competitive in the areas of package shipping and copy
and print centers. Recently, the so-called warehouse clubs have expanded upon their “in-store”
offerings by adding catalog and internet sales channels, offering a broad assortment of office
products for sale on a direct delivery basis. In order to achieve and maintain expected
profitability levels in our three operating divisions, we must continue to grow by adding new
customers and taking market share from competitors and using pricing necessary to retain existing
customers. If we fail to adequately address and respond to these pressures in both North America
and internationally, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

Government Contracts: One of our largest U.S. clients currently consists of various state and local
governments, a relationship, which is subject to uncertain future funding levels and federal and
state procurement laws and requires restrictive contract terms; any of these factors could curtail
current or future business. Contracting with state and local governments is highly competitive and
can be expensive and time-consuming, often requiring that we incur significant upfront time and
expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our ability to compete successfully for
and retain business with the federal and various state and local governments is highly dependent on
cost-effective performance. Our government business is also sensitive to changes in national
and international priorities and U.S., state and local government budgets.

10

Table of Contents

Execution of Expansion Plans: We plan to open approximately 15 stores in the North American Retail
Division during 2009. Circumstances outside of our control could negatively impact these
anticipated store openings. We cannot determine with certainty whether our new store openings,
including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail concepts, will be successful. The failure
to expand by successfully opening new stores as planned, or the failure of a significant number of
these stores to perform as planned, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Costs of Remodeling and Re-merchandising Stores: Remodeling and re-merchandising our stores is a
necessary aspect of maintaining a fresh and appealing image to our customers. The expenses
associated with such activities could have a significant negative impact on our future earnings.
Business lost during remodeling periods, because of customer inconvenience, may not be recovered or
successfully redirected to other stores in the area. Our growth, through both store openings and
possible acquisitions, may continue to require the expansion and upgrading of our information,
operational and financial systems, as well as necessitate the hiring of new store associates at all
levels. If we are unsuccessful in achieving an acceptable return on this design, unsuccessful at
hiring the right associates, or unsuccessful at implementing appropriate systems, such failure
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.

International Activity: We may enter additional international markets as attractive opportunities
arise. Such entries could take the form of start-up ventures, acquisitions of stock or assets or
joint ventures or licensing arrangements. Internationally, we face such risks as foreign currency
fluctuations, unstable political and economic conditions, and, because some of our foreign
operations are not wholly owned, the potential for compromised operating control in certain
countries. In addition, the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than
those that prevail in the United States, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage against other
companies that do not have to comply with standards of financial controls, Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act requirements, or business integrity that we are committed to maintaining as a U.S.
publicly traded company. Our results may continue to be affected by all of these factors. All of
these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Product Availability; Potential Cost Increases: In addition to selling our private brand
merchandise, we are a reseller of other manufacturers’ branded items and are thereby dependent on
the availability and pricing of key products, including ink, toner, paper and technology products,
to name a few. As a reseller, we cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the
products we offer for sale. Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in production of
these products may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we
cannot control the cost of manufacturers’ products and cost increases must either be passed along
to our customers or result in an erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products
and make them available to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Global Sourcing of Products/Private Brand: In recent years, we have substantially increased the
number and types of products that we sell under our private brands. We currently offer general
office supplies, computer supplies, business machines and related supplies, and office furniture
under various labels, including Office Depot
®, Viking Office Products
®, Niceday™, Foray
®, Ativa
®,
Break Escapes™, Worklife™ and Christopher Lowell
TM. Sources of supply may prove to be
unreliable, or the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations. We have
recently opened our own product sourcing office in China and are reducing our reliance on the use
of third-party trading companies. While this may improve our cost structure, it also makes our
company more accountable for relationships with the Asian factories and other sources of private
branded product and increases our risks associated with doing business in that region of the world.
Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source such products, as well as shipping
and dockage issues could adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or both.
Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of
realization of any such indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws in
certain parts of Asia make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from
our customers as if we were the manufacturer of the products. Most of our imported goods to the
United States arrive from Asia, and the ports through which these goods are imported are located
primarily on the West Coast. Therefore, we are subject to potential disruption of our supplies of
goods for resale due to labor unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of
these ports. Finally, as a significant importer of manufactured goods from foreign countries, we
are vulnerable to security concerns, labor unrest and other factors that may affect the
availability and reliability of ports of entry for the products that we source. Any of these
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Possible Business Disruption Because of Weather: Weather conditions may affect any business,
especially retail businesses, including snow storms, high winds and heavy rain. Because of our
heavy concentration in the southern United States (including Florida and the Gulf Coast), our
company may be more susceptible than some others to the effects of tropical weather disturbances.
For example, during 2004 and 2005, we sustained disruption to our businesses in the United States
due to the number and severity

11

Table of Contents

of weather events in the Southeastern United States, including record numbers of hurricanes. While
we have been able to recover quickly from these events in the past, the long-range weather forecast
calls for higher than normal tropical storm activity, especially in the Southeastern United States,
for a number of years into the future. It is impossible to know whether these storms will occur as
forecasted, or the location or severity of such storms. Winter storm conditions in the Midwest and
Southwest, areas that also have a large concentration of our business activities, could result in
supply chain constraints or other business disruptions. We believe that we have taken reasonable
precautions to prepare for any such weather-related events, but our precautions may not be adequate
to deal with such events in the future. If these events occur in the future (as they almost
certainly will), and if they should impact areas in which we have concentrations of retail stores
or distribution facilities, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

New Systems and Technology: We frequently modify our information systems and technology to increase
productivity and efficiency. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions that,
if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and
implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our
customers demand as well as our ability to complete requisite filings with the SEC. Also, when
implemented, the new systems and technology may not provide the benefits anticipated and could add
costs and complications to our ongoing operations. A failure to effectively convert to these
systems or to realize the intended efficiencies could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Labor: We are heavily dependent upon our labor force to identify new customers and provide desired
products and services to existing customers. We attempt to attract and retain an appropriate level
of personnel in both field operations and corporate functions. Our compensation packages are
designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level of expected service. However, within our
retail operations, we face the challenge of filling many positions at wage scales that are
appropriate to the industry and competitive factors. We operate in a number of jurisdictions. It
can be cumbersome to comply with labor laws and regulations, many of which vary from jurisdiction
to jurisdiction. This has added to our labor costs in some locales as we have had to add personnel
to monitor and track compliance with sometimes arcane rules and regulations that impact retailers
in particular. As a result of these and other factors, we face many external risks and internal
factors in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified personnel, overall
unemployment levels, works councils (in our international locations), prevailing wage rates, as
well as rising employee benefit costs, including insurance costs and compensation programs. We also
engage third parties in some of our processes such as delivery and transaction processing and these
providers may face similar issues. Changes in any of these factors, including especially a shortage
of available workforce in the areas in which we operate, could interfere with our ability to
adequately provide services to customers and result in increasing our labor costs. Any failure to
meet increasing demands on securing our workforce could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, changes in the
process for our employees to join a union could disrupt our business and add costs.

Unionization: While our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot be
assured that we will not experience pressure from labor unions or become the target of campaigns
similar to those faced by our competitors. The potential for unionization could increase if the
United States Congress passes federal “card check” legislation. We have always respected our
employees’ right to unionize or not to unionize. However, the unionization of a significant portion
of our workforce could increase our overall costs at the affected locations and adversely affect
our flexibility to run our business in the most efficient manner to remain competitive or acquire
new business. In addition, significant union representation would require us to negotiate wages,
salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely
affect our results of operations by increasing our labor costs or otherwise restricting our ability
to maximize the efficiency of our operations.

Operating Costs: We operate a large network of stores and delivery centers around the globe. As
such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and
customers. We also incur significant shipping costs to bring products from overseas producers to
our distribution systems. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying
commodity costs associated with this transport activity have been volatile in recent periods and
disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the
extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, we rely on predictable and available energy costs
to light our stores and operate our equipment. Increases in any of the components of energy costs
could have an adverse impact on our earnings, as well as our ability to satisfy our customers in a
cost effective manner. Any of these factors that could impact the availability or cost of our
energy resources could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.

Possible Changes to Our Global Tax Rate: As a result of our operations in many foreign countries,
in addition to the United States, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable
tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our
income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax
filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be lower or higher than
that of other companies or higher or lower than our tax rates have been in the past. At any given
point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a

12

Table of Contents

calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of income
likely to be generated in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing
jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country,
changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple
jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in
process in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in
our overall tax rate, which change could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Regulatory Environment: While businesses are subject to regulatory matters relating to the conduct
of their businesses, including consumer protection laws, advertising regulations, wage and hour
regulations and the like, certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly aggressive stance with
respect to such matters and have stepped up enforcement, including fines and other sanctions. We
transact substantial amounts of business in certain such jurisdictions, and to the extent that our
business locations are exposed to what might be termed an overly aggressive enforcement environment
or legal or regulatory systems that authorize or encourage private parties to pursue relief under
so-called private attorney general laws and similar authorizations for private parties to pursue
enforcement of governmental laws and regulations, the resulting fines and exposure to third party
liability (such as monetary recoveries and recoveries of attorneys fees) could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including the added cost of increased
preventative measures that we may determine to be necessary to conduct business in such locales.

Compromises of our Information Security: Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and
store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services,
enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact
with us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal course of
business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects
of our business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be
certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. A breach of our
security system resulting in customer or employee personal information being obtained by
unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations and expose us to
claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, our online operations at 
www.officedepot.com depend upon the
secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information
permitting cashless payments.

Pursuit or Execution of New Business Ventures: Our growth strategy includes expansion via new
business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions both in the U.S. and abroad. While we
employ several different valuation methodologies to assess a potential opportunity, we can give no
assurance that new business ventures and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial
performance. Acquisitions may result in the diversion of our capital and our management’s attention
from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to assimilate or integrate
successfully companies that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution,
operations and general operating procedures. If we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired
companies successfully, our business could suffer materially. We may also encounter challenges in
achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting in connection with the integration
of an acquired company. In addition, the integration of any acquired company, and its financial
results, into ours may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Disclaimer of Obligation to Update

We assume no obligation (and specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk
Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual
results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.