.

In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all
businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and
our company could materially
impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of these risk factors
that should be reviewed when considering our securities. These are not all the risks we face, and other factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future
operations.

Competition: We compete with a variety of retailers, dealers, distributors, contract stationers,
direct marketers and internet operators throughout our worldwide operations. This is a highly
competitive marketplace that includes such retail competitors as office supply stores, warehouse
clubs, computer and electronics stores, mass merchant retailers, local merchants, grocery and
drug-store chains as well as other competitors including direct mail and internet merchants,
contract stationers, and direct manufacturers. Our competitors may be local, regional, national or
international. Further, competition may come from highly-specialized low-cost merchants, including
ink refill stores and kiosks, original equipment manufacturers, concentrated direct marketing
channels or well-funded and broad-based enterprises. There is a possibility that any or all of
these competitors could become more aggressive in the future, thereby increasing the number and
breadth of our competitors.

In recent years, new and well-funded competitors have begun competing in certain aspects of our
business. For example, two major common carriers of goods completed acquisitions of retail
outlets that will allow them to compete directly for copy, printing, packaging and shipping
business, and possibly offer products and services similar to ones we offer.

In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels in our three operating divisions, we
must continue to grow by adding new customers and taking market share from competitors, while
maintaining service levels, and aggressive pricing necessary to retain existing customers. If we
fail adequately to address and respond to these pressures in both North America and
internationally, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our
operations.

Execution of Expansion Plans: We plan to open at least 100 stores in the United States and Canada
and approximately five to 20 stores in our International Group during 2006. Circumstances outside
our control could negatively impact these anticipated store openings. We cannot determine with
certainty whether our new store openings, including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail
concepts, will be successful. The failure to expand by successfully opening new stores as planned,
or the failure of a significant number of these stores to perform as planned, could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Cannibalization of Sales in Existing Office Depot Stores: As we expand the number of our stores in
existing markets, pursuing a ‘fill-in’ strategy that is both “offensive” and “defensive” in nature,
sales in our existing stores may suffer from cannibalization (as customers of our existing stores
begin shopping at our own new stores). Extensive cannibalization of existing stores, as we open
new stores, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Costs of Remodeling and Re-merchandising Stores: Remodeling and re-merchandising our stores is a
necessary aspect of maintaining a fresh and appealing image to our customers. The expenses
associated with such activities could have a significant negative impact on our future earnings.
Our growth, through both store openings and possible acquisitions, may continue to require the
expansion and upgrading of our information, operational and financial systems, as well as
necessitate the hiring of new store associates at all levels. If we are unsuccessful in achieving
an acceptable ROI on this design, unsuccessful at hiring the right associates, or unsuccessful at
implementing appropriate systems, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of our operations.

International Activity: We may enter additional international markets as attractive opportunities
arise. Such entries could take the form of start-up ventures, acquisitions of stock or assets or
joint ventures or licensing arrangements. Internationally, we face such risks as foreign currency
fluctuations, unstable political and economic conditions, and, because some of our foreign
operations are not wholly owned, compromised operating control in certain countries. Our results
may continue to be affected by all of these factors. All of these risks could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Global Sourcing of Products/Private Brand: In recent years, we have substantially increased the
number and types of products which we sell under our own Office Depot
®, Viking
®, Foray™, Niceday™,
Ativa
TM and other private brands. Sources of supply may prove to be unreliable, or the
quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations. Economic and civil unrest
in areas of the world where we source such products, as well as shipping and dockage issues could
adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or both. Moreover, as we seek
indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of realization of any such
indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws in certain parts of the Far
East make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from our customers as
if we were the manufacturer of the products. Any of these circumstances could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

9

Product Availability: In addition to selling our private brand merchandise, we are a reseller of
other manufacturer’s branded items and are thereby dependent on the availability and pricing of key
products including ink, toner, paper and technology products, to name a few. As a reseller, we
cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the products we offer for sale.
Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in production of these products may adversely
affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we cannot control the cost of
manufacturer’s products and cost increases must either be passed along to our customers or will
result in erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products and make them available
to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have a material averse effect on our
business and results of operations.

Possible Business Disruption Due to Weather: During 2004 and 2005, we sustained disruption to our
businesses in the United States due to the number and severity of weather events in the
Southeastern United States, including record numbers of hurricanes. While we have been able to
recover quickly from these events during the past two years, the long-range weather forecast calls
for higher than normal tropical storm activity, especially in the Southeastern United States for a
number of years in the future. It is impossible to know whether these storms will occur as
forecast, or the location or severity of such storms. We believe that we have taken reasonable
precautions to prepare for such weather-related events, but there is no assurance that our
precautions will be adequate to deal with such events in the future. If these events occur as
forecast, and if they should impact areas in which we have concentrations of retail stores or
distribution facilities, such events could have a materially adverse effect on our financial
position or operating results in the future.

New Systems and Technology: We frequently modify our systems and technology to increase
productivity and efficiency. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions that,
if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and
implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our
customers demand. Also, when implemented, the systems and technology may not provide the benefits
anticipated and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. A failure to
effectively convert to these systems or to realize the intended efficiencies could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Labor Costs: We are heavily dependent on our labor force to identify new customers and provide
desired products and services to existing customers. We attempt to attract and retain an
appropriate level of personnel in both field operations and corporate functions. Our compensation
packages are designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level of expected service.
However, as a retailer we face the challenge of filling many positions at wage scales that are low,
although appropriate to the industry and competitive factors. As a result, we face many external
risks and internal factors in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified
personnel, overall unemployment levels, international labor works councils (in our international
locations), prevailing wage rates, as well as rising employee benefit costs, including insurance
costs and compensation programs. We also engage third parties in some of our processes such as
delivery and transaction processing and these providers may face similar issues. Changes in any of
these factors, including especially a shortage of available workforce in the areas in which we
operate, could interfere with our ability to adequately provide services to customers and result in
increasing our labor costs. Any failure to meet increasing demands on securing our workforce could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Operating Costs: We operate a large network of stores and delivery centers around the globe. As
such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and
customers. We also incur significant shipping costs to bring products from overseas producers to
our distribution systems. The underlying commodity costs associated with this transport activity
have been volatile in recent periods and disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our
operating costs to rise significantly. Additionally, we rely on predictable and available energy
costs to light our stores and operate our equipment. Increases in any of the components of energy
costs could have an adverse impact on our earnings, as well as our ability to satisfy our customers
in a cost effective manner. Any of these factors that could impact the availability or cost of our
energy resources could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our
operations.

Possible Changes to our Global Tax Rate: Our company is a multi-national, multi-channel reseller
of office products and services. As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, in
addition to the United States, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax
rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income,
any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing
positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be lower or higher than that
of other companies or higher or lower than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our
estimate of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time upon a calculated mix of the
tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of business likely to be done in
any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the
mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to
accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which
we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the
jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate,
which change could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

10

Disclaimer of Obligation to Update

We assume no obligation (and specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk
Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual
results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.