.

In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all
businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and our company could materially
impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of these risk factors
that should be reviewed when considering our securities. These are not all the risks we face, and
other factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future operations.

Competition: We compete with a variety of retailers, dealers, distributors, contract stationers,
direct marketers and internet operators throughout our worldwide operations. This is a highly
competitive marketplace that includes such retail competitors as office supply stores, warehouse
clubs, computer and electronics stores, mass merchant retailers, local merchants, grocery and
drug-store chains as well as other competitors including direct mail and internet merchants,
contract stationers, and direct manufacturers. Our competitors may be local, regional, national or
international. Further, competition may come from highly-specialized low-cost merchants, including
ink refill stores and kiosks, original equipment manufacturers, concentrated direct marketing
channels or well-funded and broad-based enterprises. There is a possibility that any or all of
these competitors could become more aggressive in the future, thereby increasing the number and
breadth of our competitors.

In recent years, new and well-funded competitors have begun competing in certain aspects of our
business. For example, two major common carriers of goods have retail
outlets that allow them to compete directly for copy, printing, packaging and shipping business,
and offer products and services similar to ones we offer. While they do not yet offer the breadth
of products that we offer, they are extremely competitive in the areas of package shipping and copy
and print centers. Recently, the so-called warehouse clubs have expanded upon their “in-store”
offerings by adding catalog and internet sales channels, offering a broad assortment of office
products for sale on a direct delivery basis.

In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels in our three operating divisions, we
must continue to grow by adding new customers and taking market share from competitors, while
maintaining service levels, and aggressive pricing necessary to retain existing customers. If we
fail to adequately address and respond to these pressures in both North America and
internationally, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our
operations.

Execution of Expansion Plans: We plan to open approximately 150 stores in the United States and
Canada and approximately 20 stores in our International Division during 2007. Circumstances
outside our control could negatively impact these anticipated store openings. We cannot determine
with certainty whether our new store openings, including some newly sized or formatted stores or
retail concepts, will be successful. The failure to expand by successfully opening new stores as
planned, or the failure of a significant number of these stores to perform as planned, could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Cannibalization of Sales in Existing Office Depot Stores: As we expand the number of our stores in
existing markets, pursuing a ‘fill-in’ strategy that is both “offensive” and “defensive” in nature,
sales in our existing stores may suffer from cannibalization (as customers of our existing stores
begin shopping at our own new stores). Extensive cannibalization of existing stores, as we open
new stores, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Costs of Remodeling and Re-merchandising Stores: Remodeling and re-merchandising our stores is a
necessary aspect of maintaining a fresh and appealing image to our customers. The expenses
associated with such activities could have a significant negative impact on our future earnings.
Business lost during remodeling periods, because of customer inconvenience, or closed periods for
individual stores may not be recovered or successfully redirected to other stores in the area. Our
growth, through both store openings and possible acquisitions, may continue to require the
expansion and upgrading of our information, operational and financial systems, as well as
necessitate the hiring of new store associates at all levels. If we are unsuccessful in achieving
an acceptable ROI on this design, unsuccessful at hiring the right associates, or unsuccessful at
implementing appropriate systems, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of our operations.

International Activity: We may enter additional international markets as attractive opportunities
arise. Such entries could take the form of start-up ventures, acquisitions of stock or assets or
joint ventures or licensing arrangements. Already this year, we have
entered three new international markets and increased our stake in a
fourth country to a majority ownership position. Internationally, we face such risks as foreign currency
fluctuations, unstable political and economic conditions, and, because some of our foreign
operations are not wholly owned, the potential for compromised operating control in certain countries. In addition,
the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than those that prevail in the
United States, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage against other companies that do not have
to comply with standards of financial controls or business integrity that Office Depot is committed
to maintaining as a U.S. publicly traded company and SEC registrant. Our results may continue to
be affected by all of these factors. All of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of our operations.

9

Table of Contents

Global Sourcing of Products/Private Brand: In recent years, we have substantially increased the
number and types of products that we sell under our private brands. We currently offer general office supplies, computer supplies, business machines and
 related supplies, and office furniture under various labels,
including Office Depot®, Office Depot Value
TM, Viking
Office Products®, Niceday
TM, Foray®,
Ativa®, Break Escapes
TM, Worklife
TM and Christopher Lowell
TM. Sources of supply may prove to be unreliable, or
the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations. We have recently
opened our own sourcing office in China and are reducing our reliance on the use of third-party
trading companies. While this may improve our cost structure in terms of global sourcing, it also
makes our Company more accountable for relationships with the factories and other sources of
private branded product and increases our risks associated with doing business in that region of
the world. Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source such products, as well
as shipping and dockage issues could adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or
both. Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty
of realization of any such indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws
in certain parts of the Far East make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or
complaints from our customers as if we were the manufacturer of the products. Because of the limited number of ports through which goods may be imported into the
 United States (located primarily on the West Coast), we are subject to potential
 disruption of our supplies of goods for resale due to labor unrest, security issues or
 natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. Finally, as a
significant importer of manufactured goods from foreign countries, we are vulnerable to security
concerns, labor unrest and other factors that may affect the availability and reliability of ports
of entry for the products that we source. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of our operations.

Product Availability: In addition to selling our private brand merchandise, we are a reseller of
other manufacturers’ branded items and are thereby dependent on the availability and pricing of key
products, including ink, toner, paper and technology products, to name a few. As a reseller, we
cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the products we offer for sale.
Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in production of these products may adversely
affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we cannot control the cost of
manufacturers’ products and cost increases must either be passed along to our customers or result
in an erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products and make them available to
our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have a
material adverse effect on our
business and results of our operations.

Possible Business Disruption Due to Weather: Weather conditions may affect any business, especially retail businesses, including snow
 storms in the northern states, high winds and heavy rain. Because of our heavy
 concentration in the southern United States (including Florida and the Gulf Coast) our
Company may be more susceptible than some others to the effects of tropical weather
disturbances. During 2004 and 2005, we sustained disruption to our
businesses in the United States due to the number and severity of weather events in the
Southeastern United States, including record numbers of hurricanes. While we have been able to
recover quickly from these events during the past two years, the long-range weather forecast calls
for higher than normal tropical storm activity, especially in the Southeastern United States for a
number of years into the future. It is impossible to know whether these storms will occur as
forecasted, or the location or severity of such storms. During late 2006 and early 2007, we also
sustained business disruption due to ice and snow conditions in the Midwest and Southwest, in areas
that also have large concentrations of our business activities, resulting in supply chain
constraints and other disruptions in our businesses. We believe that we have taken reasonable
precautions to prepare for such weather-related events, but there is no assurance that our
precautions will be adequate to deal with such events in the future. If these events occur in the
future (as they almost certainly will), and if they should impact areas in which we have
concentrations of retail stores or distribution facilities, such events could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

New Systems and Technology: We frequently modify our systems and technology to increase
productivity and efficiency. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions that,
if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and
implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our
customers demand. Also, when implemented, the systems and technology may not provide the benefits
anticipated and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. A failure to
effectively convert to these systems or to realize the intended efficiencies could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Labor Costs: We are heavily dependent on our labor force to identify new customers and provide
desired products and services to existing customers. We attempt to attract and retain an
appropriate level of personnel in both field operations and corporate functions. Our compensation
packages are designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level of expected service.
However, as a retailer, we face the challenge of filling many
positions at wage scales that are appropriate to the industry and competitive factors. In recent years, there has been
a growing movement to closely monitor compliance with labor laws and regulations, many of which
vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and can be difficult to adhere to as precisely as some
enforcement officials and litigants insist the Company should do. This has added to our labor
costs in some locales as we have had to add personnel to monitor and track compliance with these
sometimes arcane rules and regulations that impact retailers in particular. As a result of these
and other factors, we face many external risks and internal factors in meeting our labor needs,
including competition for qualified personnel, overall unemployment levels, works councils (in our
international locations), prevailing wage rates, as well as rising employee benefit costs,
including insurance costs and compensation programs. We also engage third parties in some of our
processes such as delivery and transaction processing and these providers may face similar issues.
Changes in any of these factors, including especially a shortage of available workforce in the
areas in which we operate,
could interfere with our ability to adequately provide services to customers and result in
increasing our labor costs. Any failure to meet increasing demands on securing our workforce could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

10

Table of Contents

Operating Costs: We operate a large network of stores and delivery centers around the globe. As
such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and
customers. We also incur significant shipping costs to bring products from overseas producers to
our distribution systems. The underlying commodity costs associated with this transport activity
have been volatile in recent periods and disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our
operating costs to rise significantly. Additionally, we rely on predictable and available energy
costs to light our stores and operate our equipment. Increases in any of the components of energy
costs could have an adverse impact on our earnings, as well as our ability to satisfy our customers
in a cost effective manner. Any of these factors that could impact the availability or cost of our
energy resources could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our
operations.

Possible Changes to Our Global Tax Rate: Our company is a multi-national, multi-channel reseller
of office products and services. As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, in
addition to the United States, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax
rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income,
any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing
positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be lower or higher than that
of other companies or higher or lower than our tax rates have been in the past. At any given
point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated mix of the
tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of income likely to be generated
in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in
the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to
accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we
operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the
jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate,
which change could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

Regulatory Environment: While all businesses are subject to regulatory matters relating to the
conduct of their businesses, including consumer protection laws, advertising regulations, wage
 and hour regulations and the like, certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly
 aggressive stance with respect to such matters and have stepped up enforcement, including fines
 and other sanctions. The Company transacts substantial amounts of business in certain such
 jurisdictions, and to the extent that the Company’s business locations are exposed to what might
 be termed an overly aggressive enforcement environment or legal or regulatory systems that
 authorize or encourage private parties to pursue relief under so-called private attorney general
laws and similar authorizations for private parties to pursue enforcement of governmental laws
 and regulations, the resulting fines and exposure to third party liability (such as monetary
 recoveries and recoveries of attorneys fees) could have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations, including the added cost of increased prophylactic measures that the
 Company may determine to be necessary to conduct business in such locales.

Disclaimer of Obligation to Update

We assume no obligation (and specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk
Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual
results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.