Cautionary and Forward-Looking
Statements

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Statements that
are not historical or current facts, including statements about our
expectations, anticipated financial results and future business prospects, are
forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by our use
of words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “plan,”
“anticipate” and other similar expressions. You can find examples of these
statements throughout this report, including Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot guarantee
that our actual results will be consistent with the forward-looking
statements we make in this report. We have listed below some of the inherent
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those we project. We do not assume an obligation to update any
forward-looking statement.

5

Intense competition in our markets could harm our
ability to maintain profitability.   

Domestic
and international office products markets are highly and increasingly
competitive. Customers have many options when purchasing office supplies and
paper, print and document services, technology products and solutions and
office furniture. We compete with worldwide contract stationers, office supply
superstores, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, computer and electronics
superstores, Internet merchandisers, direct-mail distributors, discount
retailers, drugstores, supermarkets and thousands of local and regional
contract stationers. In addition, an increasing number of manufacturers of
computer hardware, software and peripherals, including some of our suppliers,
have expanded their own direct marketing efforts. The other large office supply
superstores have increased their presence in our markets in recent years and
are expected to continue to do so in the future. In addition, many of our
competitors have expanded their office products assortment, and we expect they
will continue to do so. In recent years, two package delivery companies have
established retail stores that compete directly with us for copy, printing,
packaging and shipping business, and offer a limited assortment of office
products and services similar to the ones we offer. We anticipate increasing
competition from our two domestic office supply superstore competitors and
various other providers, including the two package delivery companies, for
print-for-pay and related services. Print-for-pay and related services have
historically been a key point of difference for OfficeMax stores and are
expected to become an increasingly more important part of our future
strategies. Any or all of our competitors may become even more aggressive in
the future. Increased competition in the office products markets, together with
increased advertising, has heightened price awareness among end-users. Such heightened
price awareness has led to margin pressure on office products and impacted the
results of both our Retail and Contract segments. In addition to price,
competition is also based on customer service, the quality and breadth of
product selection, and convenient locations. Some of our competitors are larger
than us and have greater financial resources, which affords them greater
purchasing power, increased financial flexibility and more capital resources
for expansion and improvement, which may enable them to compete more
effectively than we can.

We may be unable to open and remodel stores
successfully.

Our business plans include the opening
and remodeling of a significant number of retail stores. For these plans to be
successful, we must identify and lease favorable store sites, develop
remodeling plans, hire and train associates and adapt management and systems to
meet the needs of these operations. These tasks are difficult to manage
successfully. If we are not able to open and remodel stores as quickly as we
have planned, our future financial performance could be materially and
adversely affected. Further, we cannot ensure that the new or remodeled stores
will achieve the sales or profit levels that we anticipate. This is
particularly true as we introduce different store designs, formats and sizes or
enter into new market areas. In particular, the “Advantage” prototype store
format we intend to utilize for new and remodeled stores is new and there can
be no assurance as to whether or to what extent that format will be successful.

Economic conditions directly influence our operating
results.

Economic conditions, both domestically
and abroad, directly influence our operating results. Current and future
economic conditions, including the level of unemployment, energy costs and the
financial condition and growth prospects of our Contract customers may
adversely affect our business and the results of our operations.

Our quarterly operating results are subject to
fluctuation.

Our quarterly operating results have
fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future. Factors that may
contribute to these quarter-to-quarter fluctuations could include the effects
of seasonality, our level of advertising and marketing, new store openings,
changes in product mix and competitors’ pricing. These quarterly fluctuations
could have an adverse effect on both our operating results and the price of our
common stock.

6

We may be unable to attract and retain qualified
associates.   

We attempt to attract and retain
an appropriate level of personnel in both field operations and corporate
functions. As a retailer, we face the challenge of filling many positions at
wage scales that are low, although appropriate for our industry and in light of
competitive factors. As a result, we face many external risks and internal
factors in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified
personnel, overall unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, as well as
rising employee benefit costs, including insurance costs and compensation
programs. Changes in any of these factors, including especially a shortage of
available workforce in the areas in which we operate, could interfere with our
ability to adequately provide services to customers and result in increasing
our labor costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results
of our operations.

We cannot assure that new associates will perform
effectively.

In conjunction with our
headquarters consolidation, we have hired approximately 600 new employees to
replace existing associates who did not relocate to the new headquarters. As a
result, we now have a significant number of associates with limited experience
with OfficeMax performing key functions. Although we have carefully selected
and trained these associates, there is still a risk that institutional
knowledge may be lost and operations may be conducted less efficiently or
effectively. Also, if we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified
associates for our remaining open positions, as well as train new associates
and transition them smoothly into their roles, it could adversely affect our
operating results.

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products
may not improve our financial performance and may expose us to product
liability claims.

Our product offering includes many
proprietary branded products. While we have focused on the quality of our
proprietary branded products, we rely on third-party manufacturers for these
products. Such third party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, or the
quality of our globally sourced products may not meet our expectations. Furthermore,
economic and political conditions in areas of the world where we source such
products may adversely affect the availability and cost of such products. In
addition, our proprietary branded products compete with other manufacturers’
branded items that we offer. As we continue to increase the number and types of
proprietary branded products that we sell, we may adversely affect our
relationships with our vendors, who may decide to reduce their product
offerings through OfficeMax and increase their product offerings through our
competitors. Finally, if any of our customers are harmed by our proprietary
branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us.
Any of these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and
financial performance.

We are more leveraged than some of our competitors,
which could adversely affect our business plans.

A relatively

greater portion of our cash flow is used to service debt
and other financial obligations including leases. This reduces the funds we
have available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, new
stores, store remodels and other purposes. Similarly, our relatively greater
leverage increases our vulnerability to, and limits our flexibility in planning
for, adverse economic and industry conditions and creates other competitive
disadvantages compared with other companies with relatively less leverage.

We cannot ensure new systems and technology will be
implemented successfully.

Our
acquisition of OfficeMax, Inc., in December 2003, required the
integration and coordination of our existing contract stationer systems with
the retail systems of the acquired company. Integrating and coordinating these
systems has been complex and still requires 
a number of system enhancements
and conversions that, if not done properly, could divert the attention of our
workforce during development and implementation and constrain for some time our
ability to provide the level of service our customers demand. Also, when
implemented, the systems and technology enhancements may not provide the
benefits anticipated and could add costs and complications to our ongoing
operations. A failure to effectively implement changes to to these systems or
to realize the intended efficiencies could have an adverse effect on our
business and results of our operations.

7

We retained responsibility for certain liabilities of
the paper, forest products and timberland businesses we sold.

   These
obligations include liabilities related to environmental, tax, litigation and
employee benefit matters. Some of these retained liabilities could turn out to
be significant, which could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations. Our exposure to these liabilities could harm our ability to compete
with other office products distributors, who would not typically be subject to
similar liabilities.

Our business may be adversely affected by the actions
of and risks associated with our third-party vendors.   

We are a reseller of other
manufacturer’s branded items and are thereby dependent on the availability and
pricing of key products including ink, toner, paper and technology products. As
a reseller, we cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of
the products we offer for sale. Disruptions in the availability of these
products may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction.
Further, we cannot control the cost of manufacturer’s products and cost
increases must either be passed along to our customers or will result in
erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products and make them
available to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have an
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our investment in Boise Cascade, L.L.C. subjects
us to the risks associated with the paper and forest products industry.

When we sold
our paper, forest products and timberland assets, we purchased an equity
interest in affiliates of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. In addition, we have an
ongoing obligation to purchase paper from an affiliate of Boise
Cascade, L.L.C. These continuing interests subject us to market risks
associated with the paper and forest products industry. These industries are
subject to cyclical market pressures. Historical prices for products have been
volatile, and industry participants have limited influence over the timing and
extent of price changes. The relationship between supply and demand in these
industries significantly affects product pricing. Demand for building products
is driven mainly by factors such as new construction and remodeling rates,
interest rates and weather. The supply of paper and building products
fluctuates based on manufacturing capacity, and excess capacity, both
domestically and abroad, can result in significant variations in product
prices. The level of supply and demand for forest products will affect the
price we pay for paper. Our ability to realize the carrying value of our equity
interest in affiliates of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. is dependent upon many
factors, including the operating performance of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. and
other market factors that may not be specific to Boise Cascade, L.L.C.,
due in part to the fact that there is not a liquid market for our equity
interest. Our exposure to these risks could decrease our ability to compete
effectively with our competitors, who typically are not subject to such risks.

Compromises of customer debit and credit card data in
2004, regardless of the source of the breach, may damage the OfficeMax brand
and our reputation.

   Compromises of customer debit and credit card data in 2004 were later
tied to fraudulent transactions outside the U.S. While we have no knowledge of
a security breach at OfficeMax, it is possible that information security
compromises that involved OfficeMax customer data, including breaches that
occurred at third party processors, may damage our reputation. Such damage to
our reputation could adversely affect our operating results.