We operate in a rapidly changing economic and technological
 environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are
 driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The
 following discussion, as well as our “Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates” discussion in Item 7,
 highlights some of these risks.

 Economic, political and market conditions can adversely
 affect our revenue growth and
 profitability.
  Our business is influenced by
 a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have
 no comparative advantage in forecasting. These include:

 • 

 general economic and business conditions;

 • 

 the overall demand for enterprise software and services;

 • 

 governmental budgetary constraints or shifts in government
 spending priorities; and

 • 

 general political developments.

 A general weakening of the global economy, or a curtailment in
 government or corporate spending, could delay and decrease
 customer purchases. In addition, the war on terrorism, the war
 in Iraq and the potential for other hostilities in various parts
 of the world, potential public health crises, as well as natural
 disasters, continue to contribute to a climate of economic and
 political uncertainty that could adversely affect our revenue
 growth and results of operations. These factors generally have
 the strongest effect on our sales of software licenses, and to a
 lesser extent, also affect our renewal rates for software
 license updates and product support.

 We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to
 inaccurate sales forecasts or other
 factors.
  Our revenues, and particularly our
 new software license revenues, are difficult to forecast, and as
 a result our quarterly operating results can fluctuate
 substantially. We use a “pipeline” system, a common
 industry practice, to forecast sales and trends in our business.
 Our sales personnel monitor the status of all proposals and
 estimate when a customer will make a purchase decision and the
 dollar amount of the sale. These estimates are aggregated
 periodically to generate a sales pipeline. Our pipeline
 estimates can prove to be unreliable both in a particular
 quarter and over a longer period of time, in part because the
 “conversion rate” of the pipeline into contracts can
 be very difficult to estimate. A contraction in the conversion
 rate, or in the pipeline itself, could cause us to plan or
 budget incorrectly and adversely affect our business or results
 of operations. In particular, a slowdown in information
 technology spending or economic conditions generally can reduce
 the conversion rate in particular periods as purchasing
 decisions are delayed, reduced in amount or cancelled. The
 conversion rate can also be affected by the tendency of some of
 our customers to wait until the end of a fiscal period in the
 hope of obtaining more favorable terms, which can also impede
 our ability to negotiate and execute these contracts in a timely
 manner. In addition, for newly acquired companies, we have
 limited ability to predict how their pipelines will convert into
 sales or revenues for one or two quarters following the
 acquisition and their conversion rate post-acquisition may be
 quite different from their historical conversion rate. Because a
 substantial portion of our new software license revenue
 contracts is completed in the latter part of a quarter, and our
 cost structure is largely fixed in the short term, revenue
 shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on
 our profitability. A delay in even a small number of large new
 software license transactions could cause our quarterly new
 software licenses revenues to fall significantly short of our
 predictions.

 Our success depends upon our ability to develop new
 products and services, integrate acquired products and services
 and enhance our existing products and
 services.
  Rapid technological advances and
 evolving standards in computer hardware, software development
 and communications infrastructure, changing and increasingly
 sophisticated customer needs and frequent new product
 introductions and enhancements characterize the enterprise
 software market in which we compete. If we are unable to develop
 new products and services, or to enhance and improve our
 products and support services in a timely manner or to position

and/or price
 our products and services to meet market demand, customers may
 not buy new software licenses or renew software license updates
 and product support. In addition, information technology
 standards from both consortia and formal standards-setting
 forums as well as de facto marketplace standards are rapidly
 evolving. We cannot provide any assurance that the standards on
 which we choose to develop new products will allow us to compete
 effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas.

 13

Table of Contents

 We are developing a next generation applications platform that
 is planned to combine the best features, flows and usability
 traits of our legacy and acquired applications. We have also
 announced that we intend to extend the life of many of our
 acquired applications and will continue to provide long-term
 support for our acquired products, both of which require us to
 dedicate resources. If we do not develop and release these new
 or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time
 frames, if there is a delay in market acceptance of a new,
 enhanced or acquired product line or service, if we do not
 timely optimize complementary product lines and services or if
 we fail to adequately integrate, support or enhance acquired
 application lines or services, our business may be adversely
 affected.

 Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize
 the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the
 time of any transaction.
  In the past three
 fiscal years, we have invested over $25 billion, in the
 aggregate, to acquire a number of companies, products, services
 and technologies. An active acquisition program is an important
 element of our overall corporate strategy and we expect to
 continue to make similar acquisitions in the future. Risks we
 may face in connection with our acquisition program include:

 • 

 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management’s
 attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or
 integration activities;

 • 

 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we
 expected, or we may pay more than the acquired company or assets
 are worth;

 • 

 our due diligence process may fail to identify all of the
 problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an
 acquired company or technology, including issues with the
 company’s intellectual property, product quality or product
 architecture, revenue recognition or other accounting practices
 or employee, customer or partner issues;

 • 

 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues if a
 larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew
 software license updates and product support, if we are unable
 to sell the acquired products to our customer base or if
 contract models of an acquired company do not allow us to
 recognize revenues on a timely basis;

 • 

 we may assume pre-existing contractual relationships of acquired
 companies that we would not have otherwise entered into, and
 exiting or modifying such relationships may be costly to us or
 disruptive to customers;

 • 

 we may face litigation or other claims in connection with, or
 may inherit claims or litigation risk as a result of, an
 acquisition, including claims from terminated employees,
 customers or other third parties;

 • 

 our relationship with current and new employees, customers,
 partners and distributors could be impaired;

 • 

 we may have difficulty incorporating acquired technologies or
 products with our existing product lines and maintaining uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies;

 • 

 we may have multiple and overlapping product lines as a result
 of our acquisitions that are offered, priced and supported
 differently, which could cause customer confusion and delays;

 • 

 we may have higher than anticipated costs in continuing support
 and development of acquired products;

 • 

 we may assume pre-existing liabilities, whether known or
 unknown, of acquired companies which could be material;

 • 

 we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental
 authorities under competition and antitrust laws on a timely
 basis, if it all, which could, among other things, prevent us
 from completing a transaction;

 • 

 we may have to delay or not proceed with a substantial
 acquisition if we cannot obtain the necessary funding to
 complete the acquisition in a timely manner;

 • 

 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other
 potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases and
 retirement of outstanding indebtedness;

 14

Table of Contents

 • 

 we may significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and
 debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for
 an acquisition; result of unforeseen difficulties in our
 integration activities;

 • 

 we may have legal and tax exposures or lose anticipated tax
 benefits as a result of unforeseen difficulties in our
 integration activities;

 • 

 we may be unable to obtain timely approvals from, or may
 otherwise have certain limitations, restrictions, penalties or
 other sanctions imposed on us by, worker councils or similar
 bodies under applicable employment laws as a result of an
 acquisition, which could adversely affect our integration plans
 in certain jurisdictions; and

 • 

 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity
 securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing
 stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease.

 The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
 condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger
 acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions.

 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property
 rights.
  We rely on copyright, trademark,
 patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures,
 controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual
 property rights. Despite our efforts, these protections may be
 limited. Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or reverse
 engineer portions of our products or otherwise obtain and use
 our intellectual property. Any patents owned by us may be
 invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of our pending or
 future patent applications, whether or not being currently
 challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the claims we
 seek, if at all. In addition, the laws of some countries do not
 provide the same level of protection of our intellectual
 property rights as do the laws and courts of the United States.
 If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against
 unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may
 not remain competitive.

 Third parties may claim infringement or misuse of
 intellectual property rights and/ or breach of license agreement
 provisions.  
We periodically receive notices
 from others claiming infringement, or other misuse of their
 intellectual property rights

and/or
 breach of our agreements with them. We expect the number of such
 claims will increase as the number of products and competitors
 in our industry segments grows, the functionality of products
 overlap, the use and support of third-party code (including open
 source code) becomes more prevalent in the software industry,
 and the volume of issued software patents continues to increase.
 Responding to any such claim, regardless of its validity, could:

 • 

 be time-consuming, costly
 and/or
 result in litigation;

 • 

 divert management’s time and attention from developing our
 business;

 • 

 require us to pay monetary damages or enter into royalty and
 licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable;

 • 

 require us to stop selling or to redesign certain of our
 products;

 • 

 require us to release source code to third parties, possibly
 under open source license terms;

 • 

 require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our
 customers; or

 • 

 otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations,
 financial condition or cash flows.

 A patent infringement case is discussed under Note 21 in
 our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 We may need to change our pricing models to compete
 successfully.
  The intensely competitive
 markets in which we compete can put pressure on us to reduce our
 prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain
 products or services, we may need to lower prices or offer other
 favorable terms in order to compete successfully. Any such
 changes would likely reduce margins and could adversely affect
 operating results. Our software license updates and product
 support fees are generally priced as a percentage of our new
 license fees. Our competitors may offer a lower percentage
 pricing on product updates and support, which could put pressure
 on us to further discount our new license prices. Any
 broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could
 cause new software license and services revenues to decline or
 be delayed as our sales force implements and our customers
 adjust to the new pricing

 15

Table of Contents

 policies. Some of our competitors may bundle software products
 for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or
 provide guarantees of prices and product implementations. These
 practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices
 that we can charge for our products. If we do not adapt our
 pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our
 products, our new software license revenues could decrease.
 Additionally, increased distribution of applications through
 application service providers may reduce the average price for
 our products or adversely affect other sales of our products,
 reducing new software license revenues unless we can offset
 price reductions with volume increases or lower spending. The
 increase in open source software distribution may also cause us
 to change our pricing models.

 We may be unable to compete effectively in a range of
 markets within the highly competitive software industry.

Many vendors develop and market databases, internet
 application server products, application development tools,
 business applications, collaboration products and business
 intelligence products that compete with our offerings. In
 addition, several companies offer business process outsourcing
 (BPO) as a competitive alternative to buying software and
 customer interest in BPO solutions is increasing. Some of these
 competitors have greater financial or technical resources than
 we do. Our competitors that offer business applications and
 application server products may influence a customer’s
 purchasing decision for the underlying database in an effort to
 persuade potential customers not to acquire our products. We
 could lose market share if our competitors introduce new
 competitive products, add new functionality, acquire competitive
 products, reduce prices or form strategic alliances with other
 companies. Vendors that offer BPO solutions may persuade our
 customers not to purchase our products. We may also face
 increasing competition from open source software initiatives, in
 which competitors may provide software and intellectual property
 free. Existing or new competitors could gain market share in any
 of our markets at our expense.

 Our periodic sales force restructurings can be
 disruptive.
  We continue to rely heavily on
 our direct sales force. We have in the past restructured or made
 other adjustments to our sales force in response to management
 changes, product changes, performance issues, acquisitions and
 other internal and external considerations. In the past, sales
 force restructurings have generally resulted in a temporary lack
 of focus and reduced productivity; these effects could recur in
 connection with future acquisitions and other restructurings and
 our revenues could be negatively affected.

 Disruptions of our indirect sales channel could affect our
 future operating results.
  Our indirect
 channel network is comprised primarily of resellers, system
 integrators/implementers, consultants, education providers,
 internet service providers, network integrators and independent
 software vendors. Our relationships with these channel
 participants are important elements of our marketing and sales
 efforts. Our financial results could be adversely affected if
 our contracts with channel participants were terminated, if our
 relationships with channel participants were to deteriorate, if
 any of our competitors enter into strategic relationships with
 or acquire a significant channel participant or if the financial
 condition of our channel participants were to weaken. There can
 be no assurance that we will be successful in maintaining,
 expanding or developing our relationships with channel
 participants. If we are not successful, we may lose sales
 opportunities, customers and market share.

 Charges to earnings resulting from past acquisitions may
 adversely affect our operating results.
  Under
 purchase accounting, we allocate the total purchase price to an
 acquired company’s net tangible assets, intangible assets
 and in-process research and development based on their fair
 values as of the date of the acquisition and record the excess
 of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill.
 Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon
 assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently
 uncertain. Going forward, the following factors could result in
 material charges that would adversely affect our results:

 • 

 impairment of goodwill or intangible assets;

 • 

 identification of assumed contingent liabilities subsequent to
 the finalization of the purchase price allocation; and

 • 

 charges to income to eliminate certain Oracle pre-merger
 activities that duplicate those of the acquired company or to
 reduce our cost structure.

 Charges to earnings associated with acquisitions include
 amortization of intangible assets, in-process research and
 development as well as other acquisition related charges,
 restructuring and stock-based compensation associated

 16

Table of Contents

 with assumed stock awards. Charges to earnings in any given
 period could differ substantially from other periods based on
 the timing and size of our future acquisitions and the extent of
 integration activities. See Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations—Supplemental Disclosure Related to Acquisition
 Accounting and Stock-Based Compensation” for additional
 information about charges to earnings associated with our recent
 acquisitions.

 We expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with
 combining the operations of our previously acquired companies,
 which may be substantial. Additional costs may include costs of
 employee redeployment, relocation and retention, including
 salary increases or bonuses, accelerated amortization of
 deferred equity compensation and severance payments,
 reorganization or closure of facilities, taxes and termination
 of contracts that provide redundant or conflicting services.
 Some of these costs may have to be accounted for as expenses
 that would decrease our net income and earnings per share for
 the periods in which those adjustments are made.

 Our international sales and operations subject us to
 additional risks that can adversely affect our operating
 results.
  We derive a substantial portion of
 our revenues, and have significant operations, outside of the
 United States. Our international operations include software
 development, sales, customer support and shared administrative
 service centers. We are subject to a variety of risks, including
 those related to general economic conditions in each country or
 region, regulatory changes, political unrest, terrorism and the
 potential for other hostilities and public health risks,
 particularly in areas in which we have significant operations.
 We face challenges in managing an organization operating in
 various countries, which can entail longer payment cycles and
 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, overlapping tax
 regimes, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, difficulties
 in transferring funds from certain countries and reduced
 protection for intellectual property rights in some countries.
 We must comply with a variety of international laws and
 regulations, including trade restrictions, local labor
 ordinances, changes in tariff rates and import and export
 licensing requirements. Our success depends, in part, on our
 ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties.

 We are a majority shareholder of i-flex solutions limited, a
 publicly traded Indian software company focused on the banking
 industry. As the majority shareholder of an international
 entity, we are faced with several additional risks, including
 being subject to local securities regulations and being unable
 to exert full control or obtain financial and other information
 on a timely basis.

 We may experience foreign currency gains and
 losses.
  We conduct a portion of our business
 in currencies other than the United States dollar. Our revenues
 and operating results are adversely affected when the dollar
 strengthens relative to other currencies and are positively
 affected when the dollar weakens. Changes in the value of major
 foreign currencies, particularly the Euro, Japanese Yen and
 British Pound relative to the United States dollar can
 significantly affect revenues and our operating results.

 Our foreign currency transaction gains and losses, primarily
 related to sublicense fees and other agreements among us and our
 subsidiaries and distributors, are charged against earnings in
 the period incurred. We enter into foreign exchange forward
 contracts to hedge certain transaction and translation exposures
 in major currencies, but we will continue to experience foreign
 currency gains and losses in certain instances where it is not
 possible or cost effective to hedge foreign currencies.

 Oracle On Demand and CRM On Demand may not be
 successful.
  We offer Oracle On Demand
 outsourcing services for our applications and database
 technology, delivered either at our data center facilities or at
 a site of our customer’s choosing. We also offer CRM On
 Demand, which is a service offering that provides our customers
 with our Siebel CRM software functionality delivered via a
 hosted solution that we manage. These business models continue
 to evolve and we may not be able to compete effectively,
 generate significant revenues or develop them into profitable
 businesses. We incur expenses associated with the
 infrastructures and marketing of our Oracle On Demand and CRM On
 Demand businesses in advance of our ability to recognize the
 revenues associated with our subscription-based contracts. These
 businesses are subject to a variety of risks including:

 • 

 demand for these services may not meet our expectations;

 • 

 we may not be able to operate these businesses at an acceptable
 profit level;

 17

Table of Contents

 • 

 we manage critical customer applications, data and other
 confidential information through Oracle On Demand and CRM On
 Demand; accordingly, we face increased exposure to significant
 damage claims and risk to future business prospects in the event
 of system failures or inadequate disaster recovery or
 misappropriation of customer confidential information;

 • 

 we may face regulatory exposure in certain areas such as data
 privacy, data security and export compliance, as well as
 workforce reduction claims as a result of customers transferring
 their information technology functions to us;

 • 

 the laws and regulations applicable to hosted service providers
 are unsettled, particularly in the areas of privacy and security
 and use of offshore resources; changes in these laws could
 affect our ability to provide services from or to some locations
 and could increase both the costs and risks associated with
 providing the services;

 • 

 demand for these services may be affected by customer and media
 concerns about security risks
 and/or use
 of outsourced services providers more generally; and

 • 

 our offerings may require large fixed costs such as for data
 centers, computers, network infrastructure and security and we
 may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to offset these
 costs and generate acceptable operating margins from these
 offerings.

 We may be unable to hire enough qualified employees or we
 may lose key employees.
  We rely on the
 continued service of our senior management, including our Chief
 Executive Officer, members of our executive team and other key
 employees and the hiring of new qualified employees. In the
 software industry, there is substantial and continuous
 competition for highly skilled business, product development,
 technical and other personnel. In addition, acquisitions could
 cause us to lose key personnel of the acquired companies or at
 Oracle. We may experience increased compensation costs that are
 not offset by either improved productivity or higher prices. We
 may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in
 retaining and motivating existing personnel. With rare
 exceptions, we do not have long-term employment or
 non-competition agreements with our employees. Members of our
 senior management team have left Oracle over the years for a
 variety of reasons, and we cannot assure you that there will not
 be additional departures, which may be disruptive to our
 operations.

 We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring
 personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise is
 available at lower costs. When we make adjustments to our
 workforce, we may incur expenses associated with workforce
 reductions that delay the benefit of a more efficient workforce
 structure. We may also experience increased competition for
 employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization
 continues which may affect our employee retention efforts
 and/or
 increase our expenses in an effort to offer a competitive
 compensation program.

 Part of our total compensation program includes stock options.
 Stock options are an important tool in attracting and retaining
 employees in our industry. If our stock price performs poorly it
 may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract employees.
 In addition, because we now expense all stock-based
 compensation, we may in the future change our stock-based and
 other compensation practices. Some of the changes we are
 considering include the reduction in the number of employees
 granted options, a reduction in the number of options granted
 and a change to alternative forms of stock-based compensation.
 Any changes in our compensation practices or changes made by
 competitors could affect our ability to retain and motivate
 existing personnel and recruit new personnel.

 We might experience significant errors or security flaws
 in our products and services.
  Despite testing
 prior to their release, software products frequently contain
 errors or security flaws, especially when first introduced or
 when new versions are released. The detection and correction of
 any security flaws can be time consuming and costly. Errors in
 our software products could affect the ability of our products
 to work with other hardware or software products, could delay
 the development or release of new products or new versions of
 products and could adversely affect market acceptance of our
 products. If we experience errors or delays in releasing new
 products or new versions of products, we could lose revenues. In
 addition, we run our own business operations, Oracle On Demand,
 and other outsourcing, support and consulting services, on our
 products and networks and any security flaws, if exploited,
 could affect our ability to conduct business operations. End
 users, who rely on our products and services for applications
 that are critical to their businesses, may have a greater
 sensitivity to product errors and security

 18

Table of Contents

 vulnerabilities than customers for software products generally.
 Software product errors and security flaws in our products or
 services could expose us to product liability, performance
 and/or
 warranty claims as well as harm our reputation, which could
 impact our future sales of products and services. In addition,
 we may be legally required to publicly report security breaches
 of our services, which could adversely impact future business
 prospects for those services.

 We may not receive significant revenues from our current
 research and development efforts for several years, if at
 all.
  Developing and localizing software is
 expensive and the investment in product development often
 involves a long payback cycle. We have made and expect to
 continue to make significant investments in software research
 and development and related product opportunities. Accelerated
 product introductions and short product life cycles require high
 levels of expenditures for research and development that could
 adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue
 increases. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a
 significant amount of resources to our research and development
 efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we do not
 expect to receive significant revenues from these investments
 for several years if at all.

 Our sales to government clients subject us to risks
 including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions
 and penalties.
  We derive revenues from
 contracts with the United States government, state and local
 governments and their respective agencies, which may terminate
 most of these contracts at any time, without cause.

 There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies,
 both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Our
 federal government contracts are subject to the approval of
 appropriations being made by the United States Congress to fund
 the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, our contracts
 at the state and local levels are subject to government funding
 authorizations.

 Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to
 audits and investigations which could result in various civil
 and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including
 termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspensions or debarment from future government business.

 Business disruptions could affect our operating
 results.
  A significant portion of our
 research and development activities and certain other critical
 business operations is concentrated in a few geographic areas.
 We are a highly automated business and a disruption or failure
 of our systems could cause delays in completing sales and
 providing services, including some of our On Demand offerings. A
 major earthquake, fire or other catastrophic event that results
 in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business
 or information technology systems could severely affect our
 ability to conduct normal business operations and as a result
 our future operating results could be materially and adversely
 affected.

 Adverse litigation results could affect our
 business.
  We are subject to various legal
 proceedings. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and
 disruptive to our operations and results cannot be predicted
 with certainty. An adverse decision could result in monetary
 damages or injunctive relief that could affect our business,
 operating results or financial condition. Additional information
 regarding certain of the lawsuits we are involved in is
 discussed under Note 21 in our Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 PeopleSoft’s Customer Assurance Program may expose us
 to substantial liabilities if triggered.
  In
 June 2003, in response to our tender offer, PeopleSoft
 implemented what it referred to as the “customer assurance
 program” or “CAP”. The CAP incorporated a
 provision in PeopleSoft’s standard licensing arrangement
 that purports to contractually burden Oracle, as a result of its
 acquisition of PeopleSoft, with a contingent obligation to make
 payments to PeopleSoft customers should Oracle fail to take
 certain business actions for a fixed period of time subsequent
 to the acquisition. The payment obligation, which typically
 expires four years from the date of the contract, is fixed at an
 amount generally between two and five times the license and
 first year support fees paid to PeopleSoft in the applicable
 license transaction. This purported obligation was not reflected
 as a liability on PeopleSoft’s balance sheet as PeopleSoft
 concluded that it could be triggered only following the
 consummation of an acquisition. PeopleSoft used six different
 standard versions of the CAP over the

18-month
 period commencing June 2003. PeopleSoft ceased using the CAP on
 December 29, 2004, the date on which we acquired a
 controlling interest in PeopleSoft. We have concluded that, as
 of the date of the PeopleSoft acquisition, the penalty
 provisions under the CAP represented a contingent liability of
 Oracle. The aggregate potential CAP obligation as of
 May 31,

 19

Table of Contents

 2007 was $3.2 billion. Unless the CAP provisions are
 removed from these licensing arrangements, we do not expect the
 aggregate potential CAP obligation to decline substantially
 until fiscal year 2008 when a significant number of these
 provisions begin to expire. The last CAP obligation will expire
 on December 31, 2008. We have not recorded a liability
 related to the CAP, as we do not believe it is probable that our
 post-acquisition activities related to the PeopleSoft product
 line will trigger an obligation to make any payment pursuant to
 the CAP.

 In addition, while no assurance can be given as to the ultimate
 outcome of litigation, we believe we would also have substantial
 defenses with respect to the legality and enforceability of the
 CAP contract provisions in response to any claims seeking
 payment from Oracle under the CAP terms. While we have taken
 extensive steps to assure customers that we intend to continue
 developing and supporting the PeopleSoft and JD Edwards product
 lines and as of May 31, 2007 we have not received any
 claims for CAP payments, PeopleSoft customers may assert claims
 for CAP payments.

 We may have exposure to additional tax
 liabilities.
  As a multinational corporation,
 we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based
 taxes, in both the United States and various foreign
 jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
 our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax
 liabilities.

 In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many
 intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate
 tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by
 tax authorities. Our intercompany transfer pricing is currently
 being reviewed by the IRS and by foreign tax jurisdictions and
 will likely be subject to additional audits in the future. We
 previously negotiated three unilateral Advance Pricing
 Agreements with the IRS that cover many of our intercompany
 transfer pricing issues and preclude the IRS from making a
 transfer pricing adjustment within the scope of these
 agreements. However, these agreements, which are effective for
 fiscal years through May 31, 2006, do not cover all
 elements of our transfer pricing and do not bind tax authorities
 outside the United States. We have finalized one bilateral
 Advance Pricing Agreement and currently are negotiating an
 additional bilateral agreement to cover the period from
 June 1, 2001 through May 31, 2008. There can be no
 guarantee that such negotiations will result in an agreement.

 Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, we
 cannot assure you that the final determination of tax audits or
 tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our
 historical income tax provisions and accruals.

 We are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales,
 use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services
 taxes, in both the United States and various foreign
 jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities
 with respect to these non-income taxes and may have exposure to
 additional non-income tax liabilities. Our acquisition
 activities have increased our non-income tax exposures.

 There are risks associated with our outstanding
 indebtedness.
  As of May 31, 2007, we had
 an aggregate of $6.3 billion of outstanding indebtedness
 that will mature between 2009 and 2016 and we may incur
 additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to pay
 interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is
 dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and
 the other factors discussed in this section. There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to manage any of these risks
 successfully. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our
 outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value and
 liquidity of both our debt and equity securities.

 Our stock price could become more volatile and your
 investment could lose value.  
All of the
 factors discussed in this section could affect our stock price.
 The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new
 products, product enhancements or technological advances by our
 competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions,
 major transactions, or management changes could also affect our
 stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the
 press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or
 earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in
 investors’ or analysts’ valuation measures for our
 stock, our credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our
 performance. A significant drop in our stock price could also
 expose us to the risk of securities class actions lawsuits,
 which could result in substantial costs and divert
 management’s attention and resources, which could adversely
 affect our business.