Our future results of operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual
results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. Risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our business and are important to understanding our
business. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may adversely affect, to a material extent, our business, cash flows, financial
condition, or results of operations in future periods. In addition, you should refer to the description of forward-looking statements at the beginning of Part I of this Form 10-K. 

Our services may be adversely impacted by changes in government regulations and policies:    
Many of our
services, particularly payroll tax administration services and employee benefit plan administration services, are designed according to government regulations that continually change. Changes in regulations could affect the extent and type of
benefits employers are required, or may choose, to provide employees or the amount and type of taxes employers and employees are required to pay. Such changes could reduce or eliminate the need for some of our services and substantially decrease our
revenue. Added requirements could also increase our cost of doing business. Failure to educate and assist our clients regarding new or revised legislation that impacts them could have an adverse impact on our reputation. Failure by us to modify our
services in a timely fashion in response to regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our clients and our business could be adversely impacted by Health Care Reform:    
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “PPACA”) was enacted on
March 23, 2010. The PPACA was subsequently modified by the Heath Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 on March 30, 2010 (together with PPACA hereafter referred to as the “Act”). The Act entails sweeping health care
reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 through 2018, and many provisions of the Act require the issuance of additional guidance from the U.S. Departments of Labor and Heath & Human Services, the Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”), and the states. 

The complexity of federal and state regulations facing employers has continued to increase
over time, including the enactment of the Act. As a service provider, we have a responsibility to our clients to help them understand and adapt to these increased regulations. However, we are currently unable to determine the impacts to our clients
and our business of the required plan changes and provisions resulting from the Act. 

Also, as a co-employer in our PEO, we
assume or share many of the employer-related responsibilities and assist our clients in complying with many employment-related governmental regulations. Within this business, the changes may result in increased costs, limit or delay our ability to
increase service fees to offset such increased costs, and could affect our ability to attract and retain clients. 

Our
interest earned on funds held for clients may be impacted by changes in government regulations mandating the amount of tax withheld or timing of remittance:    
We receive interest income from investing client funds
collected but not yet remitted to applicable tax or regulatory agencies or to client employees. A change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to applicable tax or regulatory
agencies would adversely impact this interest income. 

We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or
provide timely enhancements to our products and services:    
To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. Our future success will
depend on our ability to enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal use systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients’ requirements. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new
technology. If our systems become outdated, we may be at a disadvantage when competing in our industry. There can be no assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a
timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our business and reputation may be affected by security breaches and other disruptions
to our information technology infrastructure, which could compromise Company and customer information:    
We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information,
and to support a variety of business processes. Vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data.
While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of security measures and constantly updating and adapting security requirements, our networks, products, and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats.

If we experience a problem with the functioning of key systems or a security breach of our systems, the resulting disruptions
could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business involves the use of significant amounts of private and confidential client information including employees’ identification numbers, bank accounts, and retirement account
information. This information is critical to the accurate and timely provision of services to our clients, and certain information may be transmitted via the Internet. This information could be compromised by a cyber attack. There is no guarantee
that our systems and processes are adequate to protect against all security breaches. If our systems are disrupted or fail for any reason, or if our systems are infiltrated by unauthorized persons, both the Company and our clients could experience
data loss, financial loss, harm to reputation, or significant business interruption. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by disruptions or security breaches in the future. Such events may expose us to
unexpected liability, litigation, regulation investigation and penalties, loss of clients’ business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party service providers to perform their
functions:    
As part of providing services to clients, we rely on a number of third-party service providers. These service providers include, but are not limited to, couriers used to deliver client payroll checks and
banks used to electronically transfer funds from clients to their employees. Failure by these service providers, for any reason, to deliver their services in a timely manner could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact client
relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us. 

We may be exposed to additional risks related to
our co-employment relationship within our PEO business:    
Many federal and state laws that apply to the employer-employee relationship do not specifically address the obligations and responsibilities of the
“co-employment” relationship. As a result, there is a possibility that we may be subject to liability for violations of employment or discrimination laws by our clients and acts or omissions of client employees, who may be deemed to be our
agents, even if we do not participate in any such acts or violations. Although our agreements with the clients provide that the client will indemnify us for any liability attributable to its own or its employees’ conduct, we may not be able to
effectively enforce or collect such contractual obligations. In addition, we could be subject to liabilities with respect to our employee benefit plans if it were determined that we are not the “employer” under any applicable state or
federal laws. 

We may be adversely impacted by changes in health insurance and workers’ compensation rates and
underlying claims trends:
    Within our PEO business, we maintain health and workers’ compensation insurance covering worksite employees. The insurance costs are impacted by claims experience and are a significant
portion of our PEO direct costs. If we experience a sudden and unexpected increase in claims activity, our costs could increase. In addition, in the event of expiration or cancellation of existing contracts, we may not be able to secure replacement
contracts on competitive terms. Increases in costs not incorporated into service fees timely or fully, could have a material adverse effect. Incorporating cost increases into service fees could also impact our ability to attract and retain clients.

We may be adversely impacted by volatility in the financial and economic
environment:
    During periods of weak economic conditions, employment levels tend to decrease and interest rates may become more volatile. These conditions may impact our business due to lower transaction volumes or an
increase in the number of clients going out of business. Current or potential clients may decide to reduce their spending on payroll and other outsourcing services. In addition, new business formation may be affected by an inability to obtain
credit. The interest we earn on funds held for clients may decrease as a result of a decline in funds available to invest and lower interest rates. In addition, during periods of volatility in the credit markets, certain types of

9 

Table of Contents

investments may not be available to us or may become too risky for us to invest in, further reducing the interest we may earn on client funds. Constriction in the credit markets may impact the
availability of financing, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings. We historically have not borrowed against available credit arrangements to meet liquidity needs. However, should we require additional short-term liquidity during days of
large outflows of client funds, a credit constriction may limit our ability to access those funds or the flexibility to obtain them at interest rates that would be acceptable to us. If all of these financial and economic circumstances were to remain
in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In the
event of a catastrophe, our business continuity plan may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations:    
Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure
against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, severe weather including events resulting from climate change, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant
disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather, including floods
and snowstorms, and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or
experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. 

Quantitative and
qualitative disclosures about market risk:    
Refer to Item 7A of this Form 10-K for a discussion on Market Risk Factors.