”
 and throughout Part II, Item 7
,

“
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
”
 of this Annual Report on Form 10
‑
K (“Form 10-K”), as well as in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange C
ommission (the “SEC”
), could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this Form 10
‑
K is based upon the facts and circumstances known at this time, and any forward-looking statements made by us in this Form 10
‑
K speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements after the date of filing this Form 10-K with the SEC to reflect events or circumstances after such date, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events
.

 ﻿

1

 Table of Contents

It

em 1.

Business

 Incorporated in Delaware in 1979, we are a leading provider of 
integrated human capital management (“HCM”) solutions for payroll, human resource (“HR”), retirement, and insurance services 
for small- to medium-siz
ed businesses. 
As of 
May 31, 2017
, we serviced approximately 
605,000
 payroll clients. We maintain our corporate headquarters in Rochester, New York, and serve clients throughout the U.S. and Germany.  We report our results of operations and financial condition as one business segment. Our fiscal year ends May 31st.

 Company Strategy

 Our mission is to be the leading provider of 
HCM solutions for payroll, HR, retirement, and insurance services for sma
ll- to medium-sized businesses by being an essential partner with America’s businesses.  We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance.  Our
 business
 strategy focuses on the following:

 ·

 flexible, convenient service;

 ·

 industry-leading, integrated technology;

 ·

 providing a 
comprehensive suite of value-added 
HCM
 services;

 ·

 solid sales execution;

 ·

 continued service penetration; and

 ·

 engaging in 
strategic acquisitions.

 Services and Products

 We offer a comprehensive portfolio of HCM services and products that allow our clients to meet their diverse payroll and 
HR
 needs.  Clients can select services on an á la carte basis or as part of various product bundles.  Our payroll-related ancillary services and Human Resource Service (“HRS”) offerings often leverage the information gathered in the base payroll processing service, allowing us to provide comprehensive outsourcing services covering the HCM 
spectrum. We were recently certified under the Small Business Efficiency Act (“SBEA”) related to our PEO

offering.  We
 provide insurance offerings through the Paychex Insurance Agency, Inc. (“PIA”) that allow employers to expand their employee benefit offerings at an affordable cost. We mainly earn our revenue through recurring fees for services performed. Service revenue is primarily driven by the number of clients, checks or transactions per client per pay period, and utilization of ancillary services.

 Paychex Flex
®

is our 
proprietary 
HCM software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) platform through which we provide an integrated product suite that covers the employee life cycle from recruiting and hiring to retirement. Paychex Flex streamlines workforce management through innovative technology and flexible choice of service. 
It
 uses a single cloud-based platform, with single client and employee records, and single sign-on, including self-service options and mobility applications. The HCM product suite integrates recruiting and applicant tracking, employee onboarding, payroll, employee benefits and human resource administration, time and attendance, and retirement services. 
In addition, Paychex Flex presents function-focused analytics throughout the platform, assisting HR leaders with making more informed business decisions.  
Paychex Flex also provides technology-enabled service, with options that include self-service, a 24/7 dedicated service center, individual payroll specialist, and integrated service via the multi-product service center.  In addition, large clients can utilize a relationship manager for more personalized service.  This flexible platform services our sm
all-business clients, mid-market clients, and our PEO business.

 The integration of flexible service options and leading-edge technology allows us to meet our clients' diverse needs by providing them with information and products when, where, and 
how they want it.  Our Paychex mobile a
pplications add greater value and convenience for our clients and their employees by allowing them instant access and increased productivity.  Paychex Flex
 uses a mobile-first design throughout our HCM suite, which allows full functionality of all application components, regardless of device or screen size.  Enabling
 our clients and their employees to have full a
ccess to our products offers 
diverse capabilities 
and flexibility 
for both the employer and employee.

2

 Table of Contents

Small-Business Clients

 For our small-business clients, which we define as typically less than 50 employees, Paychex 
supports
 the client in reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. We simplify their payroll with a combination of our dynamic products and customer service for a quick and easy pay day.
  Small-business payroll is provided via our core payroll, utilizing our robust Paychex Flex processing platform, or SurePayroll
®  
products.  Our core payroll clients can opt for our full-service customer service model through our branch operations or use Paychex Online Payroll
®
, our secure Internet portal. Paychex Online Payroll offers a suite of self-service and interactive services twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Both service models offer payroll processing, employee access online, general ledger service to provide payroll information to the client’s general ledger accounting software, and access to our industry-leading, web-based report center and robust report writer. Our SurePayroll SaaS solution offers “do-it-yourself,” self-service and mobile applications for small business
es
.

 With an environment of increasing regulations, the need for HR outsourcing services is moving down-market.  In particular, our small-business clients 
benefit from our time and attendance products, which allow them to accurately and efficiently manage the gathering and recording of employee hours worked.  
Our advanced suite of time and attendance products, incl
uding web and mobile tools, 
assist companies with the scheduling, tracking, and reporting of time
.  

Other Paychex solutions, such as our comprehensive human resource outsourcing solutions
,
 are also available for our small-business clients.

 Mid-Market Clients

 Our mid-market clients are 
typically 
defined as more than 50 employees 
with
 more complex payroll and employee benefit needs.  
Our mid-market clients
 are serviced through our Paychex Flex Enterprise solution set, which offers an integrated suite of HCM solutions 
on
 the Paychex Flex platform
, or through our legacy platform
.  
All new clients are sold on the Paychex Flex platform.  
Clients using Paychex Flex Enterprise are offered a SaaS solution that integrates payroll processing with 
HR
 management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking
,
 and onboarding solutions.  Paychex Flex Enterprise allows our mid-market clients to choose the services and software they need to meet the complexity of the business and have them integrated through one HCM solution.

 Mid-market clients also have the option to select 
the HCM modules they need with the ability to easily add services as they grow.  They can also 
opt for our comprehensive 
HR
 and payroll outsourcing solutions, Paychex HR Services. This flexibility allows our clients to define the solution that best meets their particular needs.

 Description of Services

 Payroll processing:  
For both our small-business and mid-market clients, payroll processing is the 
foundation
 of our portfolio of HCM services.  Payroll processing services include the calculation, preparation, and delivery of employee payroll checks; production of internal accounting records and management reports; preparation of payroll tax returns; and collection and remittance of clients’ payroll obligations.  Along with payroll processing, clients can also select from the following payroll-related ancillary services:

 ·

 Payroll tax administration services:
   Our payroll tax administration services provide accurate preparation and timely filing of quarterly and year-end tax returns, as well as the electronic transfer of funds to the applicable tax or regulatory agencies (federal, state, and local). In connection with these services, we electronically collect payroll 
taxes
 from clients’ bank accounts, typically on payday, prepare and file the applicable tax returns, and remit taxes to the applicable tax or regulatory agencies on the respective due dates. These taxes are typically paid between one and 30 days after receipt of collections from clients, with some items extending to 90 days. We handle regula
tory correspondence, amendments,
 and penalty and interest disputes.

 ·

 Employee payment services:
    Our employee payment services provide an employer with the option of paying their employees by direct deposit, payroll debit card, a check drawn on a Paychex account (Readychex
®
), or a check drawn on the employer’s account and electronically signed by us. For each of the first three methods, we electronically collect net payroll from the clients’ bank accounts, typically one business day before payday, and provide payment to the employees on payday. 
Same day ACH functionality is also available for clients using direct deposit, allowing employers the flexibility to pay employees via direct deposit on the same day they initiate payroll.  
Our Readychex service provides a cost-effective solution that offers the benefit of convenient, one-step payroll account reconciliation for employers.

3

 Table of Contents

 ·

 Regulatory compliance services:
    We offer new-hire reporting services, which enable clients to comply with federal and state requirements to report information on newly hired employees. This information aids the government in enforcing child support orders and minimizes fraudulent unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance claims. Our garnishment processing service provides deductions from employees’ pay, forwards payments to third-party agencies, including those that require electronic payments, and tracks the obligations to fulfillment. These services enable employers to comply with legal requirements and reduce the risk of penalties.

 Human Resource Services: 
We offer complementary services for outsourcing of various 
HR
 functions to our payroll clients.  In addition, some of these services can be provided to clients who do not opt for payroll
 processing.  Our 
services are categorized as follows:

 ·

 Paychex HR Services:
    We offer comprehensive 
HR
 outsourcing solutions that provide businesses a full-service approach to the outsourcing of employer and employee administrative needs. Our Paychex HR Services offering is available through Paychex HR Solutions, an administrative services organization (“ASO”), or Paychex PEO. Both options offer businesses a combined package of services that includes payroll, employer compliance, 
HR
 and employee benefits administration, risk management outsourcing, and the on-site availability of a professionally trained 
HR
 representative. These comprehensive bundles of services are designed to make it easier for businesses to manage their payroll and related benefit costs while providing a benefits package equal to that of larger companies. Our PEO differs from the ASO in that we serve as a co-employer of the clients’ employees, 
offer
 health care coverage to PEO 
client 
employees, and assume the risks and rewards of workers’ compensation insurance and certain health insurance offerings. PEO services are sold through our registered and licensed subsidiary, 
Paychex Business Solutions, LLC, subsidiaries of which are certified to provide PEO services under the SBEA.
 We also offer Paychex HR Essentials, which is an ASO product that provides support to our clients over the phone or online to help manage employee-rel
ated topics.  As of May 31, 2017
, Payche
x HR Services was utilized by approximately 37
,00
0 clients with approximately 1,021,000
 client worksite employees.

 ·

 Retirement services administration:
    Our retirement services product line offers a variety of options to clients, including 401(k) plans, 401(k) SIMPLE plans, SIMPLE IRAs, 401(k) plans with safe harbor provisions, owner-only 401(k) plans, profit sharing plans, and money purchase plans. These services provide plan implementation, ongoing compliance with government regulations, employee and employer reporting, participant and employer online access, electronic funds transfer, and other administrative services. Auto enrollment is an optional plan feature that allows employers to automatically enroll employees in their company’s 401(k) plan and increase overall plan participation. Clients have the ability to choose from a group of pre-defined fund selections or to customize their investment options within their plan. We are the largest 401(k) recordkeeper for small businesses in the U.S. Our large-market retirement services clients include 
relationships with 
financi
al advisors.  As of May 31, 2017
, retirement s
ervices covered approximately 78
,000 plans and the asset value of participants' funds externally man
aged totaled approximately $27.4
 billion.

 ·

 Insurance services:
    Our
 licensed insurance agency, PIA
, provides insurance through a variety of carriers. Insurance offerings include property and casualty coverage such as workers’ compensation, business-owner policies, commercial auto, and health and benefits coverage, including health, dental, vision, and life. Our insurance services simplify the insurance process to make it easy to find plans with the features and affordability to meet the client’s needs. With access to numerous top national and regional insurance carriers, our professional insurance agents have access to a wide selection of plans from which they can best match the insurance needs of small businesses. Additionally, clients have the option to integrate their insurance plans with Paychex payroll processing for easy, accurate plan administration.

 We also offer 
comprehensive solutions to help employers and employees with certain mandates under 
the Affordable

C
are 
Act (“ACA”), which sets forth specific coverage and reporting requirements that employers must meet
.  Our Paychex 
Employer Shared Responsibility (“ESR”)
 Service is aimed at helping 
clients: 1) determine if the ACA’s ESR
 provision applies
 to them; 2) provide ongoing ACA
 analysis and monitoring, along with automatic alerts, of their employees and hours worked; 3) evaluate if their health care offering meets the minimum coverage requirement; and 4) prepare end-of-year reporting.

 PIA has a website, 
www.paychexinsurance.com
, with information and interactive tools to help educate visitors on insurance and aid in making business insurance decisions.   A section on this website is designed to provide answers, information, and solutions that employers can use to prepare for and take action to comply with health care reform.

4

 Table of Contents

 ·

 HR administration services:
    We offer 
cloud-based

HR
 administration software products for employee benefits management and administration, time and attendance solutions, and recruiting.  Paychex HR Online offers powerful tools for managing employee benefits, personnel information, and 
HR
 compliance and reporting.  Our BeneTrac service manages the employee-benefit enrollment process.  Our time and attendance products, including our 
integrated FlexT
ime
®
 software
,  
provides timekeeping, scheduling, and workforce analytics
.  
These services
 allow the employer to handle multiple payroll scenarios, improving productivity, accuracy, and reliability in the payroll process.  Our expense reporting solution is a web-based solution that provides clients with tools to manage and control the expense reporting process.  The applicant tracking suite provides technology that streamlines, simplifies, and drives the applicant workflow and onboarding process for companies of all sizes.

 ·

 Other human resource services and products:
    We offer the outsourcing of plan administration under section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code, allowing employees to use pre-tax dollars to pay for certain health insurance benefits and health and dependent care expenses not covered by insurance. All required implementation, administration, compliance, claims processing and reimbursement, and coverage tests are provided with these services. We offer state unemployment insurance services, which provide clients with prompt processing for all claims, appeals, determinations, change statements, and requests for separation documents. Other HRS products include employee handbooks, management manuals, and personnel and required regulatory forms. These products are designed to simplify clients’ office processes and enhance their employee benefits programs.

 Accounting and Financial Services:  
We offer various accounting and financial services to small- to medium-sized businesses.  These services offer additional value-added benefits for small-business owners
. Paychex Advance, LLC was established in December 2015 with the acquisition of Advance Partners and offers customizable solutions to the temporary staffing industry, including payroll funding (via purchase of accounts receivable) and outsourcing services, which include payroll processing, invoicing, and tax preparation.  In addition, through partnerships with third-party providers, we provide clients opportunities for services such as 
payment processing services
, financial fitness programs,
 an
d
 a small-business loan resource center.

 Sales and Marketing

 We market and sell our services primarily through our direct sales force based in the metropolitan markets we serve.  Our direct sales force includes sales representatives who have defined geographical territories and specialize within our portfolio of services. Within payroll
,
 we differentiate the markets we serve between small-business and mid-market companies.  Our sales representatives are also supported by marketing, advertising, public relations, trade shows, and telemarketing programs.  We utilize a virtual sales force to service geographical areas where we may not have a local presence
, cover inbound leads for certain small-business clients,
 or for products for which we do not have a local sales force.  We sell HRS products to both new clients and our existing client base.

 In addition to our direct selling and marketing efforts, we utilize other indirect sales channels such as our relationships with existing clients, certified public accountants (“CPAs”), and banks for new client referrals.  Approximately 5
5% of our new 

small-market 
payroll clients (excluding business acquisitions) come from these referral sources.  Our dedicated business development group drives sales through banking, national association
s
, and franchise channels.
  We also utilize digital marketing as a means to market our services.

 We have a long-standing partnership with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”) as the preferred payroll provider for its AICPA Business Solutions
TM
 Program.  Our current partnership agreement with the AICPA is in p
lace through September 2021
.  We also 
partner
 with various state CPA society organizations.

 Our website, which is available at 
www.paychex.com
, includes online payroll sales presentations and service and product information.  It also serves as a cost-efficient tool that serves as a source of leads and new sales, while complementing the efforts of our direct sales force. This online tool allows us to market to clients and prospective clients in other geographical areas where we do not have a direct sales presence. In addition, our insurance services website, which is available at 
www.paychexinsurance.com
,  provides information to help small businesses navigate the insurance industry, and generates leads by allowing interested parties to get in contact with one of our professional insurance agents.

5

 Table of Contents

Paychex also builds on its reputation as an expert in the 
HCM
 industry by providing education and assistance to clients and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impacts of regulatory change. We track current regulatory issues that impact the small business community and provide a monthly regulatory update. Our  Paychex Accountant Knowledge Center is a free online resource available through our website that brings valuable information and time-saving online tools to accounting professionals.  The BuildMyBiz
®
 website, which is available at 
www.BuildMyBiz.com
, provides 
convenient collections of information, tools, and services on challenges facing entrepreneurs
.

 Markets and Competition

 We remain focused on servicing small- to medium-sized businesses based upon the growth potential that we believe exists in the markets we serve. Our internal database source indicates
 that there are approximately 12
 million addressable businesses in the geographic markets that we currently serve within the U.S. Of those businesses, 
approximately 
99% have fewer than 100 employees and comprise our primary customers and target market. The average client size within our existing
 client base is approximately 16.0
 employees.  We believe that there is opportunity for us in the HCM market as the demand is moving down-market to smaller businesses.

 We serve a diverse base of small- to medium-sized clients operating in a broad range of industries located throughout the U.S. and in Germany.  Revenue from operations in Germany and long-lived assets in Germany are not material. We utilize service agreements and arrangements with clients that are generally terminable by the client at any time or upon relatively short notice. For th
e fiscal year ended May 31, 2017 (“fiscal 2017
”), client 
retention was approximately 81
% of our beginning of the year client base
, a slight decrease from the prior fiscal year’s near-record-high level
. No single client has a material impact on total service revenue or results of operations.

 The market for 
HCM
 services is highly competitive and fragmented. We have one primary national competitor and we also compete with other national, regional, local, and online service providers, all of which we believe have significantly fewer clients than us. In addition to traditional payroll processing and 
HR
 service providers, we compete 
with in-house payroll and HR 
systems and departments. Payroll and 
HR
 systems and software are sold by many vendors. HRS products also compete with a variety of providers of 
HR
 services, such as retirement services companies, insurance companies, and 
HR
 and benefits consulting firms.

 Competition in the payroll processing and 
HR
 services industry is primarily based on service responsiveness, product quality and reputation, including ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of service and product offerings, and price. We believe we are competitive in each of these areas.  We believe that our excellent customer service, together with our leading-edge technology and mobility applications, distinguishes us from our competitors.

 Software Maintenance and Development

 The ever-changing mandates of F
ederal, state, and local tax and regulatory agencies require us to regularly update our proprietary software to provide payroll and 
HR
 services to our clients. We are continually engaged in developing enhancements to and the maintenance of our various software platforms to meet the changing requirements of our clients and the marketplace. We continue to enhance our SaaS solutions and mobility applications to offer our users an integrated and unified experience.  Continued enhancement of the client and client employee experience is important to our future success.

 Employees

 As of May 31, 2017, we employed approximately 13,7
00 people.  None of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements.

 Intellectual Property

 We own or license and use a number of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, computer programs and software, and other intellectual property rights. Taken as a whole, our intellectual property rights are material to the conduct of our business. Where it is determined to be appropriate, we take measures to protect our intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, confidentiality/non-disclosure agreements or policies with employees, vendors, and others; license agreements with licensees and licensors of intellectual property; and registration of certain trademarks. We believe that the “Paychex” name, trademark, and logo are of material importance to us.

6

 Table of Contents

Seasonality

 There is no significant seasonality to our business. However, during our third fiscal quarter, which ends in February, the number of new payroll clients, new retirement services clients, and new Paychex HR Services worksite employees tends to be higher than during the rest of the fiscal year, primarily because many new clients prefer to start using our services at the beginning of a calendar year. In addition, calendar year-end transaction processing and client funds activity are traditionally higher during our third fiscal quarter due to clients paying year-end bonuses and requesting additional year-end services. Historically, as a result of these factors, our total revenue has been slightly higher in our third fiscal quarter, with greater sales commission expenses also reported in that quarter.

 Available Information

 We are subject to the informational and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports may be read and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website (
www.sec.gov
) that includes our reports, proxy statements, and other information.
  The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into our Form 10-K.

 Our corporate website, 
www.paychex.com
, provides materials for 
investors
 and information about our services.  Our Form 10-Ks, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other SEC filings, as well as any amendments to such reports and filings, are made available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC.  Also, copies of our Annual Report to Stockholders and Proxy Statement, to be is
sued in connection with our 2017
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, will be made available, free of charge, upon written request submitted to Paychex, Inc., c/o Corporate Secretary, 911 Panorama Trail South, Rochester, New York 14625-2396
.

 It

em 1A.

Risk Factors

 Our future results of operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our business and are important to understanding our business. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may adversely affect, possibly to a material extent, our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. In addition, you should refer to the description of forward-looking statements at the beginning of Part I of this Form 10-K.

 Our services may be adversely impacted by changes in government regulations and policies.    
Many of our services, particularly payroll tax administration services and employee benefit plan administration services, are designed according to government regulations that continually change, for example, the Department of Labor’s recently adopted fiduciary rule for retirement plan service. Changes in regulations could affect the extent and type of benefits employers are required, or may choose, to provide employees or the amount and type of taxes employers and employees are required to pay. Such changes could reduce or eliminate the need for some of our services and substantially decrease our revenue. Added requirements could also increase our cost of doing business. Failure to educate and assist our clients regarding new or revised legislation that impacts them could have an adverse impact on our reputation. Failure by us to modify our services in a timely fashion in response to regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

 Our business may be adversely impacted if the ACA is repealed in its entirety or certain aspects of ACA are repealed or modified as a result of recent political changes.  
 On January 20, 2017, President Donald J. Trump issued an executive order stating that it is the policy of the new administration to seek the prompt repeal of the ACA.  While initial attempts at repeal and replacement have not been successful, the current administration continues to work toward that goal.  In May 2017, the U.S. House of Representatives approved legislation to repeal and replace major parts of the ACA and the U.S. Senate is currently considering the legislation.  Uncertainties exist regarding if and when the ACA will ultimately be modified or repealed.  If the ACA is modified to eliminate the employer reporting requirements or if the ACA is repealed and new legislation does not include such reporting requirements, it will negatively impact the revenue we currently generate from our ESR service.  Uncertainty regarding the potential future modification, repeal, or replacement of the ACA could adversely affect our ability to sell our ESR application to new clients.  Failure to update our services to comply with modified or new legislation in the area of health care reform as well as failure to educate and assist our clients regarding this legislation could adversely impact our business reputation and negatively impact our client base.  

7

 Table of Contents

We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services
.  The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions, and enhancements and changing industry standards.   To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. Our future success will depend on our ability to: enhance our current products and introduce new products in order to keep pace with products offered by our competitors; enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients’ requirements; and adapt to technological advancements and changing industry standards. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, we may be at a disadvantage when competing in our industry. There can be no assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations.

 Our reputation, results of operations, or financial condition may be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with data privacy laws and regulations.  
Our services require the storage and transmission of proprietary and confidential information of our clients and their employees, including personal or identifying information, as well as their financial and payroll data.  Our applications are subject to various complex government laws and regulations on the federal, state, and local levels, including those governing personal privacy.  In the U.S., we are subject to rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, the ACA, federal and state labor and employment laws, and state data breach notification laws.  Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.  The regulatory framework for privacy issues is rapidly evolving and future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our business and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.

 We could be subject  to reduced revenues, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position as a result of cyber-attacks, security vulnerabilities or Internet disruptions.  
We rely upon information technology (“IT”) networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes.  Cyber-attacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation.  A privacy or IT security breach could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Data Security and Privacy Leaks
:  We collect, use, and retain increasingly large amounts of personal information about our clients, employees of our clients, and our employees, including:  bank account numbers, credit card numbers, social security numbers, tax return information, health care information, retirement account information, payroll information, system and network passwords, and other sensitive personal and business information.  At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security.  Vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crimes pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data.

 Our service platforms enable our clients to store and process personal data on premise or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment that we host.  The security of our IT infrastructure is an important consideration in our customers’ purchasing decisions.  As cyber threats continue to evolve, we are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information.  While we have security systems and IT infrastructure in place designed to detect and protect against unauthorized access to such information, if our security measures are breached, our business could be substantially harmed and we could incur significant liabilities. Any such breach or unauthorized access could negatively affect our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to terminate their agreements with us, result in reputational damage, and subject us to lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liabilities which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.  Third parties, including vendors that provide services for our operations, could also be a source of security risk to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. 

 Data Loss and Business Interruption
:  
If our systems are disrupted or fail for any reason, including Internet or systems failure, or if our systems are infiltrated by unauthorized persons, both the Company and our clients could experience data loss, financial loss, harm to reputation, or significant business interruption. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by disruptions or security breaches in the future. Such events may expose us to unexpected liability, litigation, regulatory investigation and penalties, loss of clients’ business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

8

 Table of Contents

In the event of a catastrophe, our business continuity plan may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.    
Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, severe weather including events resulting from climate change, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather, including hurricanes, floods, and snowstorms, and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients.

 We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions.    
As part of providing services to clients, we rely on a number of third-party service providers. These service providers include, but are not limited to, couriers used to deliver client payroll checks and banks used to electronically transfer funds from clients to their employees. Failure by these service providers, for any reason, to deliver their services in a timely manner could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us.

 We may be exposed to additional risks related to our co-employment relationship within our PEO business.    
Many federal and state laws that apply to the employer-employee relationship do not specifically address the obligations and responsibilities of the “co-employment” relationship. As a result, there is a possibility that we may be subject to liability for violations of employment or discrimination laws by our clients and acts or omissions of client employees, who may be deemed to be our agents, even if we do not participate in any such acts or violations. Although our agreements with clients provide that they will indemnify us for any liability attributable to their own or their employees’ conduct, we may not be able to effectively enforce or collect such contractual obligations. In addition, we could be subject to liabilities with respect to our employee benefit plans if it were determined that we are not the “employer” under any applicable state or federal laws.

 We may be adversely impacted by changes in health insurance and workers’ compensation rates and underlying claims trends.
    Within our PEO business, we maintain health and workers’ compensation insurance covering worksite employees. The insurance costs are impacted by claims experience and are a significant portion of our PEO costs. If we experience a sudden or unexpected increase in claims activity, our costs could increase. In addition, in the event of expiration or cancellation of existing contracts, we may not be able to secure replacement contracts on competitive terms. Also, as a co-employer in the PEO, we assume or share many of the employer-related responsibilities associated with health care reform, which may result in increased costs.  Increases in costs not incorporated into service fees timely or fully could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Incorporating cost increases into service fees could also impact our ability to attract and retain clients.

 Our clients could have insufficient funds to cover payments we have made on their behalf, resulting in financial loss to us.  
As part of the payroll processing service, we are authorized by our clients to transfer money from their accounts to fund amounts owed to their employees and various taxing authorities.  It is possible that we could be held liable for such amounts in the event the client has insufficient funds to cover them.  We have in the past, and may in the future, make payments on our clients’ behalf for which we may not  be reimbursed, resulting in loss to us.

 Our interest earned on funds held for clients may be impacted by changes in government regulations mandating the amount of tax withheld or timing of remittance.    
We receive interest income from investing client funds collected but not yet remitted to applicable tax or regulatory agencies or to client employees. A change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to applicable tax or regulatory agencies could adversely impact interest income.

 We may be adversely impacted by volatility in the political and economic environment.
    Trade, monetary and fiscal policies, and political and economic conditions may substantially change, and credit markets may experience periods of constriction and variability.  When there is a slowdown in the economy, employment levels and interest rates may decrease or become more volatile. These conditions may impact our business due to lower transaction volumes or an increase in the number of clients going out of business. Current or potential clients may decide to reduce their spending on payroll and other outsourcing services. In addition, new business formation may be affected by an inability to obtain credit. 

 We invest our funds held for clients in high quality, investment-grade marketable securities, money markets, and other cash equivalents. However, these funds held for clients are subject to general market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks.  These risks may be exacerbated during periods of unusual financial market volatility.  The interest we earn on funds held for clients may decrease as a result of a decline in funds available to invest and lower interest rates. In addition, during periods of volatility in the credit markets, certain types of investments may not be available to us or may become too risky for us to invest in, further reducing the interest we may earn on client funds. 

9

 Table of Contents

Constriction in the credit markets may impact the availability of financing, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings. Historically, we have periodically borrowed against available credit arrangements to meet short-term liquidity needs. However, should we require additional short-term liquidity during days of large outflows of client funds, a credit constriction may limit our ability to access those funds or the flexibility to obtain them at interest rates that would be acceptable to us. Growth in services for funding payrolls of our clients in the temporary staffing industry may be constricted if access to financing becomes limited.  If all of these financial and economic circumstances were to remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

 We may not be able to attract and retain qualified people, which could impact the quality of our services and customer satisfaction.
  Our success, growth, and financial results depend in part on our continuing ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified people at all levels, including management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel.  Competition for these individuals can be intense, and we may not be able to retain our key people, or attract, assimilate, or retain other highly-qualified individuals in the future, which could harm our future success.

 Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may harm our competitive position and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against third party allegations of infringement may be costly
.
  Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be unable to do so effectively in all cases.  Our intellectual property could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a cyber-attack or other wrongful conduct by employees or third parties.  To the extent that our intellectual property is not protected effectively by trademarks, copyrights, patents, or other means, other parties with knowledge of our intellectual property, including former employees, may seek to exploit our intellectual property for their own and others’ advantage.  Competitors may also misappropriate our trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights or duplicate our technology and products.  Any significant impairment or misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information could harm our business and our brand, and may adversely affect our ability to compete.

 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk:    
Refer to Item 7A of this Form 10-K for a discussion on Market Risk Factors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.