Our future results of operations are subject to a number of
 risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could
 cause actual results to differ materially from historical and
 current results and from our projections. Important factors
 known to us that could cause such differences include, but are
 not limited to, those discussed below and those contained in the
 “Safe Harbor” statement at the beginning of
 Part I of this
 Form 10-K.

 We may be adversely impacted by volatility in the
 financial and economic environment:  
During
 periods of weakening economic conditions, employment levels may
 decrease and interest rates may become more volatile. These
 conditions may impact our business due to lower transaction
 volumes or an increase in the number of clients going out of
 business. Current or potential clients may decide to reduce
 their spending on payroll and other outsourcing services. In
 addition, new business starts may be affected by an inability to
 obtain credit. The interest we earn on funds held for clients
 may decrease as a result of a decline in funds available to
 invest and lower interest rates. In addition, during periods of
 volatility in the credit markets, certain types of investments
 may not be available to us or may become too risky for us to
 invest in, further reducing the interest we may earn on client
 funds. Constriction in the credit markets may impact the
 availability of financing, even to borrowers with the highest
 credit ratings. We historically have not borrowed against
 available credit arrangements to meet liquidity needs. However,
 should we require additional short-term liquidity during days of
 large outflows of client funds, a credit constriction may limit
 our ability to access those funds or the flexibility to obtain
 them at interest rates that would be acceptable to us. If all of
 these financial and economic circumstances were to remain in
 effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

 Our interest earned on funds held for clients may be
 impacted by changes in government regulations mandating the
 amount of tax withheld or timing of
 remittance:  
We receive interest income from
 investing client funds collected but not yet remitted to
 applicable tax or regulatory agencies or to client employees. A
 change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to
 be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to applicable
 tax or regulatory agencies would adversely impact this interest
 income.

 Our services may be adversely impacted by changes in
 government regulations and policies:  
Many of
 our services, particularly payroll tax administration services
 and employee benefit plan administration services, are designed
 according to government regulations that continue to change.
 Changes in regulations could affect the extent and type of
 benefits employers are required, or may choose, to provide
 employees or the amount and type of taxes employers and
 employees are required to pay. Such changes could reduce or
 eliminate the need for some of our services and substantially
 decrease our revenue. Added requirements could also increase our
 cost of doing business. Failure by us to modify our services in
 a timely fashion in response to regulatory changes could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

 We may not be able to keep pace with changes in
 technology:  
To maintain our growth strategy,
 we must adapt and respond to technological advances and
 technological requirements of our clients. Our future success
 will depend on our ability to enhance capabilities and increase
 the performance of our internal use systems, particularly our
 systems that meet our clients’ requirements. We continue to
 make significant investments related to the development of new
 technology. If our systems become outdated, we may be at a
 disadvantage when competing in our industry. There can be no
 assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will
 be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in
 a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to
 provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse
 effect to our business and results of operations.

 In the event of a catastrophe, our business continuity
 plan may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and
 adversely interrupt operations:
  Our
 operations are dependent on our ability to protect our
 infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural
 disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss,
 telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events
 that could have a significant disruptive effect on our
 operations. We have a

 8

Table of Contents

 business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure
 due to any of these events. If the business continuity plan is
 unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could
 potentially lose client data or experience material adverse
 interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our
 clients.

 We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party
 service providers to perform their
 functions:  
As part of providing services to
 clients, we rely on a number of third-party service providers.
 These service providers include, but are not limited to,
 couriers used to deliver client payroll checks and banks used to
 electronically transfer funds from clients to their employees.
 Failure by these service providers, for any reason, to deliver
 their services in a timely manner could result in material
 interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and
 result in significant penalties or liabilities to us.

 We may make errors and omissions in providing services,
 which could result in significant penalties and liabilities for
 us:  
Processing, tracking, collecting, and
 remitting client funds to the applicable tax or regulatory
 agencies, client employees, and other third parties are complex
 operations. These tasks could be subject to error and these
 errors could include, but are not limited to, late filing with
 applicable tax or regulatory agencies, underpayment of taxes,
 and failure to comply with applicable banking regulations and
 laws relating to employee benefits administration, which could
 result in significant penalties and liabilities that would
 adversely affect our results of operations. We could also
 transfer funds in error to an incorrect party or for the wrong
 amount, and may be unable to correct the error or recover the
 funds, resulting in a loss to us.

 We may experience a loss as the result of our clients
 having insufficient funds to cover payments we have made on
 their behalf to applicable tax or regulatory agencies and
 employees:  
As part of the payroll processing
 service, we are authorized by our clients to transfer money from
 their bank accounts to fund amounts owed to their employees and
 applicable tax or regulatory agencies. It is possible that we
 would be held liable for such amounts in the event the client
 has insufficient funds to cover them. We have made in the past,
 and may make in the future, payments on our clients’ behalf
 for which we are not reimbursed, resulting in a loss to us.

 Our business and reputation may be affected by our ability
 to keep clients’ information
 confidential:  
Our business involves the use
 of significant amounts of private and confidential client
 information including employees’ identification numbers,
 bank accounts, and retirement account information. This
 information is critical to the accurate and timely provision of
 services to our clients, and certain information may be
 transmitted via the Internet. There is no guarantee that our
 systems and processes are adequate to protect against all
 security breaches. If our systems are disrupted or fail for any
 reason, or if our systems are infiltrated by unauthorized
 persons, our clients could experience data loss, financial loss,
 harm to reputation, or significant business interruption. Such
 events may expose us to unexpected liability, litigation,
 regulation investigation and penalties, loss of clients’
 business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there
 could be a material adverse effect on our business and results
 of operations.

 We may be exposed to additional risks related to our
 co-employment relationship within our PEO
 business:  
Many federal and state laws that
 apply to the employer-employee relationship do not specifically
 address the obligations and responsibilities of the
 “co-employment” relationship. As a result, there is a
 possibility that we may be subject to liability for violations
 of employment or discrimination laws by our clients and acts or
 omissions of client employees, who may be deemed to be our
 agents, even if we do not participate in any such acts or
 violations. Although our agreements with the clients provide
 that the client will indemnify us for any liability attributable
 to its own or its employees’ conduct, we may not be able to
 effectively enforce or collect such contractual obligations. In
 addition, we could be subject to liabilities with respect to our
 employee benefit plans if it were determined that we are not the
 “employer” under any of the state or federal laws.

 We may not realize the anticipated benefits from
 acquisitions:  
From time to time we acquire
 other companies. The effective integration of acquired companies
 may be difficult to achieve. It is also possible that we may not
 realize any or all expected benefits from acquisitions or
 achieve benefits from acquisitions in a timely manner. In
 addition, we may incur significant costs and management’s
 time and attention may be diverted from other parts of our
 business in connection with the integration of acquisitions.
 Failure to effectively integrate future acquisitions could have
 a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

 9

Table of Contents

 We may have an adverse outcome of legal matters, which
 could harm our business:  
We are subject to
 various claims and legal matters that arise in the normal course
 of business. These include disputes or potential disputes
 related to breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty,
 employment-related claims, tax claims, and other matters. As of
 May 31, 2009, we have a reserve of $20.4 million for
 pending litigation. Refer to Item 3 of this

Form 10-K
 for additional disclosure regarding legal proceedings. In light
 of the litigation reserve recorded, our management currently
 believes that resolution of outstanding legal matters will not
 have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
 results of our operations. However, legal matters are subject to
 inherent uncertainties and there exists the possibility that
 their ultimate resolution could have a material adverse effect
 on our financial position and results of operations in the
 period in which any such effect is recorded.

 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market
 risk:  
Refer to Item 7A of this

Form 10-K
 for a discussion on Market Risk Factors.