Our future results of operations are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could
cause actual results to differ materially from historical and
current results and from our projections. Important factors
known to us that could cause such differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed below and those contained in the
“Safe Harbor” statement at the beginning of
Part I of this
Form 10-K.

We may make errors and omissions in providing services,
which could result in significant penalties and liabilities for
us:
 Processing, tracking, collecting, and remitting
client funds to the applicable tax or regulatory agencies,
client employees, and other third parties are complex
operations. These tasks could be subject to error and these
errors could include, but are not limited to, late filing with
applicable tax or regulatory agencies, underpayment of taxes,
and failure to comply with applicable banking regulations and
laws relating to employee benefits administration, which could
result in significant penalties and liabilities that would
adversely affect our results of operations. We could also
transfer funds in error to an incorrect party or for the wrong
amount, and may be unable to correct the error or recover the
funds, resulting in a loss to us.

Our business and reputation may be affected by our ability
to keep clients’ information confidential:
 Our
business involves the use of significant amounts of private and
confidential client information including employees
identification numbers, bank accounts, and retirement account
information. This information is critical to the accurate and
timely provision of services to our clients, and certain
information may be transmitted via the Internet. There is no
guarantee that our systems and processes are adequate to protect
against all security breaches. If our systems are disrupted or
fail for any reason, or if our systems are infiltrated by
unauthorized persons, our clients could experience data loss,
financial loss, harm to reputation, or significant business
interruption. Such events may expose us to unexpected liability,
litigation, regulation investigation and penalties, loss of
clients business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and
there could be a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations.

We may be adversely impacted by changes in government
regulations and policies:
 Many of our services,
particularly payroll tax administration services and benefit
plan administration services, are designed according to
government regulations that continue to change. Changes in
regulations could affect the extent and type of benefits
employers are required, or may choose, to provide employees or
the amount and type of taxes employers and employees are
required to pay. Such changes could reduce or eliminate the need
for some of our services and substantially decrease our revenue.
Added requirements could also increase our cost of doing
business. Failure by us to modify our services in a timely
fashion in response to regulatory changes could have adverse
effects on our business and results of operations.

We may be adversely impacted by failure of third-party
service providers to perform their functions:
 As part of
providing services to clients, we rely on a number of
third-party service providers. These providers include, but are
not limited to, couriers used to deliver client payroll checks
and banks used to electronically transfer funds from clients to
their employees. Failure by these providers, for any reason, to
deliver their

8

Table of Contents

services in a timely manner could result in material
interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and
result in significant penalties or liabilities to us.

In the event of a catastrophe our business continuity plan
may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and
adversely interrupt operations:
 Our operations are
dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against
damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized
security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure,
terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant
disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business
continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to
any of these events. If the business continuity plan is
unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could
potentially lose client data or experience material adverse
interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our
clients.

We may not be able to keep pace with changes in
technology:
 To maintain our growth strategy, we must
adapt and respond to technological advances and technological
requirements of our clients. Our future success will depend on
our ability to enhance capabilities and increase the performance
of our internal use systems, particularly our systems that meet
our clients’ requirements. We continue to make significant
investments related to the development of new technology. If our
systems become outdated, we may be at a disadvantage when
competing in our industry. There can be no assurance that our
efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If
we do not timely integrate and update our systems, or if our
investments in technology fail to provide the expected results,
there could be an adverse impact to our business and results of
operations.

We may not realize the anticipated benefits from
acquisitions:
 The effective integration of acquired
companies may be difficult to achieve. It is also possible that
we may not realize any or all expected benefits from
acquisitions or achieve benefits from acquisitions in a timely
manner. In addition, we may incur significant costs and
management’s time and attention may be diverted in
connection with the integration of acquisitions. Failure to
effectively integrate future acquisitions could affect our
results of operations. We currently have no definitive
agreements or current plans with respect to any material
prospective acquisitions.

We may have an adverse outcome of legal matters, which
could harm our business:
 We are subject to various
claims and legal matters that arise in the normal course of
business. These include disputes or potential disputes related
to breach of contract, employment-related claims, tax claims,
and other matters. As of May 31, 2006, we have a reserve of
$15.6 million for pending legal matters. See Item 3 of
this Form 
10-K for
additional disclosure. In light of the legal reserve recorded,
our management currently believes that resolution of these
matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or results of our operations. However, these matters
are subject to inherent uncertainties and there exists the
possibility that their ultimate resolution could have a material
adverse impact on our financial position and results of
operations in the period in which any such effect is recorded.

We may experience a loss as the result of our clients
having insufficient funds to cover payments we have made on
their behalf to applicable tax or regulatory agencies and
employees:
 As part of the payroll processing service, we
are authorized by our clients to transfer money from their bank
accounts to fund amounts owed to their employees and applicable
tax or regulatory agencies. It is possible that we would be held
liable for such amounts in the event the client has insufficient
funds to cover them. We have in the past, and may in the future,
make payments on our clients’ behalf for which we are not
reimbursed, resulting in a loss to us.

Our interest earned on funds held for clients may be
impacted by changes in government regulations mandating the
amount of tax withheld or timing of remittance:
 We
receive interest income from investing client funds collected
but not yet remitted to applicable tax or regulatory agencies or
to client employees. A change in regulations either decreasing
the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to
remit taxes to applicable tax or regulatory agencies would
adversely impact this interest income.

We may be exposed to additional risks related to a foreign
operation as a result of our business in Germany:
 We
currently have approximately 500 clients in Germany. As a
result, our business is subject to political and economic
instability unrelated to our operations in the
U.S. Additionally, our business in Germany exposes us to
currency fluctuations and we must operate under legal and tax
regulations that differ from those of the U.S. We do not
currently hedge our foreign currency transactions due to the
relatively

9

Table of Contents

insignificant amounts. Our entry into foreign operations
requires a significant investment and management’s
attention. There can be no assurance that our investment in
Germany will produce expected levels of revenue or that other
factors noted previously will not harm our business.

Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market
risk:
 Refer to Item 7A of this
Form 
10-K for a
discussion on Market Risk Factors.