Our business and operations entail a variety of risks and
 uncertainties, including those described below.

 We
 may not be able to respond successfully to consumer trends
 related to carbonated and
 non-carbonated
 beverages.

 Consumer trends with respect to the products we sell are subject
 to change. Consumers are seeking increased variety in their
 beverages, and there is a growing interest among the public
 regarding the ingredients in our products, the attributes of
 those ingredients and health and wellness issues generally. This
 interest has resulted in a decline in consumer demand for
 carbonated soft drinks and an increase in consumer demand for
 products associated with health and wellness, such as water,
 enhanced water, teas and certain other non-carbonated beverages.
 Consumer preferences may change due to a variety of other
 factors, including the aging of the general population, changes
 in social trends, the real or perceived impact the manufacturing
 of our products has on the environment, changes in consumer
 demographics, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity
 patterns or a downturn in economic conditions. Any of these
 changes may reduce consumers’ demand for our products. For
 example, the recent downturn in economic conditions has
 adversely impacted sales of certain of our higher margin
 products, including our products sold for immediate consumption
 in restaurants.

 Because we rely mainly on PepsiCo to provide us with the
 products we sell, if PepsiCo fails to develop innovative
 products and packaging that respond to consumer trends, we could
 be put at a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace and our
 business and financial results could be adversely affected. In
 addition, PepsiCo is under no obligation to provide us
 distribution rights to all of its products in all of the
 channels in which we operate. If we are unable to enter into
 agreements with PepsiCo to distribute innovative products in all
 of these channels or otherwise gain broad access to products
 that respond to consumer trends, we could be put at a
 competitive disadvantage in the marketplace and our business and
 financial results could be adversely affected.

 We
 may not be able to respond successfully to the demands of our
 largest customers.

 Our retail customers are consolidating, leaving fewer customers
 with greater overall purchasing power and, consequently, greater
 influence over our pricing, promotions and distribution methods.
 Because we do not operate in all markets in which these
 customers operate, we must rely on PepsiCo and other Pepsi
 bottlers to service such customers outside of our markets. The
 inability of PepsiCo or Pepsi bottlers as a whole, to meet the
 product, packaging and service demands of our largest customers
 could lead to a loss or decrease in business from such customers
 and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
 results.

 Our
 business requires a significant supply of raw materials and
 energy, the limited availability or increased costs of which
 could adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 The production and distribution of our beverage products is
 highly dependent on certain ingredients, packaging materials,
 other raw materials, and energy. To produce our products, we
 require significant amounts of ingredients, such as beverage
 concentrate and high fructose corn syrup, as well as access to
 significant amounts of water. We also require significant
 amounts of packaging materials, such as aluminum and plastic
 bottle components, such as resin (a petroleum-based product). In
 addition, we use a significant amount of electricity, natural
 gas, motor fuel and other energy sources to operate our fleet of
 trucks and our bottling plants.

 If the suppliers of our ingredients, packaging materials, other
 raw materials or energy are impacted by an increased demand for
 their products, business

 8

Table of Contents

 downturn, weather conditions (including those related to climate
 change), natural disasters, governmental regulation, terrorism,
 strikes or other events, and we are not able to effectively
 obtain the products from another supplier, we could incur an
 interruption in the supply of such products or increased costs
 of such products. Any sustained interruption in the supply of
 our ingredients, packaging materials, other raw materials or
 energy, or increased costs thereof, could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and financial results.

 The prices of some of our ingredients, packaging materials,
 other raw materials and energy, including high fructose corn
 syrup and motor fuel, are experiencing unprecedented volatility,
 which can unpredictably and substantially increase our costs. We
 have implemented a hedging strategy to better predict our costs
 of some of these products. In a volatile market, however, such
 strategy includes a risk that, during a particular period of
 time, market prices fall below our hedged price and we pay
 higher than market prices for certain products. As a result,
 under certain circumstances, our hedging strategy may increase
 our overall costs.

 If there is a significant or sustained increase in the costs of
 our ingredients, packaging materials, other raw materials or
 energy, and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our
 customers in the form of higher prices, there could be a
 material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

 Changes
 in the legal and regulatory environment, including those related
 to climate change, could increase our costs or liabilities or
 impact the sale of our products.

 Our operations and properties are subject to regulation by
 various federal, state and local governmental entities and
 agencies as well as foreign governmental entities. Such
 regulations relate to, among other things, food and drug laws,
 competition laws, labor laws, taxation requirements (including
 soft drink or similar excise taxes), bottle and can legislation
 (see above under “Governmental Regulation Applicable
 to PBG”), accounting standards and environmental laws.

 There is also a growing consensus that emissions of greenhouse
 gases are linked to global climate change, which may result in
 more regional, federal
 and/or
 global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate
 the effects of greenhouse gases. Until any such requirements
 come into effect, it is difficult to predict their impact on our
 business or financial results, including any impact on our
 supply chain costs. In the interim, we are working to improve
 our systems to record baseline data and monitor our greenhouse
 gas emissions and, during the process of developing our business
 strategies, we consider the impact our plans may have on the
 environment.

 We cannot assure you that we have been or will at all times be
 in compliance with all regulatory requirements or that we will
 not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with
 existing or new regulatory requirements, including those related
 to climate change.

 PepsiCo’s
 equity ownership of PBG could affect matters concerning
 us.

 As of January 23, 2009, PepsiCo owned approximately 40.2%
 of the combined voting power of our voting stock (with the
 balance owned by the public). PepsiCo will be able to
 significantly affect the outcome of PBG’s shareholder
 votes, thereby affecting matters concerning us.

 Because
 we depend upon PepsiCo to provide us with concentrate, certain
 funding and various services, changes in our relationship with
 PepsiCo could adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 We conduct our business primarily under beverage agreements with
 PepsiCo. If our beverage agreements with PepsiCo are terminated
 for any reason, it would have a material adverse effect on our
 business and financial results. These agreements provide that we
 must purchase all of the concentrate for such beverages at
 prices and on other terms which are set by PepsiCo in its sole
 discretion. Any significant concentrate price increases could
 materially affect our business and financial results.

 PepsiCo has also traditionally provided bottler incentives and
 funding to its bottling operations. PepsiCo does not have to
 maintain or continue these incentives or funding. Termination or
 decreases in bottler incentives or funding levels could
 materially affect our business and financial results.

 Under our shared services agreement, we obtain various services
 from PepsiCo, including procurement of raw materials and certain
 administrative services. If any of the services under the shared
 services agreement were terminated, we would have to obtain such
 services on our own. This could result in a disruption of such
 services, and we might not be able to obtain these services on
 terms, including cost, that are as favorable as those we receive
 through PepsiCo.

 We
 may have potential conflicts of interest with PepsiCo, which
 could result in PepsiCo’s objectives being favored over our
 objectives.

 Our past and ongoing relationship with PepsiCo could give rise
 to conflicts of interests. In addition, two members of our Board
 of Directors are executive officers of PepsiCo, and one of the
 three Managing Directors of Bottling LLC, our principal
 operating subsidiary, is an officer of PepsiCo, a situation
 which may create conflicts of interest.

 These potential conflicts include balancing the objectives of
 increasing sales volume of PepsiCo beverages and maintaining or
 increasing our profitability. Other possible conflicts could
 relate to the nature, quality and pricing of services or
 products provided to us by PepsiCo or by us to PepsiCo.

 Conflicts could also arise in the context of our potential
 acquisition of bottling territories
 and/or
 assets from PepsiCo or other independent Pepsi bottlers. Under
 our Master Bottling Agreement with PepsiCo, we must obtain
 PepsiCo’s approval to acquire any independent Pepsi
 bottler. PepsiCo has agreed not to withhold approval for any
 acquisition within

agreed-upon
 U.S. territories if we have successfully negotiated the
 acquisition and, in PepsiCo’s reasonable judgment,
 satisfactorily performed our obligations under the Master
 Bottling Agreement. We have agreed not to attempt to acquire any
 independent Pepsi bottler outside of those

agreed-upon
 territories without PepsiCo’s prior written approval.

 9

Table of Contents

 PART
 I

(continued)

 Our
 acquisition strategy may be limited by our ability to
 successfully integrate acquired businesses into ours or our
 failure to realize our expected return on acquired
 businesses.

 We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of bottling assets
 and territories from PepsiCo’s independent bottlers. The
 success of our acquisition strategy may be limited because of
 unforeseen costs and complexities. We may not be able to
 acquire, integrate successfully or manage profitably additional
 businesses without substantial costs, delays or other
 difficulties. Unforeseen costs and complexities may also prevent
 us from realizing our expected rate of return on an acquired
 business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse
 effect on our business and financial results.

 We
 may not be able to compete successfully within the highly
 competitive carbonated and non-carbonated beverage
 markets.

 The carbonated and non-carbonated beverage markets are highly
 competitive. Competitive pressures in our markets could cause us
 to reduce prices or forego price increases required to off-set
 increased costs of raw materials and fuel, increase capital and
 other expenditures, or lose market share, any of which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
 results.

 If
 we are unable to fund our substantial capital requirements, it
 could cause us to reduce our planned capital expenditures and
 could result in a material adverse effect on our business and
 financial results.

 We require substantial capital expenditures to implement our
 business plans. If we do not have sufficient funds or if we are
 unable to obtain financing in the amounts desired or on
 acceptable terms, we may have to reduce our planned capital
 expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and financial results.

 The
 level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial
 health.

 The level of our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a
 substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments
 on our debt. This could limit our flexibility in planning for,
 or reacting to, changes in our business and place us at a
 competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less
 debt. Our indebtedness also exposes us to interest rate
 fluctuations, because the interest on some of our indebtedness
 is at variable rates, and makes us vulnerable to general adverse
 economic and industry conditions. All of the above could make it
 more difficult for us, or make us unable to satisfy our
 obligations with respect to all or a portion of such
 indebtedness and could limit our ability to obtain additional
 financing for future working capital expenditures, strategic
 acquisitions and other general corporate requirements.

 We
 are unable to predict the impact of the recent downturn in the
 credit markets and the resulting costs or constraints in
 obtaining financing on our business and financial
 results.

 Our principal sources of cash come from our operating activities
 and the issuance of debt and bank borrowings. The recent and
 extraordinary disruption in the credit markets has had a
 significant adverse impact on a number of financial institutions
 and has affected the cost of capital available to us. At this
 point in time, our liquidity has not been materially impacted by
 the current credit environment and management does not expect
 that it will be materially impacted in the near future. We will
 continue to closely monitor our liquidity and the credit
 markets. The recent economic downturn has also had an adverse
 impact on some of our customers and suppliers. We will continue
 to closely monitor the credit worthiness of our customers and
 suppliers and adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts, as
 appropriate. We cannot predict with any certainty the impact to
 us of any further disruption in the credit environment or any
 resulting material impact on our liquidity, future financing
 costs or financial results.

 Our
 foreign operations are subject to social, political and economic
 risks and may be adversely affected by foreign currency
 fluctuations.

 In the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, approximately
 34% of our net revenues were generated in territories outside
 the United States. Social, economic and political developments
 in our international markets (including Russia, Mexico, Canada,
 Spain, Turkey and Greece) may adversely affect our business and
 financial results. These developments may lead to new product
 pricing, tax or other policies and monetary fluctuations that
 may adversely impact our business and financial results. The
 overall risks to our international businesses also include
 changes in foreign governmental policies. In addition, we are
 expanding our investment and sales and marketing efforts in
 certain emerging markets, such as Russia. Expanding our business
 into emerging markets may present additional risks beyond those
 associated with more developed international markets. For
 example, Russia has been a significant source of our profit
 growth, but is now experiencing an economic downturn, which if
 sustained may have a material adverse impact on our business and
 financial results. Additionally, our cost of goods, our results
 of operations and the value of our foreign assets are affected
 by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For example,
 the recent weakening of foreign currencies negatively impacted
 our earnings in 2008 compared with the prior year.

 If
 we are unable to maintain brand image and product quality, or if
 we encounter other product issues such as product recalls, our
 business may suffer.

 Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to our
 success. If we fail to maintain high standards for product
 quality, or if we fail to maintain high ethical, social and
 environmental standards for all of our operations and
 activities, our reputation could be jeopardized. In addition, we
 may be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes
 injury or illness, and we may be required to recall products if
 they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. A
 significant product liability or other product-related legal
 judgment against us or a widespread recall of our products could
 have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
 results.

 10

Table of Contents

 Our
 success depends on key members of our management, the loss of
 whom could disrupt our business operations.

 Our success depends largely on the efforts and abilities of key
 management employees. Key management employees are not parties
 to employment agreements with us. The loss of the services of
 key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and financial results.

 If
 we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on
 satisfactory terms, or if we experience strikes, work stoppages
 or labor unrest, our business may suffer.

 Approximately 31% of our U.S. and Canadian employees are
 covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements
 generally expire at various dates over the next five years. Our
 inability to successfully renegotiate these agreements could
 cause work stoppages and interruptions, which may adversely
 impact our operating results. The terms and conditions of
 existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase our
 costs or otherwise affect our ability to increase our
 operational efficiency.

 Benefits
 cost increases could reduce our profitability or cash
 flow.

 Our profitability and cash flow is substantially affected by the
 costs of pension, postretirement medical and employee medical
 and other benefits. Recently, these costs have increased
 significantly due to factors such as declines in investment
 returns on pension assets, changes in discount rates used to
 calculate pension and related liabilities, and increases in
 health care costs. Although we actively seek to control
 increases, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in
 limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in
 these costs could have a material adverse affect on our business
 and financial performance.

 Our
 failure to effectively manage our information technology
 infrastructure could disrupt our operations and negatively
 impact our business.

 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit,
 store and protect electronic information. Additionally, a
 significant portion of the communications between our personnel,
 customers, and suppliers depends on information technology. If
 we do not effectively manage our information technology
 infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors,
 processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business
 disruptions and data security breaches.

 Adverse
 weather conditions could reduce the demand for our
 products.

 Demand for our products is influenced to some extent by the
 weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Weather
 conditions in these markets, such as unseasonably cool
 temperatures, could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 volume and financial results.

 Catastrophic
 events in the markets in which we operate could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition.

 Natural disasters, terrorism, pandemic, strikes or other
 catastrophic events could impair our ability to manufacture or
 sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate
 the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to manage
 such events effectively if they occur, could adversely affect
 our sales volume, cost of raw materials, earnings and financial
 results.