Our business and operations entail a variety of risks and uncertainties, including those described below.

We may not be able to respond successfully to consumer trends related to carbonated and non-carbonated beverages.

     Consumers are seeking increased variety in their beverages, and there is a growing interest
among the public regarding health and wellness issues. This interest has resulted in a decline in
consumer demand for full-calorie carbonated soft drinks and an increase in consumer demand for
products associated with health and wellness, such as water, reduced calorie carbonated soft drinks
and certain non-carbonated beverages. Because we rely mainly on PepsiCo to provide us with the
products that we sell, if PepsiCo fails to develop innovative products that respond to these and
other consumer trends, we could be put at a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace and our
business and financial results could be adversely affected.

We may not be able to respond successfully to the demands of our largest customers.

     Our retail customers are consolidating, leaving fewer customers with greater overall
purchasing power. Because we do not operate in all markets in which these customers operate, we
must rely on PepsiCo and other PepsiCo bottlers to service such customers outside of our markets.
Our inability, or the inability of PepsiCo and PepsiCo bottlers as a whole, to meet the product,
packaging and service demands of our largest customers could lead to a loss or decrease in business
from such customers and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

We may not be able to compete successfully within the highly competitive carbonated and non-carbonated beverage markets.

     The carbonated and non-carbonated beverage markets are both highly competitive. Competitive
pressures in our markets could cause us to reduce prices or forego price increases required to
off-set increased costs of raw materials and fuel, increase capital and other expenditures, or lose
market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.

Because we depend upon PepsiCo to provide us with concentrate, certain funding and various
services, changes in our relationship with PepsiCo could adversely affect our business and
financial results.

     We conduct our business primarily under beverage agreements with PepsiCo. If our beverage
agreements with PepsiCo are terminated for any reason, it would have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial results. These agreements provide that we must purchase all of the
concentrate for such beverages at prices and on other terms which are set by PepsiCo in its sole
discretion. Any significant concentrate price increases could materially affect our business and
financial results.

     PepsiCo has also traditionally provided bottler incentives and funding to its bottling
operations. PepsiCo does not have to maintain or continue these incentives or funding.
Termination or decreases in bottler incentives or funding levels could materially affect our
business and financial results.

     Under our shared services agreement, we obtain various services from PepsiCo, including
procurement of raw materials and certain administrative services. If any of the services under the
shared services agreement was terminated, we would have to obtain such services on our own. This
could result in a disruption of such services, and we might not be able to obtain these services on
terms, including cost, that are as favorable as those we receive through PepsiCo.

Our business requires a significant supply of raw materials and energy, the limited availability or
increased costs of which could adversely affect our business and financial results.

     The production and distribution of our beverage products is highly dependent on certain raw
materials and energy. In particular, we require significant amounts of aluminum and plastic bottle
components, such as resin. We also require access to significant amounts of water. In addition, we
use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate our fleet
of trucks and our bottling plants. Any sustained interruption in the supply of raw materials or
energy or any significant increase in their prices could have a material adverse effect on our
business and financial results.

8

Table of Contents

PepsiCo’s equity ownership of PBG could affect matters concerning us.

     As of January 26, 2007, PepsiCo owned approximately 44.4% of the combined voting power of our
voting stock (with the balance owned by the public). PepsiCo will be able to significantly affect
the outcome of PBG’s shareholder votes, thereby affecting matters concerning us.

We may have potential conflicts of interest with PepsiCo, which could result in PepsiCo’s
objectives being favored over our objectives.

     Our past and ongoing relationship with PepsiCo could give rise to conflicts of interests. In
addition, two members of our Board of Directors and one of the three Managing Directors of Bottling
LLC, our primary operating subsidiary, are Senior Vice Presidents of PepsiCo, a situation which may
create conflicts of interest.

     These potential conflicts include balancing the objectives of increasing sales volume of
PepsiCo beverages and maintaining or increasing our profitability. Other possible conflicts could
relate to the nature, quality and pricing of services or products provided to us by PepsiCo or by
us to PepsiCo.

     Conflicts could also arise in the context of our potential acquisition of bottling territories
and/or assets from PepsiCo or other independent PepsiCo bottlers. Under our Master Bottling
Agreement, we must obtain PepsiCo’s approval to acquire any independent PepsiCo bottler. PepsiCo
has agreed not to withhold approval for any acquisition within agreed-upon U.S. territories if we
have successfully negotiated the acquisition and, in PepsiCo’s reasonable judgment, satisfactorily
performed our obligations under the master bottling agreement. We have agreed not to attempt to
acquire any independent PepsiCo bottler outside of those agreed-upon territories without PepsiCo’s
prior written approval.

Our acquisition strategy may be limited by our ability to successfully integrate acquired
businesses into ours or our failure to realize our expected return on acquired businesses.

     We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of bottling assets and territories from PepsiCo’s
independent bottlers. The success of our acquisition strategy may be limited because of unforeseen
costs and complexities. We may not be able to acquire, integrate successfully or manage profitably
additional businesses without substantial costs, delays or other difficulties. Unforeseen costs
and complexities may also prevent us from realizing our expected rate of return on an acquired
business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.

Our success depends on key members of our management, the loss of whom could disrupt our business
operations.

     Our success depends largely on the efforts and abilities of key management employees. Key
management employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. The loss of the services of
key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

If we are unable to fund our substantial capital requirements, it could cause us to reduce our
planned capital expenditures and could result in a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.

     We require substantial capital expenditures to implement our business plans. If we do not
have sufficient funds or if we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts desired or on
acceptable terms, we may have to reduce our planned capital expenditures, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health.

     We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which requires us to dedicate a substantial
portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt. This could limit our flexibility
in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and place us at a competitive disadvantage
compared to competitors that have less debt. Our indebtedness also exposes us to interest rate
fluctuations, because the interest on some of our indebtedness is at variable rates, and makes us
vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions. All of the above could make it
more difficult for us, or make us unable to satisfy our obligations with respect to all or a
portion of such indebtedness and could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for future
working capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and other general corporate requirements.

Our foreign operations are subject to social, political and economic risks and may be adversely
affected by foreign currency fluctuations.

     In the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006, approximately 30% of our net revenues were
generated in territories outside the United States. Social, economic and political conditions in
our international markets may adversely affect our

9

Table of Contents

business and financial results. The overall risks to our international businesses include
changes in foreign governmental policies and other political or economic developments. These
developments may lead to new product pricing, tax or other policies and monetary fluctuations that
may adversely impact our business and financial results. In addition, our results of operations
and the value of our foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates.

If we are unable to maintain brand image and product quality, or if we encounter other product
issues such as product recalls, our business may suffer.

     Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to our success. If we fail to maintain
high standards for product quality, or if we fail to maintain high ethical, social and
environmental standards for all of our operations and activities, our reputation could be
jeopardized. In addition, we may be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
or illness, and we may be required to recall products if they become contaminated or are damaged or
mislabeled. A significant product liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or
a widespread recall of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.

Newly adopted governmental regulations could increase our costs or liabilities or impact the sale
of our products.

     Our operations and properties are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local
governmental entities and agencies as well as foreign governmental entities. Such regulations
relate to, among other things, food and drug laws, environmental laws, competition laws, taxes, and
accounting standards. We cannot assure you that we have been or will at all times be in compliance
with all regulatory requirements or that we will not incur material costs or liabilities in
connection with existing or new regulatory requirements.

Adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products.

     Demand for our products is influenced to some extent by the weather conditions in the markets
in which we operate. Unseasonably cool temperatures in these markets could have a material adverse
effect on our sales volume and financial results.

Catastrophic events in the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition.

     Natural disasters, terrorism, pandemic, strikes or other catastrophic events could impair our
ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the
likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to manage such events effectively if they occur,
could adversely affect our sales volume, cost of raw materials, earnings and financial results.