In addition to
the disclosures and other information discussed in this report, the following
 should be considered in evaluating our business. We work to manage
and mitigate these risks proactively, including through the use of an
enterprise risk management program. Nevertheless, the following risks, some of
which may be beyond our control, could materially impact our businesses, our
brand and reputation, financial condition and results of operations and may
cause future results to be materially different than our current expectations:

Our
revenue and profitability could be adversely affected by changes in postal
regulations and processes.

The majority of
our revenue is directly or indirectly subject to regulation and oversight by
postal authorities worldwide. We depend on a healthy postal sector in the
geographic markets where we do business, which could be influenced positively
or negatively by legislative or regulatory changes in those countries. Our
profitability and revenue in a particular country could be affected by adverse
changes in postal regulations, the business processes and practices of
individual posts, the decision of a post to enter into particular markets in
direct competition with us, and the impact of any of these changes on postal
competitors that do not use our products or services. These changes could
affect product specifications, service offerings, customer behavior and the
overall mailing industry. 

An accelerated decline in physical mail volumes could have an
increasingly adverse effect on our revenues and profitability as we transition
to more digital offerings and other services.

An accelerated
decline in physical mail volumes could adversely affect our business. An
accelerated or sudden decline in physical mail volumes could result from, among
other things, changes in our customers’ communication behavior, including
changes in communications technologies; government actions such as executive
orders, legislation or regulations that mandate electronic substitution,
prohibit certain types of mailings, increase the difficulty of using
information or materials in the mail, or impose higher taxes or fees on mailing
or postal services; and unexpected events such as the
transmission of biological or chemical agents, or acts of terrorism

Customer usage of postal services to send
physical mail continues to decline and has had an adverse effect on our
revenues and profitability. We do not expect total mail volumes to rebound to
prior peak levels. Factors underlying this trend include, among other things,
increasing familiarity and comfort with the Internet, expansion of mobile
internet access and the growing trend by businesses to incent or require their
customers to use alternatives to mail for payments and statement presentment.
We have introduced various product and service offerings as alternatives to
physical mail; however, there is no guarantee that these product and services
offerings will be widely accepted in the marketplace; and if accepted, they
will face competition from existing and emerging alternative products and
services. 

We
depend on third-party suppliers and outsource providers and our business could
 be adversely affected if we fail to manage these constituents effectively.

We depend on
third-party suppliers and outsource providers for a variety of services, components,
 supplies and a large portion of our product manufacturing and we outsource
 a number of our non-core functions and operations. In certain instances,
 we rely on single sourced or limited sourced suppliers and outsourcing vendors
 around the world because the relationship is advantageous due to quality,
 price, or lack of alternative sources. If production or service was interrupted
 and we were not able to find alternate third-party suppliers, we could experience
 disruptions in manufacturing and operations including product shortages,
 higher freight costs and re-engineering costs. If outsourcing services are
 interrupted or not performed or the performance is poor, this could impact
 our ability to process, record and report transactions with our customers
 and other constituents. Such interruptions in the provision of supplies and/or
 services could result in our inability to meet customer demand, damage our reputation and
 customer relationships and adversely affect our business.

Market deteriorations and credit
downgrades could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins,
liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. 

We provide
financing services to our customers for equipment, postage, and supplies. Our
ability to provide these services is largely dependent upon our continued
access to the U.S. capital markets. An additional source of liquidity consists
of deposits held in our wholly owned industrial loan corporation, The Pitney
Bowes Bank (the Bank). A significant credit ratings downgrade, material capital
market disruptions, significant withdrawals by depositors at the Bank, or
adverse changes to our industrial loan charter could impact our ability to
maintain adequate liquidity and impact our ability to provide competitive
offerings to our customers. 

We have a
commercial paper program that is an important source of liquidity for us. While
we continue to have unencumbered access to the commercial paper markets, there
can be no assurance that such markets will continue to be a reliable source of
short-term financing for us. If market conditions deteriorate, there can be no
assurance that other funding sources would be available or 

5

sufficient,
and those funding sources that may be available could result in a significantly
higher cost of borrowing and adversely impact our results of operations.

Failure
to comply with privacy laws and other related regulations could subject us to
significant liability and damage our reputation. 

Several of our
services and financing businesses use, process and store customer information
that could include confidential, personal or financial information. We also
provide third-party benefits administrators with access to our employees’
personal information. Privacy laws and similar regulations in many
jurisdictions where we do business, as well as contractual provisions, require
that we and our benefits administrators take significant steps to safeguard
this information. These laws are continuing to evolve. We, and our third-party
benefits administrators, have security systems and procedures in place that are
designed to protect against unauthorized access to such information; however,
there is no guarantee that experienced computer programmers or hackers will not
be able to gain access to ours, our third-party benefits administrators,
security systems and misappropriate confidential information. Any significant
violations of data privacy or failure to comply with any of these laws,
regulations or contract provisions could damage our reputation and business and
subject us to significant remediation costs and/or liability.

A
disruption of our information technology systems could adversely impact our operating
results.

Our portfolio of
product, service and financing solutions is dependent on reliable information
technology systems. We maintain secure systems to collect revenue for certain
postal services, which is critical to enable both our systems and the postal
systems to run reliably. The continuous and uninterrupted performance of our
systems is critical to our ability to support and service our customers and to
support postal services. We have disaster recovery plans in place to protect
our business operations in the case of adverse acts of nature, security
breaches, power or communications failures, computer viruses, vandalism and
other unexpected events. Despite our preparations, our disaster recovery plans
may not be completely successful and we could be prevented from fulfilling
orders and servicing customers and postal services, which could have an adverse
effect on our reputation and business.

Our
inability to obtain and protect our intellectual property and defend against
claims of infringement by others may negatively impact our operating results. 

We do not
believe our businesses are materially dependent on any one patent or license or
group of patents or licenses. However, we rely on copyright, trade secret,
patent and other intellectual property laws in the United States and similar
laws in other countries to establish and protect proprietary rights that are
important to our business. If we fail to enforce our intellectual property
rights, our businesses may suffer. We, or our suppliers, may be subject to
third-party claims of infringement on intellectual property rights. These
claims, if successful, may require us to redesign affected products, enter into
costly settlement or license agreements, pay damage awards, or face a temporary
or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our
products. 

If we fail to comply with government
contracting regulations, our operating results, brand name and reputation could
suffer.

Many of our
contracts are with governmental entities. Government contracts are subject to
extensive and complex government procurement laws and regulations, along with
regular audits of contract pricing and our business practices by government
agencies. If we are found to have violated some provisions of the government
contracts, we could be required to provide a refund, pay significant damages,
or be subject to contract cancellation, civil or criminal penalties, fines, or
debarment from doing business with the government. Any of these events could
not only affect us financially but also adversely affect our brand and
reputation.