PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results 
can be affected 
by many factors
, including estimates and assumptions used in the critical accounting policies described in MD&A,
 that
 can 
cause 
their actual financial 
results to differ 
materially 
from historical results or from 
anticipated future financial 
results
.

T
he 
following discussion of key 
 should be considered in evaluating an investment in PG&E Corporation and the Utility
 and 
should be read in conjunction with 
MD&A 
and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K
.  
Any of these 
factors
, in whole or in part, 
could 
materially 
affect 
PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s business, 
results of operations
, financial condition, a
nd 
stock price. 

Risks Related

to the Outcome of Enforcement Matters, Investigations, and Regulatory Proceedings

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial results may be materially affected by the outcome of the federal criminal prosecution of the Utility.  

As discussed in MD&A, the

Utility is facing federal criminal charges alleging that
 the Utility knowingly and willfully violated minimum safety standards under the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act 
and alleging t
hat the Utility illegally obstructed the NTSB’s investigation into the cause of the San Bruno accident
 that occurred on September 9, 2010
.  The maximum statutory fine for each felony count is $500,000, for 
potential 
total fines of $
6.5
 million.  The 
federal prosecutor 
also seeks 
to impose 
an alternative fine
 which

could total 
approximately $
562 m
illion
, b
ased on allegations that the Utility derived gross gains of approximately $281 million
.  
The trial 
currently 
is scheduled to begin
 on
 March 
22
, 2016. 

PG&E Corporation and the Utility 
have not recorded any charges for potential criminal fines in their consolidated f
inancial
 statements at December 31, 2015.  If the Utility is convicted and a fine is imposed, 
PG&E Corporation and the Utility
 will record charges when required in accordance with GAAP.  The Utility also could incur material costs, not recoverable through rates, to implement remedial measures that may be imposed by the court,

such as a requirement that the

Utility’s natural gas operations be supervised by a third-party monitor
. 
The Utility could also be suspended or debarred from entering into federal procurement and non-procurement contracts and programs.

If the Utility incurred material fines or costs following a conviction, PG&E Corporation may need to issue common stock to raise funds to contribute to the Utility to maintain the required equity component of the Utility’s authorized capital structure as the Utility incur charges and costs.  These issuances would be incremental to PG&E Corporation’s current forecast of common stock issuances and could materially dilute PG&E Corporation’s EPS.  The trial and any negative publicity associated with it, as well as the Utility’s conviction and the imposition of a material fine, if incurred, also could affect the Utility’s and PG&E Corporation’s credit ratings or outlooks and make it more difficult for PG&E Corporation and the Utility to access the capital markets.

The trial and the Utility’s conviction could harm the Utility’s relationships with regulators, legislators, communities, business partners, or other constituencies and make it more difficult to recruit qualified personnel and senior 
management.  Further, 
they could 
negatively affect the outcome of 
future 
ratemaking and regulatory proceedings
;

for example, by enabling parties to challenge the Utility’s request to recover costs that the parties allege are somehow related to the criminal charges
.

In addition, the Utility’s conviction could result in increased regulatory or legislative pressure to require the separation of the Utility’s electric and natural gas businesses, restructure the corporate relationship between PG&E Corporation and the Utility, or undergo some other fundamental corporate restructuring.  As discussed under the heading “Regulatory Matters”

in MD&A, the SED will 
evaluate PG&E Corporation’s and

the Utility’s 
organizational structure in the CPUC’s pending investigation to examine the Utility’s safety culture.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial results may be materially affected by the outcome
s
 of 
the CPUC’s investigative enforcement proceedings against the Utility, other known enforcement matters, and other ongoing state and federal investigations.  The Utility also could incur material costs and fines in connection with future investigations, citations, audits, or enforcement actions. 

The Utility could incur material charges, including fines and other penalties, in connection with the CPUC’s investigation
s
 of the Utility’s compliance with natural gas distribution record-keeping practices
 and th
e 
Utility’s compliance with the CPUC’s rules 
regarding ex parte communications
.  In addition, there are several other investigations by f
ederal and state law enforcement authorities
.  The Utility was informed that the U.S. Attorney’s Office was investigating a natural gas explosion that occurred in Carmel, California on March 3, 2014.  The U.S. Attorney’s Office in San Francisco also continues to investigate matters relating to the indicted case discussed above.  Federal and state law enforcement authorities also 
have
 been investigating matters related to allegedly improper communication between the Utility and CPUC personnel.  If these investigations result in 
enforcement action against the Utility, 
the Utility could incur 
additional fines or penalties 
or suffer negative consequences described above in the immediately preceding risk factor
.

In addition
,
 a

negative outcome in 
any of 
these investigations
 or future enforcement actions may negatively 
affe
c
t the outcom
e 
of fut
u
re rat
e
making
 and 
regul
a
to
ry
 proceeding
s; for example, 
by enabling parties to challenge the Utility’s request to recover costs that the parties allege are somehow related to the 
Utility’s violations. 

24

The SED also could impose material fines on the Utility based on 
the 
Utility’s 
self-reports submitted 
in 
accordance with the SED’s safety citation program and the Utility’s efforts to identify and remove encroachments from transmission pipeline rights of way.
  The Penalty Decision r
equires the SED to review the Utility’s gas transmission operations (including 
t
he Utility’s compliance with the remedies ordered by the Penalty Decision) and to perform annual audits of the Utility’s record-keeping practices

for a minimum of ten years. 
T
he 
SED could impose f
ines 
on the Utility or require the Utility to incur unrecoverable costs, or both, based on 
the outcome of the
se future 
audits
. 
In addition, although PG&E Corporation and the Utility do not currently face the possibility of fines or penalties in the first phase of the CPUC’s pending investigation into the Utility’s safety culture since it has been categorized as rate setting, it is uncertain how the next phase will be categorized.  (See the discussion under the heading “Regulatory Matters” in MD&A.)

The Utility could be subject to additional regulatory or governmental enforcement action
 in the future
 with respect to compliance with federal, state or local laws, regulations or orders that could result in additional fines, penalties or customer refunds, 
including those regarding renewable energy and resource adequacy requirements; customer billing; customer service; affiliate transactions; vegetation management; design, construction, operating and maintenance practices; safety and inspection practices; and federal electric reliability standards
.  
The 
SED could impose fines on the Utility in the future in accordance with its authority under the gas and electric safety citation programs.  
The amount of such fines, penalties, or customer refunds could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial results 
could 
be materially affected by the extent to which its natural gas transmission costs exceed authorized revenues
 as the Utility complies with the Penalty Decision a
nd 
incurs other natural gas transmission costs that are unrecoverable or that the Utility has not sought to recover.  

The Utility’s ability to recover its natural gas transmission and storage costs and earn its authorized ROE 
could
 be materially affected by the amount of revenues the CPUC ultimately authorizes the Utility to collect in the 2015 GT&S rate case proceeding and future GT&S rate cases.  (See “R
egulatory

Matters
” in Item 7. MD&A.)  
The Utility 
continues to
 incur material unrecoverable costs to meet the Penalty Decision’s requirement to fund safety-related projects and programs to be identified by the CPUC in the 
2015 
GT&S rate case.  Depending on how the CPUC designates pipeline safety-related projects and programs the Utility is required to fund, and how the Utility’s associated costs are counted toward meeting the $850 million maximum disallowance
 imposed by the Penalty Decision
, the ultimate amount of unrecoverable pipeline-related costs the Utility incurs may be higher than current forecasts.  In addition, the Penalty Decision requires the Utility to implement various remedial measures which the CPUC estimated would cost $50 million.  Actual costs to implement 
the remedies could be higher. 

In addition, the Utility plans to incur unrecoverable costs to continue performing certain work to complete projects under the PSEP and to identify and remove encroachments from gas transmission pipeline rights-of-way.  Actual costs to perform this work could exceed forecasts
.

PG&E
 Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results 
primarily depend on 
the outcomes of  
regulatory and ratemaking proceedings
 and the Utility’s ability to manage its operating expenses 
and capital expenditures 
so that it is able to earn its authorized rate of return in a timely manner. 

As a regulated entity, the Utility’s rates are set by the CPUC or the FERC on a prospective basis and are generally designed to allow the Utility to collect sufficient revenues to recover the costs of providing service, including a return on its capital investments.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected if the CPUC or the FERC does not authorize sufficient revenues for the Utility to safely and reliably serve its customers and earn its authorized ROE.

The outcome of the Utility’s ratemaking proceedings can be affected by many factors, including 
the Utility’s reputation (especially if the Utility is convicted of the federal criminal charges discussed above), 
the level of opposition by intervening parties; potential rate impacts; increasing levels of regulatory review; changes in the political, regulatory, or legislative environments; and the opinions of the Utility’s regulators, consumer and other stakeholder organizations, and customers, about the Utility’s ability to provide safe, reliable, and afford
able electric and gas services.

25

The Utility
 also is required to incur costs to comply with legislative and regulatory requirements and initiatives, such as those relating to the development of a state-wide electric vehicle charging infrastructure, the deployment of distributed energy resources, implementation of demand response and customer energy efficiency programs, energy storage and renewable energy targets, and the construction of the California high-speed rail project.  The Utility’s
 ability to recover costs
, including its investment
s
,
 associated with 
these and other 
legislative and regulatory initiatives

will, in large part, depend on the final form of legislative or regulatory requirements, and whether the associated ratemaking mechanisms can be timely adjusted to reflect changes in customer demand for the Utility’s electricity and natural gas service
s
.

In addition to the amount of authorized revenues, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected if the Utility’s actual costs to safely and reliably serve its customers differ from authorized or forecast costs.  The Utility may incur additional costs for many reasons including changing market circumstances, unanticipated events (such as storms, accidents, catastrophic or other events affecting the Utility’s operations), or compliance with new state laws or policies.  Although the Utility may be allowed to recover some or all of the additional costs, there may be a substantial time lag between when the Utility incurs the costs and when the Utility is authorized to collect revenues to recover such costs.  Alternatively, the CPUC or the FERC may disallow costs that they determine were not reasonably or prudently incurred by the Utility.

The Utility’s ability to recover its costs also may be affected by the economy and 
its 
impact on the Utility’s customers.  
For example, 
a sustained downturn or sluggishness in the economy could reduce the Utility’s sales to industrial and commercial customers or the level of uncollectible bills could increase.  Although the Utility generally recovers its costs through rates, regardless of sales volume, rate pressures increase when the costs are borne by a smaller sales base.  

Changes in commodity prices also may have an adverse effect on the Utility’s ability to timely recover its operating costs and earn its authorized ROE.

 Although the Utility generally recovers its electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers as “pass-through” costs, a significant and sustained rise in commodity prices could create overall rate pressures that make it more difficult for the Utility to recover its costs that are not categorized as “pass-through” costs.

To relieve some of this upward rate pressure, the CPUC could authorize lower revenues than the Utility requested or disallow full cost recovery.  

PG&E
 Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial 
results 
depend upon the Utility’s continuing ability to recover “pass-through” costs, including electricity and natural gas procurement costs, from customers  in a timely manner.  The CPUC may disallow procurement costs for a variety of reasons. 
In addition, the Utility’s ability to recover these costs could be affected by the loss of Utility customers and decreased new customer growth
,
 if the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect such events.

The Utility meets customer demand for electricity from a variety of sources, including electricity generated from the Utility’s own generation facilities, electricity provided by third parties under power purchase agreements, and purchases on the wholesale electricity market.

 The Utility must manage these sources using the commercial and CPUC regulatory principles of “least cost dispatch” and prudent administration of power purchase agreements in compliance with its CPUC-approved long-term procurement plan.  The CPUC could disallow procurement costs incurred by the Utility if the CPUC determines that the Utility did not comply with these principles or if the Utility did not comply with its procurement plan.  

Further, the contractual prices for electricity under the Utility’s 
current or future 
power purchase agreements could become uneconomic in the future for a variety of reasons, including developments in alternative energy technology, increased self-generation by customers, an increase in distributed generation, and lower customer demand due to adverse economic conditions or the loss of the Utility’s customers to other 
retail
 providers.

In particular, the Utility will incur additional costs to procure renewable energy to meet the higher targets established by California SB 350 that became effective on January 1, 2016.  
Despite 
the 
CPUC
’s current
 approval of the contracts, the CPUC could disallow contract costs 
in the future 
if it determines that the costs are unreasonably above market.  

The Utility’s ability to recover the costs it incurs in the wholesale electricity market may be affected by the whether the 
CAISO 
wholesale electricity market continues to function effectively.  
Although market mechanisms are designed to limit excessive prices, these market mechanisms could fail, or the related systems and software on which the market mechanisms rely may not perform as intended which could result in excessive market prices. 

The CPUC could prohibit the Utility from passing through the higher costs of electricity to customers.  For example, during the 2000 and 2001 energy crisis, the market mechanism flaws in California’s then-newly established wholesale electricity market led to dramatically high market prices for electricity that the Utility was unable to recover through customer rates, ultimately causing the Utility to file a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

26

Further, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be affected by the loss of Utility customers and decreased new customer growth that occurs through municipalization of the Utility’s facilities, an increase in the number of CCAs who provide electricity to their residents, and an increase in the number of consumers who become direct access customers of alternative generation providers.  (See “Competition in the Electric
ity
 Industry” in Item 1.)  As the number of bundled customers (i.e., those primarily residential customers who receive electricity and distribution service from the Utility) declines, the rates for remaining customers could increase as the Utility would have a smaller customer base from which to recover 
certain
 procurement costs.  
Although the Utility is permitted to collect non-bypassable charges for generation-related costs incurred on behalf of former customers, the charges may not be sufficient for the Utility to fully recover the
se
 costs.  In addition, the Utility’s ability to collect non-bypassable charges has been, and may continue to be, challenged by certain customer groups.  Furthermore, if the former customers return to receiving electricity supply from the Utility, the Utility could incur costs to meet their electricity needs that it may not be able to timely recover through rates or that it may not be able to recover at all. 

In addition, increasing levels of self-generation of electricity by customers (primarily solar installations) and the use of customer net energy metering (“NEM”), which allows self-generating customers to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail rate, puts upward rate pressure on remaining customers.

 In January 2016, the CPUC adopted new NEM rules and rates.

 The new rules and rates are expected t
o become effective for new 
NEM customers 
of the Utility 
later in 2016.

 New NEM customers will be required to pay an interconnection fee, will go on time of use rates, and will be required to pay some non-bypassable charges to help fund some of the costs of low income, energy efficiency, and other programs that other customers pay.

 However, the resulting rules will still put upward rate pressure on remaining customers, and
 remove
 the cap on the number of NEM customers.

 Significantly higher rates for remaining customers may result in a decline of the number of such customers as they may seek alternative energy providers. The CPUC states that it intends to revisit these rules in 2019.

A confluence of technology-related cost declines and sustained federal or state subsidies could make a combination of distributed generation and energy storage a viable, cost-effective alternative to the Utility’s bundled electric service which could further threaten the Utility’s ability to recover its generation, transmission, and distribution investments.  If the number of the Utility’s customers decreases or grows at a slower rate than anticipated, the Utility’s level of capital investment would likely decline as well, in turn leading to a slower growth in rate base and earnings.  Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer migration to other energy providers, adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, increasing levels of distributed generation and self-generation, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.

The CPUC has begun to implement rate reform to allow residential electric rates to more closely reflect the utilities’ actual costs of providing service and decrease cost-subsidization among customer classes.  Many aspects of rate reform are not yet finalized, including time-of-use rates and whether the utilities can impose a fixed charge on certain customers.  I
f the Utility is unable to recover a material portion of its procurement costs and/or if the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of changing loads, the wide deployment of distributed generation, and 
the development of new electricity generation and energy storage technologies
, 
PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected
.  

Risks Related to Liquidity and Capital Requirements

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results will be affected by their ability to continue accessing the capital markets and by the terms of debt and equity financings. 

PG&E Corporation and the Utility will continue to seek funds in the capital and credit markets to enable the Utility to make capital investments, pay fines that may be imposed in the future, and incur costs to 
meet the Penalty Decision’s requirement to 
incur costs of up to $850 million for 
safety-related projects and programs to be identified by the CPUC in the 
2015 
GT&S rate case.  
PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability to access the capital and credit markets and the costs and terms of available financing 
depend primarily on 
PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s credit ratings and outlook.
  Their credit ratings and outlook can be affected by man
y factors, including the outcome
s
 of the 
on-going criminal prosecution, the pending CPUC investigations, 
and ratemaking proceedings.  If PG&E Corporation’s or the Utility’s credit ratings were downgraded to below investment grade, their ability to access the capital and credit markets would be negatively affected and could result in higher borrowing costs, fewer financing options, including reduced
, or lack of,
 access to the commercial paper market, additional collateral posting requirements, which in turn could affect liquidity and lead to an increased financing need.  Other factors can affect the availability and terms of debt and equity financing, including changes in the federal or state regulatory environment affecting energy companies generally or PG&E Corporation and the Utility in particular, the overall health of the energy industry, volatility in electricity or natural gas prices,
 an increase in interest rates by the Federal Reserve Bank,
 and general economic and financial market conditions.

27

The reputations of PG&E Corporation and the Utility continue to suffer from the negative publicity about matters
 discussed under “Enforcement and Litigation Matters” in Item 7. MD&A.
  The negative 
publicity
 and 
the 
uncertainty 
about 
the outcomes of these matters may undermine investors’ confidence in management’s ability to execute its business strategy and restore a constructive regulatory environment.  As a result, investors may be less willing to buy shares of PG&E Corporation common stock resulting in a lower stock price.  Further, the market price of PG&E Corporation common stock could decline materially after the outcomes are determined.  The amount and timing of future share issuances also could affect the stock price.  

If the Utility were unable to access the capital markets, it could be required to decrease or suspend dividends to PG&E Corporation and PG&E Corporation could be required to contribute capital to the Utility to enable the Utility to fulfill its obligation to serve.  To maintain PG&E Corporation’s dividend level in these circumstances, PG&E Corporation would be further required to access the capital or credit markets.  PG&E Corporation may need to decrease or discontinue its common stock dividend if it is unable to access the capital or credit markets on reasonable terms.   

PG&E Corporation’s ability to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the Utility’s earnings and cash flows. 

PG&E Corporation is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Utility must use its resources to satisfy its own obligations, including its obligation to serve customers, to pay principal and interest on outstanding debt, to pay preferred stock dividends, and meet its obligations to employees and creditors, before it can distribute cash to PG&E Corporation.  Under the CPUC’s rules applicable to utility holding companies, the 
Utility’s dividend policy must be established by the Utility's Board of Directors as though the Utility were a stand-alone utility company and PG&E Corporation’s Board of Directors give “first priority” to the Utility’s capital requirements, as determined to be necessary and prudent to meet the Utility’s obligation to serve or to operate the Utility in a prudent and efficient manner.  The CPUC has interpreted this “first priority” obligation to include the requirement that PG&E Corporation “infuse the Utility with all types of capital necessary for the Utility to fulfill its obligation to serve.”  I
n addition, before the Utility can pay common stock dividends to PG&E Corporation, the Utility must maintain its authorized capital structure with an average 52% equity component.  

If the Utility were required to pay a material amount of fines or incur material unrecoverable costs due to a conviction in the on-going criminal prosecution, the pending 
CPUC investigations
, or
 other enforcement matters
, it would require equity contributions from PG&E Corporation to restore its capital structure.  
PG&E Corporation common stock
 issuances used to fund such equity contributions could 
materially dilute EPS
. 
(See “Liquidity and Financial Resources” in Item 7. MD&A.)  Further, if 
PG&E Corporation were required to infuse the Utility with significant capital or if the Utility was unable to distribute cash to PG&E Corporation, or both, PG&E Corporation may be unable to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt, pay its common stock dividend
,
 or meet 
other obligations.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability to pay dividends also could be affected by financial covenants contained in their respective credit agreements that require each company to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ca
pitalization of at most 65%.

Risks Related to Operations and Information Technology

The Utility’s electricity and natural gas 
operations are
 inherently 
hazardous
 and involve significant risks which, if they materialize, can adversely affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results
.  T
he Utility’s insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses caused by an operating failure or catastrophic event.

The Utility owns and operates extensive electricity and natural gas facilities, including two nuclear generation units and an extensive

hydroelectric generating system
.  (See “
Electric Utility Operations
” and “
Natural Gas Utility Operations
” in Item 1. Business.)  The Utility’s ability to earn its authorized ROE depends on its ability to efficiently maintain, operate, and protect its facilities, and provide electricity and natural gas services safely and reliably.  The Utility undertakes substantial capital investment projects to construct, replace, and improve its electricity and natural gas facilities.  In addition, the Utility is obligated to decommission its electricity generation facilities at the end of their useful operating lives.  The Utility’s ability to safely and reliably operate, maintain, construct and decommission its facilities is subject to numerous risks, many of which are beyond the Utility’s control, including those that arise from: 

·

the breakdown or failure of equipment, electric transmission or distribution lines, or natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines, that can cause explosions, fires, or other catastrophic events;

28

·

an overpressure event occurring on natural gas facilities due to e
quipment 
f
ailure
, i
ncorrect
 o
peratin
g procedures or failure to follow correct operating procedure
s
, or we
lding
 or f
abrication-
r
elated 
d
efect
s, that results in the failure of downstream 
transmi
ssion pipelines or distribution 
assets 
and uncontained natural gas flow; 

·

f
ailure to maintain adequate capacity to meet customer demand on the gas system 
that 
result
s
 in customer curtailments, controlled/uncontrolled gas outages, gas surges back into homes, 
serious personal
 injury 
or loss of life;

·

a

prolonged 
statewide electrical black-out 
that 
result
s  in damage to the Utility’s equipment or damage to property owned by customers or other third parties;

·

the failure
 to fully identify, evaluate, and control workplace hazards 
that 
result in serious injury or loss of life for employees or the public, environment
al damage
, or reputational damage;

·

the release of radioactive materials caused by a nuclear accident, seismic activity, natural disaster, or terrorist act
;

·

the failure of a large dam or other major hydroelectric facility, or the failure of one or more levees that protect land on which the Utility’s assets are built;

·

the failure to take expeditious or sufficient action to mitigate operating conditions, facilities, or equipment, that the Utility has identified, or reasonably should have identified, as unsafe, which failure then leads to a catastrophic event
 (such as a wild land fire or natural gas explosion)
, and the failure to respond effectively to a catastrophic event;

·

inadequate emergency preparedness plans and the failure to r
espo
nd effectively to a catastrophic event that can lead to public or employee harm or exte
nded 
outages;

·

severe weather events such as storms, tornadoes, floods, drought, earthquakes, tsunamis, wild land and other fires, pandemics, solar events, electromagnetic events, or other natural disasters;

·

operator or other human error;

·

an ineffective records 
management program 
that results in the 
failure to construct, operate and maintain 
a utility system safely and prudent
ly;

·

construc
tion performed by third parties
 that damage the Utility’s underground 
or overhead 
facilities
, including, for example, ground excavations or “dig-ins” that damage the Utility’s underground pipelines
;

·

the release of hazardous or toxic 
substances into the air,
 water
, or soil, including, for example, gas leaks from natural gas storage facilities
; flaking lead paint from the Utility's facilities, and leaking or spilled insulating fluid from electrical equipment;
 and

·

attacks by third parties, including cyber-attacks
,
 acts of terrorism, vandalism, or war
. 

The occurrence of any of these events could interrupt fuel supplies; affect demand for electricity or natural gas; cause unplanned outages or reduce generating output; damage the Utility’s assets or operations; damage the assets or operations of third parties on which the Utility relies; damage property owned by customers or others; and cause personal injury or death.  As a result, the Utility could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair assets and restore service, 
and 
to compensate third parties
.  In particula
r, the Utility may incur material liability in connection with 
a
 wildfire
 (known as the “Butte fire”) 
that ignited

and spread in Amador and Calaveras 
c
ounties
 i
n Northern California
 in September 2015 depending on the outcome of the investigations into the cause of the fire
. 
If insurance recoveries are unavailable or insufficient to cover such 
costs
, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition or results of operations could be materially affected.  The Utility also could 
incur 
material fines, penalties

or disallowances
, as a result of enforcement actions taken by 
the CPUC
 or other law enforcement agencies
.

Further, although the Utility often enters into agreements for third-party contractors to perform work, such as patrolling and inspection of facilities or the construction or demolition or facilities, the Utility may retain liability for the quality and completion of the contractor’s work and can be subject to penalties or other enforcement action if the contractor violates applicable laws, rules, regulations, or orders.  
The Utility may also be subject to liability, penalties or other enforcement action as a result of personal injury or death caused by third-party contractor actions.  
Insurance, equipment warranties, or other contractual indemnification requirements may not be sufficient or effective to provide full or even partial recovery under all circumstances or against all hazards or liabilities to which the Utility may become subject.  An uninsured loss could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.  Future insurance coverage may not be available at rates and on terms as favorable as the Utility’s current insurance coverage or may not be available at all. 

29

The Utility’s operational and information technology systems could fail to function properly or be damaged by third parties (including cyber-attacks and acts of terrorism), severe weather, natural disasters, or other events. Any of these events could disrupt the Utility’s operations and cause the Utility to incur unanticipated losses and expense or liability to third parties. 

The operation of the Utility’s extensive electricity and natural gas systems rel
ies
 on evolving 
and increasingly complex 
operational 
and information 
technology systems and network infrastructures that are interconnected with the systems and 
network 
infrastructure owned by third parties.  The Utility’s business is highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of tasks and transactions
.
 Despite implementation of security measures, all of the Utility’s technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism and other causes.  The failure of the Utility’s 
operational and 
information 
technology 
systems and networks could significantly disrupt operations; cause harm to the public or employees; result in outages or reduced generating output; damage the Utility’s assets or operations or those of third parties; and subject the Utility to claims by customers or third parties, any of which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results. 

The Utility’s systems, including its financial information, operational systems, advanced metering, and billing systems, require ongoing maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increase the risk of errors and malfunction.

 The Utility often relies on third-party vendors to maintain, modify, and update its systems and these third-party vendors could cease to exist.  Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, the diversion of management’s and employees’ attention and resources, and could negatively affect the Utility’s
 ability to maintain effective financial
 control
s
, and/or the Utility’s ability to timely file required regulatory reports.

The Utility also could be subject to patent infringement claims arising from the use of third-party technology by the Utility or by a third-party vendor.

In addition, the Utility’s information systems contain confidential information, including information about customers and employees.  The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of confidential information can subject the Utility to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject the Utility to claims from third parties, reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm the Utility’s reputation.

The operation and decommissioning of the Utility’s nuclear power plants expose it to potentially significant liabilities and the Utility may not be able to fully recover its costs if regulatory requirements change or the plant ceases operations before the licenses expire
.

The operation of the Utility’s nuclear generation facilities exposes it to potentially significant liabilities from environmental, health and financial risks, such as risks relating to the storage, handling and disposal of spent nuclear fuel, 
and 
the release of radioactive materials caused by a nuclear accident, seismic activity, natural disaster, or terrorist act.

 If the Utility incurs losses that are either not covered by insurance or exceed the amount of insurance available, such losses could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.

 In addition, the Utility may be required under federal law to pay up to $255 million of liabilities arising out of each nuclear incident occurring not only at the Utility’s Diablo Canyon facility but at any other nuclear power plant in the United States.

 (See Note 1
3
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.)

In addition, the Utility continues to face public concern about the safety of nuclear generation and nuclear fuel.

 Some of these nuclear opposition groups regularly file petitions at the NRC and in other forums challenging the actions of the NRC and urging governmental entities to adopt laws or policies in opposition to nuclear power
.

 Although an action in opposition may ultimately fail, regulatory proceedings may take longer to conclude and be more costly to complete. 

It is also possible that public pressure could grow 
leading to adverse 
changes in legislation, regulations, orders, or their interpretation
.  As a result, 
operations at 
the Utility’s two nuclear generation units at 
Diablo Canyon 
could cease 
before the licenses expire
 in 2024 and 2025
.

 In such an instance, the Utility could be required to record a charge for the remaining amount of its unrecovered investment and such charge could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation and the Utility’s financial result
s.

30

The Utility has incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial costs to comply with NRC regulations and orders.

 (See “Regulatory Environment” in Item 1. Business.)

 If the Utility were unable to recover these costs, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.

 The Utility may determine that it cannot comply with the new regulations or orders in a feasible and economic manner and voluntarily cease operations; alternatively, the NRC may order the Utility to cease operations until 
the Utility
 can comply with new regulations, orders, or decisions.

T
he Utility may incur a material charge if it ceases operations at Diablo Canyon before the licenses expire
 in 2024 and 2025
.
  At December 31, 2015, the Utility’s unrecovered investment in Diablo Canyon was $2.3 billion.

A
t the state level, the California Water Board has adopted a policy on once-through cooling that generally requires the installation of cooling towers or other significant measures to reduce the impact on marine life from existing power generation facilities in California by at least 85%.

 If the California Water Board requires the installation of cooling towers that the Utility believes are not technically or economically feasible, the Utility may be forced to cease operations at Diablo Canyon and may incur a material charge.

 Even if the Utility is not required to install cooling towers, it could incur significant costs to comply with alternative compliances measures or to make payments to support various environmental mitigation projects.

Further, the Utility’s leases of coastal land occupied by the water intake and discharge structures for the nuclear generation units at Diablo Canyon expire in 2018 and 2019.  The Utility has requested that the California State Lands Commission renew the leases until 2024 and 2025 when the NRC licenses expire.  The C
alifornia State Lands Commission
 has deferred acting on the application until later in 2016.  It is uncertain what level of environmental review, if any, will be required before the leases can be extended.  If 
the 
leases are not extended or if the Utility determines that it cannot 
comply with 
any new environmental conditions 
in a feasible and economic manner
, then operations at Diablo Canyon would cease and the Utility could incur a material charge
 for the remaining amount of its unrecovered investment.

The Utility also has an obligation to decommission its electricity generation facilities, including its nuclear facilities, as well as gas transmission system assets, at the end of their useful lives.

 (See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Asset Retirement Obligations of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement in Item 8.)

 The CPUC authorizes the Utility to recover its estimated costs to decommission its nuclear facilities through nuclear decommissioning charges that are collected from customers and held in nuclear decommissioning trusts to be used for the eventual decommissioning of each nuclear unit.

 If the Utility’s actual decommissioning costs, including the amounts held in the nuclear decommissioning trusts, exceed estimated costs, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.

Risks Related to Environmental Factors

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and changes in or liabilities under these laws could adversely affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, orders, relating to air quality, water quality and usage, remediation of hazardous wastes, and the protection and conservation of natural resources and wildlife.  The Utility incurs significant capital, operating, and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules, and regulations.  The Utility has been
 in the past
, and may be
 in the future
, required to pay for environmental remediation costs at sites where it is identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws.  Although the Utility has recorded liabilities for known environmental obligations, these costs can be difficult to estimate due to uncertainties about the extent of contamination, remediation alternatives, the applicable remediation levels, and the financial ability of other potentially responsible parties.  (See Note 1
3 of
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for more information.)   

Environmental remediation costs could increase in the future as a result of new legislation, the current trend toward more stringent standards, and stricter and more expansive application of existing environmental regulations.  Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or failure to comply with the terms of licenses or permits issued by environmental or regulatory agencies, could expose the Utility to claims by third parties or the imposition of civil or criminal fines or other sanctions.  

The CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover its environmental remediation costs for certain sites through various ratemaking mechanisms.  One of these mechanisms allows the Utility rate recovery for 90% of its hazardous substance remediation costs for certain approved sites without a reasonableness review. 
The CPUC may discontinue or change these ratemaking mechanisms in the future or the Utility may incur environmental costs that exceed amounts the CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover in rates. 

31

Some of the Utility’s environmental costs, such as the remediation costs associated with the Hinkley natural gas compressor site, are not recoverable through rates 
or insurance
.  (See “Environmental Regulation” in Item 1.) 
The Utility’s costs to remediate groundwater contamination near the Hinkley natural gas compressor site and to abate the effects of the contamination have had, and may continue to have, a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.  Their financial results also can be materially affected by changes in estimated costs and by the extent to which actual remediation costs differ from recorded liabilities. 

The Utility’s future operations may be affected by climate change that may have a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

The Utility has been studying the potential effects of climate change 
(increased temperatures, changing
 precipitation
 patterns
, rising sea levels) on the Utility’s operations and is developing contingency plans to adapt to those events and conditions that the Utility believes are most significant.  Scientists project that climate change will increase electricity demand due to more extreme, persistent and hot weather.  Increasing temperatu
res and changing
 levels of precipitation in the Utility’s service territory would reduce snowpack in the Sierra Mountains.  If the levels of snowpack were reduced, the Utility’s hydroelectric generation would decrease and the Utility would need to acquire additional generation from other sources at a greater cost.

If 
the Utility increase
s

its 
reliance on conventional generation resources to replace hydroelectric generation and to meet increased customer demand, it may become more costly for the Utility to comply with GHG emissions limits.  In addition, increasing temperatures and lower levels of precipitation could increase the occurrence of wildfires in the Utility’s service territory causing damage to the Utility’s facilities or the facilities of third parties on which the Utility relies to provide service
, damage to third parties for loss of property, personal injury, or loss of life
.

In addition, flooding caused by rising sea levels could damage the Utility’s facilities, including hydroelectric assets such as dams and canals, and the electric transmission
 and distribution
 assets.  The Utility could incur substantial costs to repair or replace facilities, restore service, compensate customers and other third parties for damages or injuries. 
The Utility anticipates that the increased costs would be recovered through rates, but as rate pressures increase, the likelihood of disallowance or non-recovery may increase.  

Events or conditions caused by climate change could have a greater impact on the Utility’s operations than the Utility’s studies suggest and could result in lower revenues or increased expenses, or both.  If the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of events or conditions caused by climate change, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected.

Other Risk Factors

The Utility may be required to incur substantial costs in order to obtain or renew licenses and permits needed to operate the Utility’s business and the Utility may be subject to fines and penalties for failure to comply or obtain license renewal. 

The Utility must comply with the terms of various governmental permits, authorizations, and licenses, including those issued by the FERC for the continued operation of the Utility’s hydroelectric generation facilities, and those issued by environmental and other federal, state and local governmental agencies. 
Many of the Utility’s capital investment projects, and some maintenance activities, often require the Utility to obtain land use, construction, environmental, or other governmental permits.  These permits, authorizations, and licenses may be difficult to obtain on a timely basis, causing work delays.  Further, existing permits and licenses could be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued.  In addition, the Utility often seeks periodic renewal of a license or permit, such as a waste discharge permit or a FERC operating license for a hydroelectric generation facility.  If a license or permit is not renewed for a particular facility and the Utility is required to cease operations at that facility, the Utility could incur an impairment charge or other costs.  Before renewing a permit or license, the issuing agency may impose additional requirements that may increase the Utility’s compliance costs.  In particular, in connection with a license renewal for one or more of the Utility’s hydroelectric generation facilities or assets, the FERC may impose new license conditions that could, among other things, require increased expenditures or result in reduced electricity output and/or capacity at the facility.  In addition, local governments may attempt to assert jurisdiction over various utility operations by requiring permits or other approvals that the Utility has not been previously required to obtain.

The Utility may incur penalties and sanctions for failure to comply with the terms and conditions of licenses and permits which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  If the Utility cannot obtain, renew, or comply with necessary governmental permits, authorizations, licenses, ordinances, or other requirements, or if the Utility cannot recover the increase in associated compliance and other costs in a timely manner, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.  

32

Poor investment performance or other factors could require PG&E Corporation and the Utility to make significant unplanned contributions to its pension plan, other postretirement benefits plans, and nuclear decommissioning trusts. 

PG&E Corporation and the Utility provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits for eligible employees and retirees.  The Utility also maintains three trusts for the purposes of providing funds to decommission its nuclear facilities.  The performance of the debt and equity markets affects the value of plan assets and trust assets.  A decline in the market value may increase the funding requirements for these plans and trusts. 
The cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels, the rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, future government regulation, and prior contributions to the plans.  Similarly, funding requirements for the nuclear decommissioning trusts are affected by the rates of return on trust assets, changes in the laws or regulations regarding nuclear decommissioning or decommissioning funding requirements as well as changes in assumptions or forecasts related to decommissioning dates, technology and the cost of labor, materials and equipment.  
(See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.) 
If the Utility is required to make significant unplanned contributions to fund the pension and postretirement plans or if actual nuclear decommissioning costs exceed the amount of nuclear decommissioning trust funds and the Utility is unable to recover the contributions or additional costs in rates, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected
. 

The Utility’s success depends on the availability of the services of a qualified workforce and its ability to maintain satisfactory collective bargaining agreements which cover a substantial number of employees.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s results may suffer if the Utility is unable to attract and retain qualified personnel and 
senior management talent, 
or if prolonged labor disruptions occur. 

The Utility’s workforce is aging and many employees are or will become eligible to retire within the next few years.  Although the Utility has undertaken efforts to recruit and train new field service personnel, the Utility may be faced with a shortage of experienced and qualified personnel.  The majority of the Utility’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with three unions.  Labor disruptions could occur depending on the outcome of negotiations to renew the terms of these agreements
 with the unions or if tentative new agreements are not ratified by their members
.  In addition, some of the remaining non-represented Utility employees could join one of these unions in the future.  

PG&E Corporation and the Utility also may face challenges in attracting and retaining senior management talent especially if they are unable to restore the reputational harm generated by the negative publicity stemming from the ongoing enforcement proceedings.  Any such occurrences could negatively impact PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.

33