PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results can be affected by ma
ny factors, including estimates and assumptions used in the critical accounting policies described in MD&A, that can cause their actual financial results to differ materially from historical results or from anticipated future financial results.  The follow
ing discussion of key risk factors should be considered in evaluating an investment in PG&E Corporation and the Utility and should be read in conjunction with MD&A and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial S
tatements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.  Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. 

Risks Related to the Outc
ome of Enforcement Matters, Investigations, and Regulatory Proceedings 

PG&E Corporation
’s
 and the Utility
’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected by the ultimate amount of third-party liability that the 
Utility incurs
 in connection with the Butte fire.

In September 2015, a wildfire (known as the “Butte fire”) ignited and spread in Amador and Calaveras Counties in Northern California.

 On April 28, 2016, Cal Fire released its report of the investigation o
f the origin and cause of the wildfire.

 According to Cal Fire’s report, the fire burned 70,868 acres, resulted in two fatalities, destroyed 549 homes, 368 outbuildings and four commercial properties, and damaged 44 structures.

 Cal Fire’s report concluded
 that the wildfire was caused when a Gray Pine tree contacted the Utility’s electric line which ignited portions of the tree, and determined that the failure by the Utility and/or its vegetation management contractors, ACRT 
Inc. 
and Trees, Inc., to identif
y certain potential hazards during its vegetation management program ultimately led to the failure of the tree.

 In a press release also issued on April 28, 2016, Cal Fire indicated that it will seek to recover firefighting costs in excess of $90 million f
rom the Utility.

On May 23, 2016, individual plaintiffs filed a master complaint against the Utility and its two vegetation management contractors in the Superior Court of California for Sacramento County.

 Subrogation insurers also filed a separate maste
r complaint on the same date.

 The California Judicial Council had previously authorized the coordination of all cases in Sacramento County.

 As of December 31, 2016, complaints have been filed against the Utility and its two vegetation management contract
ors in the Superior Court of California in the Counties of Calaveras, San Francisco, Sacramento, and Amador involving approximately 1,950 individual plaintiffs representing approximately 950 households and their insurance companies.

 These complaints are p
art of or are in the process of being added to the two master complaints.

 Plaintiffs seek to recover damages and other costs, principally based on inverse condemnation and negligence theories of liability.

 The number of individual complaints and plaintif
fs may increase in the future.

In connection with this matter, the Utility may be liable for property damages, interest, and attorneys’ fees without having been found negligent, through the theory of inverse condemnation.  In addition, the Utility may b
e liable for fire suppression costs, personal injury damages, and other damages if the Utility were found to have been negligent.

The Utility believes that it is probable that it will incur a loss of at least $750 million for all pote
ntial damages describ
ed above. The Utility has liability insurance from various insurers, which provides coverage for third-party liability attributable to the Butte fire in an aggregate amount of approximately $900 million.  Such insurance coverage is subject to the terms and limitations of the available policies and may not be sufficient to cover the Utility’s u
ltimate liability. 

The process for estimating costs associated with claims relating to the Butte fire requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors.

 As more information becomes known, includ
ing additional discovery from the plaintiffs and results from the ongoing mediation and settlement process, management estimates and assumptions regarding the financial impact of the Butte fire may change.

 A change in management’s estimates or assumptions
 could result in an adjustment that could have a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and the results of operations during the period such change occurred.

If the Utility records losses in connection with claims re
lating to the Butte fire that materially exceed the amount the Utility accrued for these liabilities, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially affected in the reporting periods durin
g which additional charges are recorded, depending on whether the Utility is able to record or collect insurance recoveries in amounts sufficient to offset such additional accruals.
 (For more information, see “Enforcement and Litigation Matters” in Item 7.
 MD&A and in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.)

26

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial results may be materially affected by the outcomes of the CPUC’s investigative enforcement proceedings against the
 Utility, other known enforcement matters, and other ongoing state and federal investigation
s
 and requests for information.  The Utility also could incur material costs and fines in connection with future investigations, citations, audits, or enforcement a
ctions. 

The Utility could incur material charges, including fines and other penalties, in connection with a potential settlement or litigated 
outcome of the 
CPUC’s investigation of the Utility’s compliance with the CPUC’s rules re
garding ex parte communications
.  While on October 14, 2016, the Cities of San Bruno and San Carlos, ORA, the SED, TURN, and the Utility submitted a status report to the CPUC which proposed an update to the framework for resolving the proceeding and included a total of 164 com
munications in the scope of the proceeding, the Utility expects that the other parties may argue that the number of violations exceeds the 164 communications referenced in the status report either because a single communication may have violated more than 
one rule or because they believe some of the material provided during discovery constitutes impermissible ex parte communications.  The Utility expects to contest many of these assertions.  If the matter does not settle, the CPUC will determine which commu
nications included within the scope of the proceeding were in violation of its rules.  The CPUC will also determine whether to impose penalties or other remedies, as a result of a potential settlement or otherwise.  The CPUC can impose fines up to $50,000 
for each violation, and up to $50,000 per day if the CPUC determines that the violation was continuing.  The CPUC has wide discretion to determine the amount of penalties based on the totality of the circumstances, including such factors as how many days e
ach violation continued; the gravity of the violations; the type of harm caused by the violations and the number of persons affected; and the good faith of the entity charged in attempting to achieve compliance, after notification of a violation.  The CPUC
 is also required to consider the appropriateness of the amount of the penalty to the size of the entity charged.  The CPUC has historically exercised broad discretion in determining whether violations are continuing and the amount of penalties to be impos
ed.  While it is uncertain how the CPUC will calculate the number of violations or the penalty for any violations, such fines or penalties could be significant and materially affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s liquidity and results of operations. 
(See the discussion under the heading “Regulatory Matters” in MD&A.)

The Utility also is a target of a number of investigations and government requests for information.  
In 2014, both the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Francisco and the California Attorne
y General's office opened investigations into matters related to allegedly improper communication between the Utility and CPUC personnel.

In addition, in October 2016, the Utility received a grand jury subpoena and letter from the U.S. Attorney for the No
rthern District of California advising that the Utility is a target of a federal investigation regarding possible criminal violations of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and conspiracy to violate the act.  The Utility was also contacted by certain other federa
l agencies with requests for information.  While the Utility believes that these requests for information are routine, their outcome is uncertain.  The Utility also is unable to predict the outcome of pending investigations, including whether any charges wil
l be brought against the Utility.

If these investigations or requests for information result in enforcement action against the Utility, the Utility could incur additional fines or penalties or suffer negative consequences described above in the immediatel
y preceding risk factor.  In addition, a negative outcome in any of these investigations or future enforcement actions may negatively affect the outcome of future ratemaking and regulatory proceedings; for example, by enabling parties to challenge the Util
ity’s request to recover costs that the parties allege are somehow related to the Utility’s violations.   

The Utility may incur fines and penalties in connection with the Utility’s efforts to identify and remove encroachments from transmission pipeline r
ights of way and the Penalty Decision.  The Penalty Decision requires the SED to review the Utility’s gas transmission operations (including the Utility’s compliance with the remedies ordered by the Penalty Decision) and to perform annual audits of the Uti
lity’s record-keeping practices for a minimum of ten years.  The SED could impose fines on the Utility or require the Utility to incur unrecoverable costs, or both, based on the outcome of these future audits.  In addition, although PG&E Corporation and th
e Utility do not currently face the possibility of fines or penalties in the first phase of the CPUC’s pending investigation into the Utility’s safety culture since it has been categorized as rate 
setting, it is uncertain how a
 next phase
, if any, would
 be
 categorized.  (See the discussion under the heading “Regulatory Matters” in MD&A.)

The Utility could be subject to additional regulatory or governmental enforcement action in the future with respect to compliance with federal, state or local laws, 
regulations or orders that could result in additional fines, penalties or customer refunds, including those regarding renewable energy and resource adequacy requirements; customer billing; customer service; affiliate transactions; vegetation management; de
sign, construction, operating and maintenance practices; safety and inspection practices; compliance with CPUC general orders or other applicable CPUC decisions or regulations; federal electric reliability standards; and environmental compliance.  CPUC sta
ff could impose 
penaltie
s on the Utility in the future in accordance with its authority under the gas and electric safety citation programs.  The amount of such fines, penalties, or customer refunds could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and th
e Utility’s financial results.   

27

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial results could be materially affected by the conviction of the Utility in the federal criminal proceeding and by the debarment proceeding
.

On August 9, 2016, the jury 
in the
 federal
 criminal trial against the Utility in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, in San Francisco, found the Utility guilty on one count of obstructing a federal agency proceeding and five counts of violations 
of pipeline integrity management regulations of the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act.  On January 26, 2017, the court issued a judgment of conviction against the Utility.  The court sentenced the Utility to a 
five-
year corporate probation period, oversight
 by a third-party monitor
 for a period of five years, with the ability to apply for early termination after three years
, a fine of $3 million to be paid to the federal government, certain advertising requirements, and community service.
 The Utility has dec
ided not to appeal the convictions. 

The probation includes a requirement that the Utility not commit any local, state or federal crimes during the probation period.  As part of the probation, the Utility is required to retain a third-party monitor.  The 
goal of the monitorship will be to prevent the criminal conduct with respect to gas pipeline transmission safety that gave rise to the conviction.  To that end, the goal of the monitor will be to help ensure that the Utility takes reasonable and appropriat
e steps to maintain the safety of the gas transmission pipeline system, performs appropriate integrity management assessments on its gas transmission pipelines, and maintains an effective ethics and compliance program and safety related incentive program.

After an initial assessment is conducted and an initial report is prepared by the monitor, the monitor will prepare reports on a 
semi
-annual basis setting forth the monitor’s continued assessment and making recommendations consistent with the goals and sc
ope of the monitorship.  The Utility expects that the monitor will be retained before the end of the second quarter 
of 
2017.

At December 31, 2016, PG&E Corporation and the Utility’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include
d
 a $3 million accrual in connection wi
th this matter.  The Utility could incur material costs
 and additional penalties
, not recoverable through rates, in the event of non-compliance with the terms of 
its 
probation and in connection with the monitorship (including but not limited to 
the 
monitor’
s compensation or costs resulting from recommendations of the monitor).

Also, in September 2015, the Utility was notified that the DOI had initiated an inquiry into whether the Utility should be suspended or debarred from entering into federal procurement
 and non-procurement contracts and programs citing the San Bruno explosion and indicating, as the basis for the inquiry, alleged poor record-keeping, poor identification and evaluation of threats to gas lines and obstruction of the NTSB’s investigation.  On
 December 21, 2016, the Utility and the DOI entered into an interim administrative agreement that reflects the DOI’s determination that the Utility remains eligible to contract with federal government agencies while the DOI determines whether any further a
ction is necessary to protect 
the 
federal government’s business interests.  The agreement will be effective until superseded by an amended agreement or determination.  The agreement also provides that the DOI is still conducting a review to determine whether
 the Utility has an effective compliance and ethics program and that the DOI is required to use its best efforts to complete its review before the end of 2017.  If the DOI determines that the Utility’s program is not generally effective in preventing and de
tecting criminal conduct, the Utility may be required to enter into an amended administrative agreement and implement remedial and other measures, such as a requirement that the Utility’s natural gas operations and/or compliance and eth
ics programs be supe
rvised by one or more
 independent third party monitor
(s)
.

The Utility’s conviction and the outcome of the debarment proceeding could harm the Utility’s relationships with regulators, legislators, communities, business partners, or other constituencies and
 make it more difficult to recruit qualified personnel and senior management.

 Further, they could negatively affect the outcome of future ratemaking and regulatory proceedings, for example by, enabling parties to argue that the Utility should not be allow
ed to recover costs that the parties allege are somehow related to the criminal charges on which the Utility was found guilty.  They could also result in increased regulatory or legislative scrutiny with respect to various aspects of how the Utility’s busi
ness is conducted or organized.  

As discussed under the heading “Regulatory Matters”

in Item 7. MD&A, the SED continues evaluating PG&E Corporation’s and

the Utility’s

organizational culture and governance in the CPUC’s pending investigation to examine
 th
e Utility’s safety culture. 

28

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results primarily depend on the outcomes of  regulatory and ratemaking proceedings and the Utility’s ability to manage its operating expenses and capital expenditures so that it i
s able to earn its authorized rate of return in a timely manner. 

As a regulated entity, the Utility’s rates are set by the CPUC or the FERC on a prospective basis and are generally designed to allow the Utility to collect sufficient revenues to recover
 r
easonable
 costs of providing service, including a return on its capital investments.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected if the CPUC or the FERC does not authorize sufficient revenues for the Utility to safe
ly and reliably serve its customers and earn its authorized ROE.  The outcome of the Utility’s ratemaking proceedings can be affected by many factors, including the Utility’s reputation (especially 
as a result of the Utility’s conviction

in
 the federal cri
minal 
trial
), the level of opposition by intervening parties; potential rate impacts; increasing levels of regulatory review; changes in the political, regulatory, or legislative environments; and the opinions of the Utility’s regulators, consumer and othe
r stakeholder organizations, and customers, about the Utility’s ability to provide safe, reliable, and affordable electric and gas services.

The Utility also is required to incur costs to comply with legislative and regulatory requirements and initiatives
, such as those relating to the development of a state-wide electric vehicle charging infrastructure, the deployment of distributed energy resources, implementation of demand response and customer energy efficiency programs, energy storage and renewable en
ergy targets, 
underground gas storage, 
and the construction of the California high-speed rail project.  The Utility’s ability to recover costs, including its investments, associated with these and other legislative and regulatory initiatives will, in large
 part, depend on the final form of legislative or regulatory requirements, and whether the associated ratemaking mechanisms can be timely adjusted to reflect changes in customer demand for the Utility’s electricity and natural gas services.  

In addition 
to the amount of authorized revenues, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected if the Utility’s actual costs to safely and reliably serve its customers differ from authorized or forecast costs.  The Utility may in
cur additional costs for many reasons including changing market circumstances, unanticipated events (such as storms, fires, accidents, catastrophic or other events affecting the Utility’s operations), or compliance with new state laws or policies.  Althoug
h the Utility may be allowed to recover some or all of the additional costs, there may be a substantial time lag between when the Utility incurs the costs and when the Utility is authorized to collect revenues to recover such costs.  Alternatively, the CPU
C or the FERC may disallow costs that they determine were not reasonably or prudently incurred by the Utility.

The Utility’s ability to recover its costs also may be affected by the economy and its impact on the Utility’s customers.  
For example, 
a sust
ained downturn or sluggishness in the economy could reduce the Utility’s sales to industrial and commercial customers or the level of uncollectible bills could increase.  Although the Utility generally recovers its costs through rates, regardless of sales 
volume, rate pressures increase when the costs are borne by a smaller sales base.  

Changes in commodity prices also may have an adverse effect on the Utility’s ability to timely recover its operating costs and earn its authorized ROE.

 Although the 
Utility generally recovers its electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers as “pass-through” costs, a significant and sustained rise in commodity prices could create overall rate pressures that make it more difficult for the Utility to rec
over its costs that are not categorized as “pass-through” costs.

To relieve some of this upward rate pressure, the CPUC could authorize lower revenues than the Utility requested or disallow full cost recovery.  

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s finan
cial results depend upon the Utility’s continuing ability to recover “pass-through” costs, including electricity and natural gas procurement costs, from customers  in a timely manner.  The CPUC may disallow procurement costs for a variety of reasons.  In a
ddition, the Utility’s ability to recover these costs could be affected by the loss of Utility customers and decreased new customer growth
,
 if the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect such events.

The Utility meets customer demand for elect
ricity from a variety of sources, including electricity generated from the Utility’s own generation facilities, electricity provided by third parties under power purchase agreements, and purchases on the wholesale electricity market.

 The Utility must mana
ge these sources using the commercial and CPUC regulatory principles of “least cost dispatch” and prudent administration of power purchase agreements in compliance with its CPUC-approved long-term procurement plan.  The CPUC could disallow procurement cost
s incurred by the Utility if the CPUC determines that the Utility did not comply with these principles or if the Utility did not comply with its procurement plan.  

29

Further, the contractual prices for electricity under the Utility’s current or future powe
r purchase agreements could become uneconomic in the future for a variety of reasons, including developments in alternative energy technology, increased self-generation by customers, an increase in distributed generation, and lower customer demand due to a
dverse economic conditions or the loss of the Utility’s customers to other retail providers.

 In particular, the Utility will incur additional costs to procure renewable energy to meet the higher targets established by California SB 350 that became effecti
ve on January 1, 2016.  Despite the CPUC’s current approval of the contracts, the CPUC could disallow contract costs in the future if it determines that the costs are unreasonably above market.  

The Utility’s ability to recover the costs it incurs in the
 wholesale electricity market may be affected by whether the CAISO wholesale electricity market continues to function effectively.  Although market mechanisms are designed to limit excessive prices, these market mechanisms could fail, or the related system
s and software on which the market mechanisms rely may not perform as intended which could result in excessive market prices. 

The CPUC could prohibit the Utility from passing through the higher costs of electricity to customers.  For example, during the 2
000 and 2001 energy crisis, the market mechanism flaws in California’s then-newly established wholesale electricity market led to dramatically high market prices for electricity that the Utility was unable to recover through customer rates, ultimately caus
ing the Utility to file a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

Further, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be affected by the loss of Utility customers and decreasing bundled load that occurs 
through municipalization of the Utility’s facilities, an increase in the number of CCAs who provide electricity to their residents, and an increase in the number of consumers who become direct access customers of alternative generation providers.  (See “Co
mpetition in the Electricity Industry” in Item 1.)  As the number of bundled customers (i.e., those customers who receive electricity and distribution service from the Utility) declines, the rates for remaining customers could increase as the Utility would
 have a smaller customer base from which to recover certain procurement costs.  Although the Utility is permitted to collect non-bypassable charges for 
above market 
generation-related costs incurred on behalf of former customers, the charges may not be suf
ficient for the Utility to fully recover these costs.  In addition, the Utility’s ability to collect non-bypassable charges has been, and may continue to be, challenged by certain customer groups.  Furthermore, if the former customers return to receiving e
lectricity supply from the Utility, the Utility could incur costs to meet their electricity needs that it may not be able to timely recover through rates or that it may not be able to recover at all. 

In addition, increasing levels of self-generation of e
lectricity by customers (primarily solar installations) and the use of customer net energy metering (“NEM”), which allows self-generating customers to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail rate, puts upward rate pressure on remaining cu
stomers.

 In January 2016, the CPUC adopted new NEM rules and rates.

 The new rules and rates became effective for new NEM customers of the Utility in December 2016.

 New NEM customers will be required to pay an interconnection fee, will go on time of use 
rates, and will be required to pay some non-bypassable charges to help fund some of the costs of low income, energy efficiency, and other programs that other customers pay.

 However, the resulting rules will still put upward rate pressure on remaining cust
omers, and remove the cap on the number of NEM customers.

 Significantly higher bills for remaining customers may result in a decline of the number of such customers as they may seek alternative energy providers.  The CPUC states that it intends to revisit
 these rules in 2019.

A confluence of technology-related cost declines and sustained federal or state subsidies could make a combination of distributed generation and energy storage a viable, cost-effective alternative to the Utility’s bundled electric se
rvice which could further threaten the Utility’s ability to recover its generation, transmission, and distribution investments.  If the number of the Utility’s customers decreases or grows at a slower rate than anticipated, the Utility’s level of capital i
nvestment would likely decline as well, in turn leading to a slower growth in rate base and earnings.  Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer migration to other energy providers, adoption of energy efficient technolo
gy, conservation, increasing levels of distributed generation and self-generation, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results. 

The CPUC has begun to impl
ement rate reform to allow residential electric rates to more closely reflect the utilities’ actual costs of providing service and decrease cost-subsidization among customer classes.  Many aspects of rate reform are not yet finalized, including time-of-use
 rates and whether the utilities can impose a fixed charge on certain customers.  If the Utility is unable to recover a material portion of its procurement costs and/or if the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of changing loads
, the wide deployment of distributed generation, and the development of new electricity generation and energy storage technologies, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.    

30

Risks Related to Liquidity and Cap
ital Requirements

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results will be affected by their ability to continue accessing the capital markets and by the terms of debt and equity financings. 

PG&E Corporation and the Utility will continue to seek 
funds in the capital and credit markets to enable the Utility to make capital investments, pay fines that may be imposed in the future, as well as costs related to rights-of-way and legal and regulatory costs.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability 
to access the capital and credit markets and the costs and terms of available financing depend primarily on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s credit ratings and outlook.  Their credit ratings and outlook can be affected by many factors, including the pe
nding CPUC investigations and ratemaking proceedings.  If PG&E Corporation’s or the Utility’s credit ratings were downgraded to below investment grade, their ability to access the capital and credit markets would be negatively affected and could result in 
higher borrowing costs, fewer financing options, including reduced, or lack of, access to the commercial paper market, additional collateral posting requirements, which in turn could affect liquidity and lead to an increased financing need.  Other factors 
can affect the availability and terms of debt and equity financing, including changes in the federal or state regulatory environment affecting energy companies generally or PG&E Corporation and the Utility in particular, the overall health of the energy in
dustry, volatility in electricity or natural gas prices, an increase in interest rates by the Federal Reserve Bank, and general economic and financial market conditions.

The reputations of PG&E Corporation and the Utility continue to suffer from the negat
ive publicity about matters discussed under “Enforcement and Litigation Matters” in Item 7. MD&A.  The negative publicity and the uncertainty about the outcomes of these matters may undermine confidence in management’s ability to execute its business strat
egy and restore a constructive regulatory environment, which could adversely impact PG&E Corporation’s stock price.  Further, the market price of PG&E Corporation common stock could decline materially 
depending on the outcome of these matters.
  The amount 
and timing of future share issuances also could affect the stock price.  

If the Utility were unable to access the capital markets, it could be required to decrease or suspend dividends to PG&E Corporation and PG&E Corporation could be required to contrib
ute capital to the Utility to enable the Utility to fulfill its obligation to serve.  To maintain PG&E Corporation’s dividend level in these circumstances, PG&E Corporation would be further required to access the capital or credit markets.  PG&E Corporatio
n may need to decrease or discontinue its common stock dividend if it is unable to access the capital or credit markets on reasonable terms.   

PG&E Corporation’s ability to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its
 common stock depends on the Utility’s earnings and cash flows. 

PG&
E Corporation is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own.  The Utility must use its resources to satisfy its own obligations, including its obligation to serve customers, to pay principal and interest on outstanding debt, to pay 
preferred stock dividends, and meet its obligations to employees and creditors, before it can distribute cash to PG&E Corporation.  Under the CPUC’s rules applicable to utility holding companies, the Utility’s dividend policy must be established by the Uti
lity's Board of Directors as though the Utility were a stand-alone utility company and PG&E Corporation’s Board of Directors give “first priority” to the Utility’s capital requirements, as determined to be necessary and prudent to meet the Utility’s obliga
tion to serve or to operate the Utility in a prudent and efficient manner.  The CPUC has interpreted this “first priority” obligation to include the requirement that PG&E Corporation “infuse the Utility with all types of capital necessary for the Utility t
o fulfill its obligation to serve.”  In addition, before the Utility can pay common stock dividends to PG&E Corporation, the Utility must maintain its authorized capital structure with an average 52% equity component.  

If the Utility were required to pay
 a material amount of fines or incur material unrecoverable costs in connection with the 
terms of the probation or monitorship
, the pending CPUC investigations, or other enforcement matters, it would require incremental equity contributions from PG&E Corpo
ration to restore its capital structure.  PG&E Corporation common stock issuances used to fund such equity contributions could materially dilute EPS.   (See “Liquidity and Financial Resources” in Item 7. MD&A.)  Further, if PG&E Corporation were required t
o infuse the Utility with significant capital or if the Utility was unable to distribute cash to PG&E Corporation, or both, PG&E Corporation may be unable to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt, pay its common stock dividend, or meet other o
bligations.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability to pay dividends also could be affected by financial covenants contained in their respective credit agreements that require each company to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidate
d capitalization of at most 65%.

31

Risks Related to Operations and Information Technology

The Utility’s electricity and natural gas operations are inherently hazardous and involve significant risks which, if they materialize, can adversely affect PG&E Corp
oration’s and the Utility’s financial results.  The Utility’s insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses caused by an operatin
g failure or catastrophic event, or may not become available at a reasonable cost, or available at all. 

The Utility owns 
and operates extensive electricity and natural gas facilities, including two nuclear generation units and an extensive

hydroelectric generating system
.  (See “Electric Utility Operations” and “Natural Gas Utility Operations” in Item 1. Business.)  The Util
ity’s ability to earn its authorized ROE depends on its ability to efficiently maintain, operate, and protect its facilities, and provide electricity and natural gas services safely and reliably.  The Utility undertakes substantial capital investment proje
cts to construct, replace, and improve its electricity and natural gas facilities.  In addition, the Utility is obligated to decommission its electricity generation facilities at the end of their useful operating lives.  The Utility’s ability to safely and
 reliably operate, maintain, construct and decommission its facilities is subject to numerous risks, many of which are beyond the Utility’s control, including those that arise from:  

●

the breakdown or failure of equipment, electric transmission or di
stribution lines, or natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines, that can cause explosions, fires, or other catastrophic events;

●

an overpressure event occurring on natural gas facilities due to equipment failure, incorrect operating procedures 
or failure to follow correct operating procedures, or welding or fabrication-related defects, that results in the failure of downstream transmission pipelines or distribution assets and uncontained natural gas flow; 

●

failure to maintain adequate capaci
ty to meet customer demand on the gas system that results in customer curtailments, controlled/uncontrolled gas outages, gas surges back into homes, serious personal injury or loss of life;

●

a prolonged statewide electrical black-out that results  in 
damage to the Utility’s equipment or damage to property owned by customers or other third parties;

●

the failure to fully identify, evaluate, and control workplace hazards that result in serious injury or loss of life for employees or the public, environm
ental damage, or reputational damage;

●

the release of radioactive materials caused by a nuclear accident, seismic activity, natural disaster, or terrorist act; 

●

the failure of a large dam or other major hydroelectric facility, or the failure of one or
 more levees that protect land on which the Utility’s assets are built;

●

the failure to take expeditious or sufficient action to mitigate operating conditions, facilities, or equipment, that the Utility has identified, or reasonably should have 
identified, as unsafe, which failure then leads to a catastrophic event (such as a wild land fire or natural gas explosion), and the failure to respond effectively to a catastrophic event;

●

inadequate emergency preparedness plans and the failure to respo
nd effectively to a catastrophic event that can lead to public or employee harm or extended outages;

●

severe weather events such as storms, tornadoes, floods, drought, earthquakes, tsunamis, wild land and other fires, pandemics, solar events, 
electromagnetic events, or other natural disasters;

●

operator or other human error;

●

an ineffective records management program that results in the failure to construct, operate and maintain a utility system safely and prudently;

●

construction 
performed by third parties that damage the Utility’s underground or overhead facilities, including, for example, ground excavations or “dig-ins” that damage the Utility’s underground pipelines;

●

the release of hazardous or toxic substances into the air,
 water, or soil, including, for example, gas leaks from natural gas storage facilities; flaking lead-based paint from the Utility’s facilities, and leaking or spilled insulating fluid from electrical equipment; and

32

●

attacks by third parties, including cy
ber-attacks, acts of terrorism, vandalism, or war. 

The occurrence of any of these events could interrupt fuel supplies; affect demand for electricity or natural gas; cause unplanned outages or reduce generating output; damage the Utility’s assets or ope
rations; damage the assets or operations of third parties on which the Utility relies; damage property owned by customers or others; and cause personal injury or death.  As a result, the Utility could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair as
sets and restore service, and to compensate third parties.  

In particular, the Utility may incur material liability in connection with the Butte fire.  
(
See “PG&E Corporation and the Utility may incur material liability in connection with Butte Fire” 
above.
)
  Additionally, on January 12, 2017, a residential structure fire occurred in Yuba City, California resulting in the collapse of the house and injuries to two persons inside the house.  The CPUC, a third-party engineering firm, and local fire and police officials are investigating the origin and cause of the incident.  The Utility may incur material costs, including as a result of these investigations or any proceedings that could be commenced in connection with this incident.  

Further, although the Utility often enters into agreements for third-party contractors to perform work, such as patrolling and inspection of facilities or the construction or demolition or facilities, the Utility may retain liability for the quali
ty and completion of the contractor’s work and can be subject to penalties or other enforcement action if the contractor violates applicable laws, rules, regulations, or orders.  The Utility may also be subject to liability, penalties or other enforcement 
action as a result of personal injury or death caused by third-party contractor actions.  

Insurance, equipment warranties, or other contractual indemnification requirements may not be sufficient or effective to provide full or even partial recovery under
 all circumstances or against all hazards or liabilities to which the Utility may become subject.  An uninsured loss could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.  Future insurance coverage may not be available at 
rates and on terms as favorable as the Utility’s current insurance coverage or may not be available at all. 

Further, California law includes a doctrine of inverse condemnation that is routinely invoked in California for wildfire damages. Inverse condemna
tion imposes strict liability (including liability for attorneys’ fees) for damages and takings as a result of the design, construction and maintenance of utility facilities, including its electric transmission lines.  As a result of the strict liability s
tandard applied to wildfires, recent losses recorded by insurance companies, the risk of increase of wildfires including as a result of the ongoing drought, and the Butte fire, the Utility may not be able to obtain sufficient insurance coverage in the futu
re at comparable cost and terms as the Utility’s current insurance coverage, or at all.  In addition, the Utility is unable to predict whether it would be allowed to recover in rates the increased costs of insurance or the costs of any uninsured losses. 

I
f the amount of insurance is insufficient or otherwise unavailable, or if the Utility is unable to recover in rates the costs of any uninsured losses, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be m
aterially affected.

The Utility’s operational and information technology systems could fail to function properly or be improperly accessed or damaged by third parties (including cyber-attacks and physical acts
)
 or damaged by severe weather, natural disast
ers, or other events. Any of these events could disrupt the Utility’s operations and cause the Utility to incur unanticipated losses and expense or liability to third parties
.

The operation of the Utility’s extensive electricity and natural gas systems re
lies on evolving and increasingly complex operational and information technology systems and network infrastructures that are interconnected with the systems and network infrastructure owned by third parties.

 All of the Utility’s operational and technolog
y systems and network infrastructure are vulnerable to disability or
 failures in the event of cyber-attacks and physical acts.  Cyber-
attacks are increasingly sophisticated and may include computer hacking, viruses, malware, social engineering, denial of s
ervice attacks, ransomware, destructive malware, or other means of disruption, destruction, or unauthorized access, acquisition or control.  In addition, hardware, software, or applications the Utility develops or procures from third parties may contain de
fects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security.  Physical attacks may include acts of sabotage, acts of war, acts of terrorism, or other physical acts.  The Utility’s operational and information tec
hnology systems and networks are deemed critical infrastructure, and any failure or decrease in their functionality could, among other things, cause harm to the public or employees, significantly disrupt operations, negatively impact the Utility’s ability 
to generate, transport, deliver and store energy and gas, or otherwise operate in the most efficient manner or at all, undermine the Utility’s performance of critical business functions, damage the Utility’s assets or operations or those of third parties, 
and lead to reputational harm.  As a result, such events could subject the Utility to significant expenses, claims by customers or third parties, government inquiries, investigations, and regulatory actions that could result in fines and penalties, and los
s of customers, any of which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.

33

The Utility’s systems, including its financial information, operational systems, advanced metering, and billin
g systems, require ongoing maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increase the risk of errors and malfunction.

 The Utility often relies on third-party vendors to host, maintain, modify, and update its systems and these third-part
y vendors could cease to exist
, 
fail to establish adequate processes to protect the Utility’s systems and information, or experience internal or external security incidents.

 Any incidents, disruptions or deficiencies in existing systems, or disruptions, d
elays or deficiencies in the modification of existing systems or implementation of new systems could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, or diversion of management’s and employees’ attention and resources, or negatively a
ffect the Utility’s ability to maintain effective financial controls or timely file required regulatory reports.

 The Utility also could be subject to patent infringement claims arising from the use of third-party technology by the Utility or by a third-pa
rty vendor.  

In addition, the Utility’s information systems contain confidential information, including information about customers and employees.

 A data breach involving theft, improper disclosure, or other unauthorized access to or acquisition of conf
idential information could subject the Utility to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, claims by third parties, and enforcement actions by government agencies.  It could also reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm the Utility’
s reputation. 

The Utility and its third party vendors have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to the Utility’s information technology systems, or confidential data, or to disrupt the Utility’s op
erations.  None of these attempts or breaches has individually or in the aggregate resulted in a security incident with a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.  Despite implementation of secu
rity and control measures, there can be no assurance that the Utility will be able to prevent the unauthorized access to its systems, infrastructure, or data, or the disruption of its operations, either of which could materially affect PG&E Corporation’s a
nd the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.  

While the Utility maintains cyber liability insurance that covers certain damages caused by cyber incidents, there is no guarantee that adequate insurance will continue to be available at r
ates the Utility believes are reasonable or that the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident will be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.

The operation and decommissioning of the Utility’s nuclear power plants expose it to pot
entially significant liabilities and the Utility may not be able to fully recover its costs if regulatory requirements change or the plant ceases operations before the licenses expire.

The operation of the Utility’s nuclear generation facilities exposes 
it to potentially significant liabilities from environmental, health and financial risks, such as risks relating to the storage, handling and disposal of spent nuclear fuel, and the release of radioactive materials caused by a nuclear accident, seismic act
ivity, natural disaster, or terrorist act.  If the Utility incurs losses that are either not covered by insurance or exceed the amount of insurance available, such losses could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial result
s.  In addition, the Utility may be required under federal law to pay up to $255 million of liabilities arising out of each nuclear incident occurring not only at the Utility’s Diablo Canyon facility but at any other nuclear power plant in the United State
s.

 (See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.)

On August 11, 2016, the Utility submitted an application to the CPUC to retire Diablo Canyon at the expiration of its current operating licenses in 2024 and 2025 and replace it with a portfolio of energy efficiency and GHG-free resources.  The application 
includes a joint proposal between the Utility and certain interested parties, entered into on June 20, 2016.  However, the Utility continues to face public concern about the safety of nuclear generation and nuclear fuel.  Some of these nuclear opposition g
roups regularly file petitions at the NRC and in other forums challenging the actions of the NRC and urging governmental entities to adopt laws or policies in opposition to nuclear power.  Although an action in opposition may ultimately fail, regulatory pr
oceedings may take longer to conclude and be more costly to complete.  It is also possible that public pressure could grow leading to adverse changes in legislation, regulations, orders, or their interpretation.  As a result, operations at the Utility’s tw
o nuclear generation units at Diablo Canyon could cease before the licenses expire in 2024 and 2025.  In such an instance, the Utility could be required to record a charge for the remaining amount of its unrecovered investment and such charge could have a 
material effect on PG&E Corporation and the Utility’s financial results. 

34

In addition, in order to retain highly skilled personnel necessary to safely operate Diablo Canyon during the remaining years of operations, the Utility will incur costs in connecti
on with (i) an employee retention program to ensure adequate staffing levels at Diablo Canyon, and (ii) an employee retraining and development program,

to facilitate redeployment of a portion of Diablo Canyon personnel to the decommissioning project and el
sewhere in the company.

 The Utility currently estimates that the additional cost of the employee retention program and the employee retraining and development program will be approximately $350 million.

 The Joint Proposal seeks confirmation from the CPUC
 that these costs will be recovered through the Utility’s nuclear decommissioning electric rates.

 The employee retention and retraining and development programs are subject to bargaining with the Utility’s labor unions.

 The Utility will also incur costs 
in connection with an employee severance program.

 The severance program was previously approved by the CPUC in prior nuclear decommissioning ratemaking proceedings.

The Utility has incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial costs to comply with NRC
 regulations and orders.

 (See “Regulatory Environment” in Item 1. Business.)

 If the Utility were unable to recover these costs, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.

 The Utility may determine that it cannot
 comply with the new regulations or orders in a feasible and economic manner and voluntarily cease operations; alternatively, the NRC may order the Utility to cease operations until the Utility can comply with new regulations, orders, or decisions.

 The Ut
ility may incur a material charge if it ceases operations at Diablo Canyon before the licenses expire in 2024 and 2025.  At December 31, 2016, the Utility’s unrecovered investment in Diablo Canyon was $1.7 billion. 

At the state level, the California Wate
r Board has adopted a policy on once-through cooling that generally requires the installation of cooling towers or other significant measures to reduce the impact on marine life from existing power generation facilities in California by at least 85%.

 If t
he California Water Board requires the installation of cooling towers that the Utility believes are not technically or economically feasible, the Utility may be forced to cease operations at Diablo Canyon and may incur a material charge.

If the Utility obt
ains contingent approvals referred to herein that will result in retiring Diablo Canyon at the end of the current NRC operating licenses, the Utility will not be required to install cooling towers or implement alternative measures in order to comply with t
he California State Water Board Once-Through Cooling Wat
er Policy, thus eliminating the 
regulatory uncertainty regarding the measures that could have been imposed on the Utility or of incurring a material charge related thereto.  Even if the Utility is ult
imately not required to install cooling towers, under the State Water Board’s interim mitigation measures applicable to Diablo Canyon’s operations prior to 2025, starting in 2016, it will be required to make payments to the California Coastal Conservancy t
o fund various environmental mitigation projects, that the Utility does not expect to exceed $5 million per year.  

On June 28, 2016 the California State Lands Commission approved an extension of the Utility’s leases of coastal land occupied by the water 
intake and discharge structures for the nuclear generation units at Diablo Canyon, to run concurrently with Diablo Canyon’s current operating licenses.  The Utility will be required to obtain an additional lease extension from the State Lands Commission to
 cover the period of time necessary to decommission the facility.  The State Lands Commission and California Coastal Commission will evaluate appropriate environmental mitigation and development conditions associated with the decommissioning project, the c
osts of which could be substantial. 

The Utility also has an obligation to decommission its electricity generation facilities, including its nuclear facilities, as well as gas transmission system assets, at the end of their useful lives.

 (See Note 2: Sum
mary of Significant Accounting Policies – Asset Retirement Obligations of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement in Item 8.)

 The CPUC authorizes the Utility to recover its estimated costs to decommission its nuclear facilities through nuclear d
ecommissioning charges that are collected from customers and held in nuclear decommissioning trusts to be used for the eventual decommissioning of each nuclear unit.

 If the Utility’s actual decommissioning costs, including the amounts held in the nuclear 
decommissioning trusts, exceed estimated costs, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected.

Risks Related to Environmental Factors

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and changes i
n or liabilities under these laws could adversely affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, orders, relating to air quality, 
water quality and usage, remediation of hazardous wastes, and the protection and conservation of natural resources and wildlife.  The Utility incurs significant capital, operating, and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statute
s, rules, and regulations.  The Utility has been in the past, and may be in the future, required to pay for environmental remediation costs at sites where it is identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws.  Alth
ough the Utility has recorded liabilities for known environmental obligations, these costs can be difficult to estimate due to uncertainties about the extent of contamination, remediation alternatives, the applicable remediation levels, and the financial a
bility of other pote
ntially responsible parties.  (For more information, s
ee Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.) 

Environmental remediation costs could increase in the future as a result of new legislation, the curren
t trend toward more stringent standards, and stricter and more expansive application of existing environmental regulations.  Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or failure to comply with the terms of licenses or permits issued by environment
al or regulatory agencies, could expose the Utility to claims by third parties or the imposition of civil or criminal fines or other sanctions.  

The CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover its environmental remediation costs for certain sites through 
various ratemaking mechanisms.  One of these mechanisms allows the Utility rate recovery for 90% of its hazardous substance remediation costs for certain approved sites without a reasonableness review.  The CPUC may discontinue or change these ratemaking m
echanisms in the future or the Utility may incur environmental costs that exceed amounts the CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover in rates. 

Some of the Utility’s environmental costs, such as the remediation costs associated with the Hinkley natural gas compressor site, are not recoverable through rates 
or insurance
.  (See “Environmental Regulation” in Item 1.)  
The Utility’s costs to remediate
 groundwater contamination near the Hinkley natural gas compressor site and to abate the effects of the contamination have had, and may continue to have, a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results.  Their financial results 
also can be materially affected by changes in estimated costs and by the extent to which actual remediation costs differ from recorded liabilities. 

35

The Utility’s future operations may be affected by climate change that may have a material impact on PG&E 
Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

The Utility has been studying the potential effects of climate change (increased temperatures, changing precipitation patterns, rising sea levels) on the Utility
’s operations and is developing contingency plans to adapt to those events and conditions that the Utility believes are most significant.  Scientists project that climate change will increase electricity demand due to more extreme, persistent and hot weath
er.  
While snowpack in the Sierra Nevada Mountains has been at higher than normal levels this winter, California has experienced ongoing drought in the past. 
If temperatures and the levels of precipitation in the Utility’s service territory continue to ch
ange, that could impact the levels of snowpack in the Sierra Nevada Mountains. As a result, the Utility’s hydroelectric generation could change and the Utility would need to consider managing or acquiring additional generation.

If the Utility increases i
ts reliance on conventional generation resources to replace hydroelectric generation and to meet increased customer demand, it may become more costly for the Utility to comply with GHG emissions limits.  In addition, increasing temperatures and lower level
s of precipitation could increase the occurrence of wildfires in the Utility’s service territory causing damage to the Utility’s facilities or the facilities of third parties on which the Utility relies to provide service, damage to third parties for loss 
of property, personal injury, or loss of life.  In addition, flooding caused by rising sea levels could damage the Utility’s facilities, including hydroelectric assets such as dams and canals, and the electric transmission and distribution assets.  The Uti
lity could incur substantial costs to repair or replace facilities, restore service, compensate customers and other third parties for damages or injuries.  The Utility anticipates that the increased costs would be recovered through rates, but as rate press
ures increase, the likelihood of disallowance or non-recovery may increase.  

Events or conditions caused by climate change could have a greater impact on the Utility’s operations than the Utility’s studies suggest and could result in lower revenues or in
creased expenses, or both.  If the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of events or conditions caused by climate change, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be mat
erially affected.

Other Risk Factors

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected as a result of political and legislative developments. 

The Utility’s financial results could be materially affected as a result of the recent change in 
federal a
dministration from President Barack Obama to Preside
nt Donald Trump.  For example, the new administration
 has indicated tax reform as a priority.  Tax
 reform outli
nes produced by both
 President Trum
p and the Tax Reform Task Force
 include proposals related to federal tax rate
s
,
 deductions for
 state income taxes (and potentially property tax), interest expense deduction, capital expenditure deduction, and
 expensing plant.  It is unclear what tax reform 
may
 be ultimately adopted.  It is generally expected that a tax reform bill will be introduced in early 2017.

The Utility may be required to incur substantial costs in order to obtain or renew licenses and
 permits needed to operate the Utility’s business and the Utility may be subject to fines and penalties for failure to comply or obtain license renewal. 

The Utility must comply with the terms of various governmental permits, authorizations, and licenses,
 including those issued by the FERC for the continued operation of the Utility’s hydroelectric generation facilities, and those issued by environmental and other federal, state and local governmental agencies.  Many of the Utility’s capital investment proj
ects, and some maintenance activities, often require the Utility to obtain land use, construction, environmental, or other governmental permits.  These permits, authorizations, and licenses may be difficult to obtain on a timely basis, causing work delays.
  Further, existing permits and licenses could be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued.  In addition, the Utility often seeks periodic renewal of a lic
ense or permit, such as a waste discharge permit or a FERC operating license for a hydroelectric generation facility.  If a license or permit is not renewed for a particular facility and the Utility is required to cease operations at that facility, the Uti
lity could incur an impairment charge or other costs.  Before renewing a permit or license, the issuing agency may impose additional requirements that may increase the Utility’s compliance costs.  In particular, in connection with a license renewal for one
 or more of the Utility’s hydroelectric generation facilities or assets, the FERC may impose new license conditions that could, among other things, require increased expenditures or result in reduced electricity output and/or capacity at the facility.  In 
addition, local governments may attempt to assert jurisdiction over various utility operations by requiring permits or other approvals that the Utility has not been previously required to obtain.

The Utility may incur penalties and sanctions for failure
 to comply with the terms and conditions of licenses and permits which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  If the Utility cannot obtain, renew, or comply with nec
essary governmental permits, authorizations, licenses, ordinances, or other requirements, or if the Utility cannot recover the increase in associated compliance and other costs in a timely manner, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results coul
d be materially affected.  

Poor investment performance or other factors could require PG&E Corporation and the Utility to make significant unplanned contributions to its pension plan, other postretirement benefits plans, and nuclear decommissioning trust
s. 

PG&
E Corporation and the Utility provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits for eligible employees and retirees.  The Utility also maintains three trusts for the purposes of providing funds to decommission its nuclear facilities.  
The performance of the debt and equity markets affects the value of plan assets and trust assets.  A decline in the market value may increase the funding requirements for these plans and trusts.  
The cost of providing pension and other postretirement bene
fits is also affected by other factors, including interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels, the rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase
 in health care costs, future government regulation, and prior contributions to the plans.  Similarly, funding requirements for the nuclear decommissioning trusts are affected by the rates of return on trust assets, changes in the laws or regulations regar
ding nuclear decommissioning or decommissioning funding requirements as well as changes in assumptions or forecasts related to decommissioning dates, technology and the cost of labor, materials and equipment.  

(See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.) 

If the Utility is required to make significant unplanned contributions to fund the pension and postretirement plans or if actual nuclear decommissioning costs exceed the amount of
 nuclear decommissioning trust funds and the Utility is unable to recover the contributions or additional costs in rates, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be materially affected

. 

36

The Utility’s success depends on the availabili
ty of the services of a qualified workforce and its ability to maintain satisfactory collective bargaining agreements which cover a substantial number of employees.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s results may suffer if the Utility is unable to attrac
t and retain qualified personnel and senior management talent, or if prolonged labor disruptions occur. 

The Utility’s workforce is aging and many employees are or will become eligible to retire within the next few years.  Although the Utility has underta
ken efforts to recruit and train new field service personnel, the Utility may be faced with a shortage of experienced and qualified personnel.  The majority of the Utility’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with three unions.  Labo
r disruptions could occur depending on the outcome of negotiations to renew the terms of these agreements with the unions or if tentative new agreements are not ratified by their members.  In addition, some of the remaining non-represented Utility employee
s could join one of these unions in the future.  

PG&E Corporation and the Utility also may face challenges in attracting and retaining senior management talent especially if they are unable to restore the reputational harm generated by the negative publi
city stemming from the ongoing enforcement proceedings.  Any such occurrences could negatively impact PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.

37