PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s reputations have been significantly affected by the negative publicity about  the San Bruno accident, the related investigations and civil litigation, the Utility’s noncompliance with certain natural gas regulations, and the fines imposed on the Utility for noncompliance with these regulations and for violation of certain CPUC rules.  Their reputations may be further adversely affected by publicity regarding developments in the pending CPUC and criminal investigations, and by future investigations or other regulatory or governmental proceedings or action that may be commenced.  In addition, the Utility’s electricity and natural gas operations generally are subject to continuous public scrutiny and criticism that could lead to further reputational harm. Additional reputational harm or the inability of PG&E Corporation and the Utility to restore their reputations may further affect their financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.

The reputations of PG&E Corporation and the Utility have seriously suffered as a result of the extensive media coverage of the San Bruno accident, the investigative findings from the NTSB and the CPUC’s independent review panel that placed the blame for the accident primarily on the Utility, the ensuing civil litigation, the criminal investigation, and the CPUC investigations that were commenced to determine whether the Utility violated any laws, rules, regulations or orders relating to  safety recordkeeping, pipeline installation, integrity management, or other operational practices.  (See “Natural Gas Matters” above.)  PG&E Corporation and the Utility anticipate that there will be additional media coverage of future developments in the pending investigations, especially after the final outcomes are determined.

In addition, there could be additional negative publicity as the SED takes action with respect to numerous reports the Utility has submitted to notify the SED about the Utility’s noncompliance with certain natural gas regulations.  In January 2012, the SED imposed fines of $16.8 million on the Utility for self-reported failure to perform certain leak surveys and in 2013 the SED imposed fines ranging from $50,000 to $8.1 million for self-reported violations.  The SED may impose additional fines based on other self-reported violations.  The media also has published reports about two orders to show cause that were issued by the CPUC in August 2013 regarding a filing the Utility submitted in July 2013 to correct certain factual errors made in documents submitted in October 2011 that provided support for an order to restore operating pressure on certain pipelines.  In December 2013, the Utility was fined $14.4 million for violating a CPUC rule prohibiting misleading disclosures to the CPUC.

The Utility’s reputation can also be affected by media coverage of highly debated public policy issues such as those relating to the Utility’s nuclear generation operations and nuclear decommissioning activities; environmental remediation or permitting activities; the accuracy, privacy, and safety of the Utility’s information, operating, and billing systems; and the future development of the state-mandated California High Speed Rail project through the Utility’s service territory.  Media coverage of outages, vandalism, physical attacks on the Utility’s facilities (such as the attack on the Metcalf electric substation), gas leaks, accidents causing injury or death, or other operational events, as well as concerns about the risks of terrorist acts, climate change, earthquakes, or a nuclear accident, can also negatively affect the Utility’s reputation.  These public policy debates and operational concerns have often led to additional adverse media coverage and could later result in investigations or other action by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits. 

The outcome of pending ratemaking proceedings, such as the GRC and the GT&S rate case, also could affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s reputations, with unfavorable regulatory outcomes having a negative reputational effect.  Alternatively, PG&E Corporation’s or the Utility’s unfavorable reputation could have a negative influence on the regulatory decision-making process.

Investors may question management’s ability to repair the reputational harm that PG&E Corporation and the Utility have suffered, resulting in an adverse impact on the market price of PG&E Corporation common stock.  The issuance of common stock by PG&E Corporation to fund the Utility’s unrecovered costs has materially diluted PG&E Corporation’s EPS.  Additional share issuances following a declining stock price would cause further dilution.  The extent to which PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s reputations can be restored will depend, in part, on the success of the Utility’s efforts to improve the safety and reliability of the natural gas system as planned in the Utility’s PSEP, whether they can implement the remaining recommendations made by the CPUC’s independent review panel and the NTSB, and whether they are able to adequately show regulators, legislators, law enforcement officials, city officials, the media and the public that they have done so.  If PG&E Corporation and the Utility are unable to repair their reputations, their financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be negatively affected.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected by the ultimate outcome of the CPUC investigations; the ultimate amount of gas transmission costs that the Utility does not recover through rates; and the ultimate outcome of the criminal investigation, including the amount of penalties imposed and the cost to implement any required action.

As discussed above in the section entitled “Natural Gas Matters − Pending CPUC Investigations and Enforcement Matters,” the SED has recommended that the CPUC impose what the SED characterizes as a penalty of $2.25 billion on the Utility, consisting of a $300 million fine payable to the State General Fund and $1.95 billion of non-recoverable costs.  If the SED’s penalty recommendation is adopted by the CPUC, the Utility estimates that its total unrecovered costs and fines related to natural gas transmission operations would be about $4.5 billion and the Utility would incur material charges in addition to the charges already incurred for the probable fines of $200 million and unrecoverable natural gas transmission costs.  Such charges would materially affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations and could negatively affect the availability, amount, and timing of future debt and equity issuances by PG&E Corporation and the Utility.  Future developments in the criminal investigation arising from the San Bruno accident also could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  (See the sections entitled “Criminal Investigation” under the heading “Natural Gas Matters.”)

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows have been materially affected by costs incurred by the Utility to perform work under the PSEP, to undertake other pipeline-related work, and to improve the safety and reliability of its natural gas and electricity operations.  The Utility forecasts that it will incur a material amount of unrecoverable natural gas transmission costs in 2014.  The Utility’s ability to recover natural gas transmission costs in 2015 through 2017 primarily will be determined by the outcome of the Utility’s 2015 GT&S rate case.

In December 2012, the CPUC approved most of the Utility’s proposed scope and timing of projects to be completed under the Utility’s PSEP through 2014, but the CPUC disallowed the Utility’s request for rate recovery of a significant portion of forecasted capital costs and expenses.  In October 2013, the Utility filed an update application, as ordered by the CPUC, to reflect changes in the scope and priority of projects resulting from the Utility’s completed search and review of records related to pipeline pressure validation and other information, including updated cost forecasts.  At December 31, 2013, the Utility had recorded cumulative charges of $549 million for PSEP capital costs that the Utility expects will exceed the adopted cost amounts.  (See “Natural Gas Matters” above.)  The Utility could record additional charges for disallowed costs if the CPUC does not approve the Utility’s request to adjust revenue requirements or if cost forecasts increase.  The Utility also forecasts it will incur costs during 2014 that it will not recover through rates, including costs to identify and remove encroachments from gas transmission pipeline rights-of-way, to pressure test pipelines placed into service after January 1, 1956, consistent with the CPUC’s disallowance of such costs in the PSEP decision, and remedial costs associated with the Utility’s pipeline corrosion control program.

31

The Utility’s ability to recover its natural gas transmission and storage costs in 2015, 2016, and 2017, will be determined by whether the CPUC approves the Utility’s GT&S rate case application.  (See “Regulatory Matters” above.)  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if the CPUC does not approve the Utility’s request or if actual costs exceed the capital and expense amounts that the CPUC may authorize.  The Utility has not requested rate recovery for certain costs it forecasts it will incur during 2015 through 2017, including costs to identify and remove encroachments from gas transmission pipeline rights-of-way, to pressure test certain pipelines, and to take remedial measures to address pipeline corrosion.  Actual costs to perform this work could materially exceed forecasts and negatively affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s results of operations.  The Utility’s ability to recover natural gas transmission costs also could be affected by the final decisions to be issued in the CPUC’s pending investigations discussed above. 

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected by their ability to continue accessing the capital markets and by the terms of debt and equity financings.

The Utility relies on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity to fund capital expenditures, pay principal and interest on its debt, provide collateral to support its natural gas and electricity procurement hedging contracts, and fund other operations requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows.  See the discussion of the Utility’s future financing needs above in “Liquidity and Financial Resources.”  The Utility’s financing needs would increase if the Utility were required to incur unrecoverable costs and pay fines as a result of the outcome of the pending investigations discussed in “Natural Gas Matters” above.  Such financing may become more difficult to obtain, especially if the ultimate outcome of the investigations affected the Utility’s credit ratings.  As the Utility has incurred costs it has been unable to recover through rates, it has relied on equity contributions from PG&E Corporation to maintain the 52% equity component of its CPUC-authorized capital structure.  The Utility’s equity needs could increase materially depending on the ultimate outcome of the pending investigations and the amount of natural gas and transmission costs it is unable to recover through rates.

PG&E Corporation relies on independent access to the capital and credit markets to fund its operations, make capital expenditures, and contribute equity to the Utility as needed to maintain the Utility’s CPUC-authorized capital structure, if funds received from the Utility (in the form of dividends or share repurchases) are insufficient to meet such needs.  Since the San Bruno accident, PG&E Corporation has issued a material amount of equity to fund its equity contributions to the Utility.  PG&E Corporation forecasts that it will need to issue additional material amounts of equity in 2014 as the Utility continues to incur costs that it cannot recover through rates.  If the Utility is required to pay penalties in an amount that exceeds the amount already accrued, the Utility may need further equity contributions that PG&E Corporation may need to fund through additional dilutive share issuances.  PG&E Corporation also may be required to access the capital markets to fund equity contributions to the Utility following the Utility’s issuance of long-term debt to maintain the Utility’s capital structure.  PG&E Corporation primarily has relied on the public sale of its common stock to raise the funds it contributes to meet the Utility’s equity needs.  The market price of PG&E Corporation common stock could decline materially depending on the outcome of the investigations and the amount and timing of future share issuances.  Declines in the stock price could increase the dilutive effect of future stock issuances and make it more difficult or expensive for PG&E Corporation to complete future equity offerings.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability to access the capital and credit markets and the costs and terms of available financing depend on many factors, including the ultimate outcome of the pending investigations, the outcome of pending ratemaking proceedings, changes in their credit ratings, changes in the federal or state regulatory environment affecting energy companies generally or PG&E Corporation and the Utility in particular, the overall health of the energy industry, volatility in electricity or natural gas prices, and general economic and financial market conditions.  If PG&E Corporation’s or the Utility’s credit ratings were downgraded to below investment grade, their ability to access the capital and credit markets would be negatively affected and could result in higher borrowing costs, fewer financing options, including reduced access to the commercial paper market, additional collateral posting requirements, which in turn could affect liquidity and lead to an increased financing need.

If the Utility were unable to access the capital markets, it could be required to decrease or suspend dividends to PG&E Corporation.  PG&E Corporation also would need to consider its alternatives, such as contributing capital to the Utility, to enable the Utility to fulfill its obligation to serve.  To maintain PG&E Corporation’s dividend level in these circumstances, PG&E Corporation would be further required to access the capital or credit markets.  PG&E Corporation may need to decrease or discontinue its common stock dividend if it is unable to access the capital or credit markets on reasonable terms.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition depends upon the Utility’s ability to recover its operating expenses and its electricity and natural gas procurement costs and to earn a reasonable rate of return on capital investments, in a timely manner from the Utility’s customers through regulated rates.

The Utility’s ability to recover its costs and earn its authorized rate of return can be affected by many factors, including the time lag between when costs are incurred and when those costs are recovered in customers’ rates and differences between the forecast or authorized costs embedded in rates (which are set on a prospective basis) and the amount of actual costs incurred.  (See “Regulatory Matters – 2014 General Rate Case” above.)  The CPUC or the FERC may not allow the Utility to recover costs on the basis that such costs were not reasonably or prudently incurred or for other reasons.  For example, the CPUC has prohibited the Utility from recovering a material portion of costs that the Utility has already incurred, and will continue to incur, as it performs work under the PSEP, in part, because the CPUC found that such costs were incurred as a result of imprudent management. The CPUC may order the Utility to propose cost-sharing methods for certain costs or the Utility may decide for other reasons not to seek recovery of certain costs.  In either case, the Utility would incur costs that are not recovered through rates.  (See “Natural Gas Matters” above.)

Further, to serve its customers in a safe and reliable manner, the Utility may be required to incur expenses before the CPUC approves the recovery of such costs.  The Utility is generally unable to recover costs incurred before CPUC authorization is obtained, unless the CPUC authorizes the Utility to track costs for potential future recovery.  For example, the Utility requested that the CPUC allow the Utility to track costs incurred in 2012 under the PSEP before the CPUC approved the plan.  The CPUC did not address the Utility’s request and as a result the Utility was unable to recover costs incurred before the effective date of the decision, December 20, 2012.  The Utility’s failure to recover these and other pipeline-related costs has materially affected PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Changes in laws and regulations or changes in the political and regulatory environment also may have an adverse effect on the Utility’s ability to timely recover its costs and earn its authorized rate of return.  In addition, the Utility may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with new state laws or to implement new state policies before the Utility is assured of cost recovery.  For example, the state-mandated development of the California High Speed Rail Project through the Utility’s service territory will require the relocation of some of the Utility’s electric and gas facilities, new electric facilities, and significant expansion and upgrade to the Utility’s electric system.  Although the CPUC has begun a proceeding to address cost allocation and cost recovery issues, the Utility may incur costs before the issues are settled, for example, to obtain environmental permits.   Further, fluctuating commodity prices also could affect the Utility’s ability to timely recover its costs and earn its authorized rate of return.  Although current law and regulatory mechanisms permit the Utility to pass through its costs to procure electricity and natural gas to customers in rates, a significant and sustained rise in commodity prices, caused by costs associated with new renewable energy resources and California’s new cap-and-trade program and other factors, could create overall rate pressures that make it more difficult for the Utility to recover its costs.  This pressure could increase as the Utility continues to collect authorized rates to support public purpose programs, such as energy efficiency programs, and low-income rate subsidies, and to fund customer incentive programs.  

32

The Utility’s ability to recover its costs also may be affected by the economy and the economy’s corresponding impact on the Utility’s customers.  For example, a sustained downturn or sluggishness in the economy could reduce the Utility’s sales to industrial and commercial customers.  Although the Utility generally recovers its costs through rates, regardless of sales volume, rate pressures increase when the costs are borne by a smaller sales base.  A portion of the Utility’s revenues depends on the level of customer demand for the Utility’s natural gas transportation services which can fluctuate based on economic conditions, the price of natural gas, and other factors.  In the GT&S rate case application, the Utility has proposed that this revenue mechanism be eliminated beginning on January 1, 2015 but it is uncertain whether the request will be granted.

The Utility’s failure to recover its operating expenses, including electricity and natural gas procurement costs in a timely manner through rates could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

The Utility’s ability to procure electricity to meet customer demand at reasonable prices and recover procurement-related costs timely may be affected by increasing renewable energy requirements, the continuing functioning of the wholesale electricity market in California, and the expanded cap-and-trade market.

The Utility meets customer demand for electricity from a variety of sources, including electricity generated from the Utility’s own generation facilities, electricity provided by third parties under power purchase agreements, and purchases on the wholesale electricity market.  The Utility must manage these sources using the commercial and CPUC regulatory principles of “least cost dispatch.”

Following competitive requests for offers from third parties, the Utility enters into power purchase agreements, including contracts to purchase renewable energy, in compliance with a CPUC-approved long-term procurement plan.  These agreements become binding obligations of the Utility after the CPUC approves the agreements and authorizes the Utility to recover contract costs through rates.  There is a risk that the contractual prices the Utility is required to pay will become uneconomic in the future for a variety of reasons, including developments in alternative energy technology, increased self-generation by customers, an increase in distributed generation, and lower customer demand due to economic conditions or the loss of the Utility’s customers to other generation providers.  In particular, as the market for renewable energy develops in response to California’s renewable energy requirements, there is a risk that the Utility’s contractual commitments could result in procurement costs that are higher than the market price of renewable energy.  This could create a further risk that, despite original CPUC approval of the contracts, the CPUC would disallow contract costs in the future if the CPUC determines that the costs are unreasonably above market.  In addition, the CPUC could disallow procurement costs if the CPUC determined that the Utility incurred procurement costs that were not in compliance with its CPUC-approved procurement plan, or that the Utility did not prudently administer the power purchase agreements that were executed in compliance with the plan.  The Utility also could incur liability under its contracts to procure electricity from conventional and renewable generation resources if such resources are physically curtailed by the CAISO during periods of over-generation when generation resources scheduled with the CAISO exceed customer load.  The costs incurred by the Utility under these circumstances would be subject to reasonableness review by the CPUC and could be disallowed.

        The Utility also purchases energy through the day-ahead and real-time wholesale electricity market operated by the CAISO.  The amount of electricity the Utility purchases on the wholesale market fluctuates due to a variety of factors, including, the level of electricity generated by the Utility’s own generation facilities, changes in customer demand, periodic expirations or terminations of power purchase contracts, the execution of new power purchase contracts, fluctuation in the output of hydroelectric and other renewable power facilities owned or under contract by the Utility, and the implementation of new energy efficiency and demand response programs.  The market prices of electricity also fluctuate due to various factors, including the type of generation resources.  Hydroelectric generation resources are generally the least expensive.  As drought conditions in California and the Western U.S. persist, the market prices of electricity will generally reflect the higher cost of conventional and other resources.  Although market mechanisms are designed to limit excessive prices, these market mechanisms could fail, or the related systems and software on which the market mechanisms rely may not perform as intended due to a cyber-attack or other reason, which could result in excessive market prices.  For example, during the 2000 and 2001 energy crisis, the market mechanism flaws in California’s newly established wholesale electricity market led to dramatically high market prices for electricity that the Utility was unable to recover through customer rates, ultimately causing the Utility to file a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

In addition, electricity costs include the costs to comply with California’s cap-and-trade regulations.  Although some of these costs can be offset by revenues from the sale of emission allowances by the Utility on behalf of some classes of electricity customers, it is uncertain how the cap-and-trade market will develop in the future especially as the cap-and-trade compliance periods expand to cover other sources of GHG emissions and as other regional or federal cap-and-trade programs are adopted. 

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected if the Utility is unable to recover a material portion of the costs it incurs to deliver electricity to customers.

The completion of capital investment projects is subject to substantial risks, and the timing of the Utility’s capital expenditures and recovery of capital-related costs through rates, if at all, will directly affect net income.

The Utility’s ability to invest capital in its electric and natural gas businesses is subject to many risks, including risks related to obtaining regulatory approval, securing adequate and reasonably priced financing, obtaining and complying with the terms of permits, meeting construction budgets and schedules, and satisfying operating and environmental performance standards.  Third-party contractors on which the Utility depends to develop or construct these projects also face many of these risks.  Changes in tax laws or policies, such as those relating to “bonus” depreciation, may also affect when or whether a potential project is developed.  In addition, reduced forecasted demand for electricity and natural gas as a result of an economic slow-down, or other reasons, may also increase the risk that projects are deferred, abandoned, or cancelled.  Some of the Utility’s future capital investments may also be affected by evolving federal and state policies regarding the development of a “smart” electric transmission grid.

In addition, differences in the amount or timing of actual capital expenditures compared to the amount and timing of forecast capital expenditures authorized to be recovered through rates, can directly affect net income.  Changes in regulatory policies concerning ongoing recovery of costs for existing projects may increase risks associated with capital investment.  Further, if capital expenditures are disallowed, the Utility would be required to write-off such expenses which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations. For example, at December 31, 2013, the Utility had recorded cumulative charges of $549 million for PSEP capital costs that the CPUC has specifically disallowed and for increases in the amount of costs that the Utility forecasts will exceed the adopted cost amounts.

33

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial results could be affected by the loss of Utility customers and decreased new customer growth due to municipalization, an increase in the number of community choice aggregators, increasing levels of “direct access,” and the development and integration of self-generation and distributed generation technologies, if the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect such events.

The Utility’s customers could bypass its distribution and transmission system by obtaining such services from other providers.  This may result in stranded investment capital, loss of customer growth, and additional barriers to cost recovery.  Forms of bypass of the Utility’s electricity distribution system include construction of duplicate distribution facilities to serve specific existing or new customers.  In addition, local government agencies could exercise their power of eminent domain to acquire the Utility’s facilities and use the facilities to provide utility service to their local residents and businesses.  The Utility may be unable to fully recover its investment in the distribution assets that it no longer owns.  The Utility’s natural gas transmission facilities could be bypassed by interstate pipeline companies that construct facilities in the Utility’s markets, by customers who build pipeline connections that bypass the Utility’s natural gas transmission and distribution system, or by customers who use and transport liquefied natural gas.

Alternatively, the Utility’s customers could become direct access customers who purchase electricity from alternative energy suppliers or they could become customers of governmental bodies registered as community choice aggregators to purchase and sell electricity for their residents and businesses.  Although the Utility is permitted to collect a non-bypassable charge for generation-related costs incurred on behalf of these customers, or distribution, metering, or other services it continues to provide, the fee may not be sufficient for the Utility to fully recover the costs to provide these services.  Furthermore, if the former customers return to receiving electricity supply from the Utility, the Utility could incur costs to meet their electricity needs that it may not be able to timely recover through rates or that it may not be able to recover at all.

In addition, increasing levels of self-generation of electricity by customers (primarily solar installations) and the use of customer net energy metering, which allows self-generating customers to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail rate, could put upward rate pressure on remaining customers.  Also, a confluence of technology-related cost declines and sustained federal or state subsidies could make a combination of distributed generation and storage a viable, cost-effective alternative to the Utility’s bundled electric service which could further threaten the Utility’s ability to recover its generation, transmission, and distribution investments.

If the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of changing loads, increasing self-generation and net energy metering, and the growth of distributed generation and storage, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

The operation of the Utility’s electricity and natural gas generation, transmission, and distribution facilities involve significant risks which, if they materialize, can adversely affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the Utility’s insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses caused by an operating failure or catastrophic event.

The Utility owns and operates extensive electricity and natural gas facilities, including two nuclear generation units and an extensive hydroelectric generating system.  The Utility’s service territory covers approximately 70,000 square miles in northern and central California and is composed of diverse geographic regions with varying climates, weather conditions, vegetation amounts, and population density levels, all of which create numerous operating challenges.  The Utility’s facilities are interconnected to the U.S. western electricity grid and numerous interstate and continental natural gas pipelines.  These facilities are subject to physical attacks, including cyber-attacks that can cause local or widespread outages of electric or natural gas service, or otherwise disrupt operations, as well as cause property damage and personal injury.  The Utility and other industry participants implement various security measures to monitor and protect their facilities but these security measures may not always be successful.  The Utility’s ability to earn its authorized rate of return depends on its ability to efficiently maintain, operate, and protect its facilities and provide electricity and natural gas services safely and reliably.  The maintenance and operation of the Utility’s facilities, and the facilities of third parties on which the Utility relies, involve numerous risks, including the risks discussed elsewhere in this section and those that arise from:

·

the breakdown or failure of equipment, electric transmission or distribution lines, or natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines, that can cause explosions, fires, or other catastrophic events;

·

the failure of generation facilities to perform at expected or at contracted levels of output or efficiency;

·

the failure of a large dam or other major hydroelectric facility, or the failure of one or more levees that protect land on which the Utility’s electric transmission assets are built;

·

the failure to take expeditious or sufficient action to mitigate operating conditions, facilities, or equipment, that the Utility has identified, or reasonably should have identified, as unsafe, which failure then leads to a catastrophic event, and the failure to respond effectively to a catastrophic event;

·

severe weather events such as storms, tornadoes, floods, drought, earthquakes, tsunamis, wildland and other fires, pandemics, solar events, electromagnetic events, or other natural disasters;

·

operator or other human error;

·

construction performed by third parties, such as ground excavation that damages the Utility’s underground facilities;

·

fuel supply interruptions or the lack of available fuel which reduces or eliminates the Utility’s ability to provide electricity and/or natural gas service;

·

the release of hazardous or toxic substances into the air or water;

·

use of new or unproven technologies;

·

attacks by third parties, including cyber-attacks; and

·

acts of terrorism, vandalism, or war.

34

        The occurrence of any of these events could affect demand for electricity or natural gas; cause unplanned outages or reduce generating output which may require the Utility to incur costs to purchase replacement power; cause damage to the Utility’s assets or operations requiring the Utility to incur unplanned expenses to respond to emergencies and make repairs; damage the assets or operations of third parties on which the Utility relies; subject the Utility to claims by customers or third parties for damages to property, personal injury, or wrongful death, or subject the Utility to penalties.  These costs may not be recoverable through rates or insurance.  Further, although the Utility often enters into agreements for third-party contractors to perform work, such as patrolling and inspection of facilities, the Utility may retain liability for the quality and completion of the contractor’s work and can be subject to penalties or other enforcement action if the contractor violates applicable laws, rules, regulations, or orders.   Insurance, equipment warranties, or other contractual indemnification requirements may not be sufficient or effective to provide full or even partial recovery under all circumstances or against all hazards or liabilities to which the Utility may become subject.  An uninsured loss could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  Future insurance coverage may not be available at rates and on terms as favorable as the rates and terms of the Utility’s current insurance coverage or may not be available at all.

The Utility’s operational and information systems on which it relies to conduct its business and serve customers could fail to function properly due to technological problems, cyber-attacks, physical attacks on the Utility’s assets, acts of terrorism, severe weather, solar events, electromagnetic events, natural disasters, the age and condition of information technology assets, human error, or other reasons, that could disrupt the Utility’s operations and cause the Utility to incur unanticipated losses and expense.

The operation of the Utility’s extensive electricity and natural gas systems rely on evolving information and operational technology systems and network infrastructures that are becoming more complex as new technologies and systems are implemented to modernize capabilities to safely and reliably deliver gas and electric services.  The Utility’s business is highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of tasks and transactions, many of which are highly complex. The failure of the Utility’s information and operational systems and networks due to a physical attack, cyber-attack or other cause could significantly disrupt operations; cause harm to the public or employees; result in outages or reduced generating output; damage to the Utility’s assets or operations or those of third parties; and subject the Utility to claims by customers or third parties, any of which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

The Utility’s systems, including its financial information, operational systems, advanced metering, and billing systems, require constant maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increase the risk of errors and malfunction.  Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, the diversion of management’s and employees’ attention and resources, and could negatively affect the effectiveness of the companies’ control environment, and/or the companies’ ability to timely file required regulatory reports. 

The Utility’s ability to measure customer energy usage and generate bills depends on the successful functioning of the advanced metering system.  The Utility relies on third party contractors and vendors to service, support, and maintain certain proprietary functional components of the advanced metering system.  If such a vendor or contractor ceased operations, if there was a contractual dispute or a failure to renew or negotiate the terms of a contract so that the Utility becomes unable to continue relying on such a third-party vendor or contractor, then the Utility could experience costs associated with disruption of billing and measurement operations and would incur costs as it seeks to find other replacement contractors or vendors or hire and train personnel to perform such services.

Despite implementation of security and mitigation measures, all of the Utility’s technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to cyber-attacks, physical attacks on the facilities and equipment needed to operate the technology systems, viruses, human errors, acts of war or terrorism, and other events.  If the Utility’s information technology systems or network infrastructure were to fail, the Utility might be unable to fulfill critical business functions and serve its customers, which could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.

In addition, in the ordinary course of its business, the Utility collects and retains sensitive information including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage, and other confidential information.  The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data can subject the Utility to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject the Utility to claims from third parties, and harm the Utility’s reputation.

The Utility’s success depends on the availability of the services of a qualified workforce and its ability to maintain satisfactory collective bargaining agreements which cover a substantial number of employees.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s results may suffer if the Utility is unable to attract and retain qualified personnel and senior management talent, or if prolonged labor disruptions occur.

35

The Utility’s workforce is aging and many employees will become eligible to retire within the next few years.  Although the Utility has undertaken efforts to recruit and train new field service personnel, the Utility may not be successful.  The Utility may be faced with a shortage of experienced and qualified personnel.  The majority of the Utility’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with three unions.  The terms of these agreements affect the Utility’s labor costs.  It is possible that labor disruptions could occur.  In addition, it is possible that some of the remaining non-represented Utility employees will join one of these unions in the future.  It is also possible that PG&E Corporation and the Utility may face challenges in attracting and retaining senior management talent especially if they are unable to restore the reputational harm generated by the negative publicity stemming from the San Bruno accident.  Any such occurrences could negatively impact PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations.

  The operation and decommissioning of the Utility’s nuclear power plants expose it to potentially significant liabilities that it may not be able to recover from its insurance or other sources, and the Utility may incur significant capital expenditures and compliance costs that it may be unable to fully recover, adversely affecting PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s s financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.

The operation of the Utility’s nuclear generation facilities exposes it to potentially significant liabilities from environmental, health and financial risks, such as risks relating to the storage, handling and disposal of spent nuclear fuel, the release of radioactive materials caused by a nuclear accident, seismic activity, natural disaster, or terrorist act.  There are also significant uncertainties related to the regulatory, technological, and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear generation plants when their licenses expire.  To reduce the Utility’s financial exposure to these risks, the Utility maintains insurance and manages decommissioning trusts that hold nuclear decommissioning charges collected through customer rates.  However, the costs or damages the Utility may incur in connection with the operation and decommissioning of its nuclear power plants could exceed the amount of the Utility’s insurance coverage and nuclear decommissioning trust assets.  The Utility has insurance coverage for property damages and business interruption losses, as well as coverage for acts of terrorism at its nuclear power plants as a member of NEIL, a mutual insurer owned by utilities with nuclear facilities.  NEIL provides coverage for both nuclear (meaning that nuclear material is released) and non-nuclear losses.  Due to multiple large non-nuclear losses in the industry, in 2013 NEIL significantly reduced its coverage for non-nuclear losses.  While the Utility is seeking alternative insurance options, efforts to obtain additional coverage may not be successful.  Even if the Utility is able to obtain additional coverage, this future insurance coverage may not be available at rates and terms as favorable as the rates and terms of the Utility’s current NEIL insurance coverage.  If the Utility incurs losses that are either not covered by insurance or exceed the amount of insurance available, such losses could have a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

In addition, as an operator of the two operating nuclear reactor units at Diablo Canyon, the Utility may be required under federal law to pay up to $255 million of liabilities arising out of each nuclear incident occurring not only at the Utility’s Diablo Canyon facility but at any other nuclear power plant in the United States.  (See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)  The Utility’s ability to continue to operate its nuclear generation facilities also is subject to the availability of adequate nuclear fuel supplies on terms that the CPUC will find reasonable.

The NRC oversees the licensing, construction, and decommissioning of nuclear facilities and has broad authority to impose requirements relating to the maintenance and operation of nuclear facilities; the storage, handling and disposal of spent fuel; and the safety, radiological, environmental, and security aspects of nuclear facilities. The NRC has adopted regulations that are intended to protect nuclear facilities, nuclear facility employees, and the public from potential terrorist and other threats to the safety and security of nuclear operations, including threats posed by radiological sabotage or cyber-attack. The Utility incurs substantial costs to comply with these regulations.  In addition, in March 2012, the NRC issued several orders to the owners of all U.S. operating nuclear reactors to implement the highest-priority recommendations issued by the NRC’s task force to incorporate the lessons learned from the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami that caused significant damage to the Fukushima-Dai-ichi nuclear facilities in Japan. The NRC may issue further orders to implement the recommendations, including facility-specific orders, which could require the Utility to incur additional costs.

In 2009, the Utility filed an application with the NRC to renew the operating licenses for the two operating units at Diablo Canyon. (See “Regulatory Matters – Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant” above.)  In May 2011, after the Fukushima-Dai-ichi event, the NRC granted the Utility’s request to delay processing the Utility’s application while certain advanced seismic studies were completed.  The Utility  is currently assessing the data from recently completed advanced seismic studies along with other available seismic data.  The Utility will not make any decision about whether to request that the NRC to resume processing the license renewal application until this assessment is completed and provided to the NRC.  The Utility anticipates that it will complete this assessment by June 2014.  If the Utility does not request that the NRC resume processing the application, the current operating licenses would expire in 2024 and 2025.  In any event, the NRC has stated that it will not issue final decisions in licensing or re-licensing proceedings, including the Utility’s re-licensing application, until it has issued a new “waste confidence decision,” as described below.  In addition, the NRC would not issue renewed operating licenses for Diablo Canyon unless the California Coastal Commission determined that license renewal is consistent with federal and state coastal laws.

36

In the NRC’s original “waste confidence decision,” the NRC found that spent nuclear fuel can be safely managed until a permanent off-site repository is established.  The NRC’s waste confidence decision was successfully challenged on the basis that the NRC’s environmental review was deficient.  The NRC has instructed its staff to develop and issue a new waste confidence decision and temporary storage rule by October 2014.  It is uncertain how the new waste confidence decision and temporary storage rule would affect the Utility’s decision to resume the renewal application process at the NRC or, if the application process were resumed, how the new waste confidence decision and temporary storage rule would affect the disposition of the renewal application.  It is also uncertain how the new waste confidence decision and temporary storage rule would affect the Utility’s nuclear generation operations during the current terms of the NRC licenses for Diablo Canyon.

The CPUC has authority to determine the rates the Utility can collect to recover its nuclear fuel, operating, maintenance, compliance, and decommissioning costs. The Utility also could incur significant expense to comply with regulations or orders the NRC may issue in the future to impose new safety requirements, to obtain license renewal, and to comply with federal and state policies and regulations applicable to the use of cooling water intake systems at generation facilities, such as Diablo Canyon. (See “Environmental Matters” above.)  The Utility expects that it would seek rate recovery of these additional costs.  The outcome of these rate proceedings at the CPUC can be influenced by public and political opposition to nuclear power.

If the Utility were unable to recover costs related to its nuclear facilities, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected.  The Utility may determine that it cannot comply with the new regulations or orders, including a new waste confidence decision, in a feasible and economic manner and voluntarily cease operations at Diablo Canyon.  Alternatively, the NRC may order the Utility to cease its nuclear operations until it can comply with new regulations, orders, or decisions.  Further, the Utility could decide not to resume the license renewal process or the Utility could fail to obtain renewed operating licenses for Diablo Canyon requiring nuclear operations to cease when the current licenses expire in 2024 and 2025.

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and changes in or liabilities under these laws could adversely affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.

The Utility’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, orders, relating to air quality, water quality and usage, remediation of hazardous wastes, and the protection and conservation of natural resources and wildlife.  The Utility can incur significant capital, operating, and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules, and regulations.  These costs can be difficult to forecast because the extent of contamination may be unknown.  For example, the Utility’s costs to perform hydrostatic pressure tests on natural gas pipelines were higher than anticipated because the water used to perform the tests became contaminated as it traveled through the pipe and the Utility had to incur additional costs to remediate the contaminated wastewater.  Further, even if the extent of contamination is known, remediation costs can be difficult to estimate due to many factors, including which remediation alternatives will be used, the applicable remediation levels, and the financial ability of other potentially responsible parties.  Environmental remediation costs could increase in the future as a result of new legislation, the current trend toward more stringent standards, and stricter and more expansive application of existing environmental regulations.  Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or failure to comply with the terms of licenses or permits issued by environmental or regulatory agencies, could expose the Utility to claims by third parties or the imposition of civil or criminal fines or other sanctions.

The Utility has been, and may be, required to pay for environmental remediation costs at sites where it is identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws.  These sites, some of which the Utility no longer owns, include former manufactured gas plant sites, current and former power plant sites, former gas gathering and gas storage sites, sites where natural gas compressor stations are located, current and former substations, service center and general construction yard sites, and sites currently and formerly used by the Utility for the storage, recycling, or disposal of hazardous substances.  Under federal and California laws, the Utility may be responsible for remediation of hazardous substances even if it did not deposit those substances on the site.  Although the Utility has liabilities for known environmental obligations that are probable and reasonably estimable, estimated costs may vary significantly from actual costs, and the amount of additional future costs may be material to results of operations in the period in which they are recognized.  (See Note 14 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.)

The CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover its environmental remediation costs for certain sites through various ratemaking mechanisms. One of these mechanisms allows the Utility rate recovery for 90% of its hazardous substance remediation costs for certain approved sites without a reasonableness review. The CPUC may discontinue or change these ratemaking mechanisms in the future or the Utility may incur environmental costs that exceed amounts the CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover in rates.

Some of the Utility’s environmental costs, such as the remediation costs associated with the Hinkley natural gas compressor site, are not recoverable through rates or insurance.  The Utility’s costs to remediate groundwater contamination near the Hinkley natural gas compressor site and to abate the effects of the contamination have had, and may continue to have, a material effect on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.  (See “Environmental Matters” above.)

37

The Utility’s future operations may be affected by climate change that may have a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

A report issued in 2012 by the EPA entitled,  “Climate Change Indicators in the United States, 2012” states that the increase of GHG emissions in the atmosphere is changing the fundamental measures of climate in the United States, including rising temperatures, shifting snow and rainfall patterns, and more extreme climate events.  In December 2009, the EPA issued a finding that GHG emissions cause or contribute to air pollution that endangers public health and welfare.  The impact of events or conditions caused by climate change could range widely, from highly localized to worldwide, and the extent to which the Utility’s operations may be affected is uncertain.  For example, if reduced snowpack decreases the Utility’s hydroelectric generation, the Utility will need to acquire additional generation from other sources at a greater cost.  In addition, if lower hydroelectric generation due to dry conditions or prolonged drought increases reliance on conventional generation resources, it may be more costly for the Utility to comply with California’s renewable portfolio standard program and GHG emissions limits.

Under certain circumstances, the events or conditions caused by climate change could result in a full or partial disruption of the ability of the Utility – or one or more of the entities on which it relies – to generate, transmit, transport, or distribute electricity or natural gas.  The Utility has been studying the potential effects of climate change on the Utility’s operations and is developing contingency plans to adapt to those events and conditions that the Utility believes are most significant.  Events or conditions caused by climate change could have a greater impact on the Utility’s operations than the Utility’s studies suggest and could result in lower revenues or increased expenses, or both.  If the CPUC fails to adjust the Utility’s rates to reflect the impact of events or conditions caused by climate change, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially affected.

The Utility is subject to fines and penalties for failure to comply with federal, state, or local statutes and regulations.  Changes in the political and regulatory environment could cause federal and state statutes, regulations, rules, and orders to become more stringent and difficult to comply with, and required permits, authorizations, and licenses may be more difficult to obtain, increasing the Utility’s expenses or making it more difficult for the Utility to execute its business strategy.

The Utility must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders of the CPUC, the FERC, the NRC, and other regulatory agencies relating to the aspects of its electricity and natural gas utility operations that fall within the jurisdictional authority of such agencies. In addition to the NRC requirements described above, these include meeting new renewable energy delivery requirements, resource adequacy requirements, federal electric reliability standards, customer billing, customer service, affiliate transactions, vegetation management, operating and maintenance practices, and safety and inspection practices.  The Utility is subject to penalties and sanctions for failure to comply with applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders.

The CPUC can impose fines up to $50,000 per day, per violation.  The CPUC has wide discretion to determine, based on the facts and circumstances, whether a single violation or multiple violations were committed and to determine the length of time a violation existed for purposes of calculating the amount of fines.  The CPUC has delegated authority to the SED to levy citations and impose fines for violations of certain regulations related to the safety of natural gas facilities and utilities’ natural gas operating practices.  Like the CPUC, the SED has discretion to determine how to count the number of violations, but the delegated authority requires the SED to assess the maximum statutory fine per violation with discretion to adjust the amount of the fine based on the risk-level of the violation as determined by the SED.  (For a discussion of pending investigations and potential enforcement proceedings, see MD&A “Natural Gas Matters” above.)  A California law enacted in 2013 requires the CPUC to establish a safety enforcement program for gas facilities by July 1, 2014 and for electric facilities by January 1, 2015.  The law requires the CPUC to delegate enforcement authority to the SED under these programs.  The CPUC may make changes to its gas safety enforcement program to implement the new law.  These programs may increase the risk that penalties will be imposed on the Utility.

In addition, the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has independent authority to impose fines for violation of federal pipeline safety regulations in amounts that range from $100,000 to $200,000 for an individual violation and from $1 million to $2 million for a series of violations.

The Utility must comply with federal electric reliability standards that are set by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and approved by the FERC.  These standards relate to maintenance, training, operations, planning, vegetation management, facility ratings, and other subjects.  These standards are designed to maintain the reliability of the nation’s bulk power system and to protect the system against potential disruptions from cyber-attacks and physical security breaches.  Regulatory authorities conduct frequent compliance audits of the Utility’s operating practices.  The FERC can impose fines (up to $1 million per day, per violation) for failure to comply with these mandatory electric reliability standards.  As these and other standards and rules evolve, and as the wholesale electricity markets become more complex, the Utility’s risk of noncompliance may increase.

In addition, statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders, or their interpretation and application, may become more stringent and difficult to comply with in the future. If this occurs, the Utility could be exposed to increased costs to comply with the more stringent requirements or new interpretations and to potential liability for customer refunds, penalties, or other amounts.  If it is determined that the Utility did not comply with applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, or orders, and the Utility is ordered to pay a material amount in customer refunds, penalties, or other amounts, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially affected.

38

The Utility also must comply with the terms of various governmental permits, authorizations, and licenses.  These permits, authorizations, and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued.  In addition, waste discharge permits and other approvals and licenses often have a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility.  Licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency.  In connection with a license renewal for one or more of the Utility’s hydroelectric generation facilities or assets, the FERC may impose new license conditions that could, among other things, require increased expenditures or result in reduced electricity output and/or capacity at the facility.

If the Utility cannot obtain, renew, or comply with necessary governmental permits, authorizations, or licenses, or if the Utility cannot recover any increased costs of complying with additional license requirements or any other associated costs in its rates in a timely manner, PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected.

Market performance or changes in other assumptions could require PG&E Corporation and the Utility to make significant unplanned contributions to its pension plan, other postretirement benefits plans, and nuclear decommissioning trusts.

PG&E Corporation and the Utility provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits for eligible employees and retirees.  The Utility also maintains three trusts for the purposes of providing funds to decommission its nuclear facilities.  Up to approximately 60% of the plan assets and trust assets have generally been invested in equity securities, which are subject to market fluctuation.  A decline in the market value may increase the funding requirements for these plans and trusts.

The cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including the assumed rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, levels of assumed interest rates, future government regulation, and prior contributions to the plans.  Similarly, funding requirements for the nuclear decommissioning trusts are affected by changes in the laws or regulations regarding nuclear decommissioning or decommissioning funding requirements as well as changes in assumptions or forecasts related to decommissioning dates, technology and the cost of labor, materials and equipment.  Funding requirements also can be affected by the difference between the actual rate of return on plan assets and the assumed rate and by changes in the assumed rate of return.  For example, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under the plans: as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing the funding requirements.

The Utility has recorded an asset retirement obligation related to decommissioning its nuclear facilities based on various estimates and assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions can materially affect the amount of the recorded asset retirement obligation. (See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the increase in the recorded asset retirement obligation to reflect increased estimated decommissioning costs.)

The CPUC has authorized the Utility to recover forecasted costs to fund pension and postretirement plan contributions and nuclear decommissioning through rates.  If the Utility is required to make significant unplanned contributions to fund the pension and postretirement plans and nuclear decommissioning trusts and is unable to recover such contributions in rates, the contributions would negatively affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Other Utility obligations, such as its workers’ compensation obligations, are not separately earmarked for recovery through rates.  Therefore, increases in the Utility’s workers’ compensation liabilities and other unfunded liabilities also can negatively affect net income.

PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial statements reflect various estimates, assumptions, and values and are prepared in accordance with applicable accounting rules, standards, policies, guidance, and  interpretations, including those related to regulatory assets and liabilities.  Changes to these estimates, assumptions, values, and accounting rules, or changes in the application of these rules, could materially affect PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition or results of operations.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingencies.  (See the discussion under Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “Critical Accounting Policies” above.)  If the information on which the estimates and assumptions are based proves to be incorrect or incomplete, if future events do not occur as anticipated, or if there are changes in applicable accounting guidance, policies, or interpretation, management’s estimates and assumptions will change as appropriate.  A change in management’s estimates or assumptions, or the recognition of actual losses that differ from the amount of estimated losses, could have a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s financial condition or results of operations.

39

As a regulated entity, the Utility’s rates are designed to recover the costs of providing service.  The Utility’s continued use of regulatory accounting (which enables it to account for the effects of regulation, including recording regulatory assets and liabilities) depends on its ability to recover its cost of service.  (See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)  Since the San Bruno accident, the Utility has recorded cumulative charges of approximately $2.5 billion related to its natural gas operations that are not recoverable through rates.  (See "Natural Gas Matters" above.) To the extent that rates, including rates in the 2015 GT&S rate case, are not set at a level that allows the Utility to recover the cost of providing service and a reasonable return on its investment in future periods, the Utility may be required to discontinue the application of regulatory accounting for portions of its operations.  If that occurs, the related regulatory assets and liabilities would be charged against income in the period in which that determination was made and could have a material impact on PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s future financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, if regulatory accounting did not apply, the Utility’s future financial results could become more volatile under GAAP accounting as compared to historical financial results under regulatory accounting due to the differences in the timing of expense (or gain) recognition under GAAP accounting as compared to regulatory accounting.

As a holding company, PG&E Corporation depends on cash distributions and reimbursements from the Utility to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.

PG&E Corporation is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own.  PG&E Corporation’s ability to pay interest on its outstanding debt, the principal at maturity, and to pay dividends on its common stock, as well as satisfy its other financial obligations, primarily depends on the earnings and cash flows of the Utility and the ability of the Utility to distribute cash to PG&E Corporation (in the form of dividends and share repurchases) and reimburse PG&E Corporation for the Utility’s share of applicable expenses.  Before it can distribute cash to PG&E Corporation, the Utility must use its resources to satisfy its own obligations, including its obligation to serve customers, to pay principal and interest on outstanding debt, to pay preferred stock dividends, and meet its obligations to employees and creditors.  The Utility’s ability to pay common stock dividends is constrained by regulatory requirements, including that the Utility maintain its authorized capital structure with an average 52% equity component.  PG&E Corporation’s and the Utility’s ability to pay dividends also could be affected by financial covenants contained in their respective credit agreements that require each company to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated capitalization of at most 65%.  If the Utility is not able to make distributions to PG&E Corporation or to reimburse PG&E Corporation, PG&E Corporation’s ability to meet its own obligations could be impaired and its ability to pay dividends could be restricted.  (Also see the discussion of financing risks above.)

PG&E Corporation could be required to contribute capital to the Utility or be denied distributions from the Utility to the extent required by the CPUC’s determination of the Utility’s financial condition.

The CPUC imposed certain conditions when it approved the original formation of a holding company for the Utility, including an obligation by PG&E Corporation’s Board of Directors to give “first priority” to the capital requirements of the Utility, as determined to be necessary and prudent to meet the Utility’s obligation to serve or to operate the Utility in a prudent and efficient manner.  The CPUC later issued decisions adopting an expansive interpretation of PG&E Corporation’s obligations under this condition, including the requirement that PG&E Corporation “infuse the Utility with all types of capital necessary for the Utility to fulfill its obligation to serve.”  The Utility’s financial condition will be affected by the amount of costs the Utility incurs that it does not recover through rates (whether such non-recovery is because actual costs exceed authorized or forecast costs, the Utility did not seek authorization to recover certain costs, or the CPUC prohibited the Utility from recovering certain costs), the amount of third-party losses it is unable to recover through insurance, and the amount of penalties the Utility incurs in connection with the pending investigations and future citations for self-reported violations.  After considering these impacts, the CPUC’s interpretation of PG&E Corporation’s obligation under the first priority condition could require PG&E Corporation to infuse the Utility with significant capital in the future or could prevent distributions from the Utility to PG&E Corporation, or both, any of which could materially restrict PG&E Corporation’s ability to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt or pay its common stock dividend, meet other obligations, or execute its business strategy.  Further, laws or regulations could be enacted or adopted in the future that could impose additional financial or other restrictions or requirements pertaining to transactions between a holding company and its regulated subsidiaries.