BUSINESS AND OPERATING RISKS

The Cyclical Nature of Our Business Could
Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations

Our results of operations are affected by the
cyclical nature of the forest products industry. Historical
prices for logs and manufactured wood products have been
volatile, and we, like other participants in the forest products
industry, have limited direct influence over the time and extent
of price changes for logs and wood products. The demand for logs
and wood products is affected primarily by the level of new
residential construction activity and, to a lesser extent,
repair and remodeling activity and other industrial uses. The
demand for logs is also affected by the demand for wood chips in
the pulp and paper markets. These activities are, in turn,
subject to fluctuations due to, among other factors:

 •

 changes in domestic and international economic
 conditions;

 •

 interest rates;

 •

 population growth and changing
 demographics; and

 •

 seasonal weather cycles (e.g., dry summers,
 wet winters).

Decreases in the level of residential
construction activity generally reduce demand for logs and wood
products. This results in lower revenues, profits and cash
flows. In addition, industry-wide increases in the supply of
logs and wood

ELEVEN

Table of Contents

PART I/ITEM 1A

products during favorable price environments can
also lead to downward pressure on prices. Timber owners
generally increase production volumes for logs and wood products
during favorable price environments. Such increased production,
however, when coupled with even modest declines in demand for
these products in general, could lead to oversupply and lower
prices.

Our results of operations may also be subject to
global economic changes as global supplies of wood fiber shift
in response to changing economic conditions. Changes in global
economic conditions that could affect our results of operations
include, but are not limited to, new timber supply sources and
changes in currency exchange rates, foreign and domestic
interest rates and foreign and domestic trade policies.

In addition, changes in our ability to sell or
exchange non-strategic timberlands and timberland properties
that have higher and better uses at attractive prices, or
changes that adversely affect our ability to execute on certain
real estate development activities conducted through our taxable
REIT subsidiaries, could have a significant effect on our
results of operations.

The following factors, among others, may
adversely affect the timing and amount of our income generated
by our land sales or our real estate development activities:

 •

 general economic conditions;

 •

 availability of funding for governmental
 agencies, developers, conservation organizations, individuals
 and others to purchase our timberlands for conservation,
 recreation, residential or other purposes;

 •

 local real estate market conditions, such as
 oversupply of, or reduced demand for, properties sharing the
 same or similar characteristics as those in our portfolio;

 •

 competition from other sellers of land and real
 estate developers;

 •

 weather conditions or natural disasters having an
 adverse effect on our properties;

 •

 relative illiquidity of real estate investments;

 •

 changes in interest rates;

 •

 impact of federal, state and local land use and
 environmental protection laws;

 •

 changes in laws, regulations or the regulatory
 environment affecting tax, real estate and zoning; or

 •

 our ability to obtain all land use entitlements
 and other permits necessary for our development activities.

The Forest Products Industry is Highly
Competitive

The forest products industry is highly
competitive in terms of price and quality. Wood products are
subject to increasing competition from a variety of substitute
products, including non-wood and engineered wood products. For
example, plywood markets are subject to competition from
oriented strand board, and U.S. lumber and log markets are
subject to competition from other worldwide suppliers.

Historically, Canada has been a significant
source of lumber for the U.S. market, particularly in the
new home construction market. This source of lumber was
constrained in April 1996 when a five-year lumber trade
agreement between the U.S. and Canada went into effect. The
trade agreement was intended to limit the volume of Canadian
lumber exported into the U.S. through the assessment of an
export tariff on annual lumber exports to the U.S. in
excess of certain levels from the four major producing Canadian
provinces.

The trade agreement expired in March 2001, and
soon thereafter a U.S. industry coalition, of which Plum
Creek is a member, submitted anti-dumping and countervailing
duty petitions to the International Trade Commission and the
U.S. Department of Commerce. In March 2002, the Department
of Commerce rendered a final determination in favor of the
U.S. industry coalition and set a 19.3% countervailing duty
on Canadian lumber imports and an anti-dumping duty on all
non-investigated Canadian exporters averaging 9.7% (representing
the weighted average of the anti-dumping rates imposed on the
investigated Canadian exporters). The Department of Commerce
decreased these duties in April 2002 to 18.8% and 8.4%,
respectively, and in December 2004, it decreased them again to
16.4% and 3.8%, respectively. In December 2005, the
countervailing duty rate was reduced to 8.7% and the
anti-dumping duty was reduced to 2.1% for a combined duty of
10.8%. Due to strong demand for lumber in the U.S. and favorable
lumber prices, the duties have not thus far had the effect of
decreasing Canadian lumber imports’ share of the
U.S. market. It is uncertain whether Canada’s share of
the U.S. market would be adversely affected by import
duties in times of weaker domestic demand for lumber.

TWELVE

Table of Contents

PART I/ITEM 1A

The future of the U.S.-imposed import duties on
Canadian lumber remains uncertain. While the WTO and NAFTA
appeal boards have issued rulings on Canadian challenges to the
duties that affirm the U.S. position regarding a Canadian
subsidy on stumpage, the rulings also included provisions for
re-examining the calculation and level of the duties. In
September 2005, the NAFTA panel remanded to the Department of
Commerce its subsidy calculation upon which the duties are based
with instructions to make a “de minimus” calculation.
In response, the Department of Commerce issued a subsidy
calculation of 0.8% in November 2005, which could result in the
elimination of the countervailing duty by as early as September
2006. The U.S. industry coalition has challenged the
Department of Commerce subsidy calculation to a NAFTA panel. If
the calculation is ultimately upheld, it is possible that the
countervailing duty could be eliminated entirely.

In addition, the NAFTA panel has ruled that the
International Trade Commission’s determination of injury to
U.S. industry from Canadian lumber imports, which is the
basis for imposing the duties, was not supported with
substantial evidence. The commission unsuccessfully appealed
this decision, and as a result, was directed to issue a “no
injury” opinion. The NAFTA decision was then unsuccessfully
appealed to an Extraordinary Challenge Committee under the NAFTA
dispute resolution process. Presently, the U.S. industry
coalition has initiated a constitutional challenge to a portion
of the NAFTA dispute resolution process. The ruling on this
challenge could have a material impact on the outcome of this
dispute.

The U.S. and representatives of the Canadian
government continue, from time to time, to pursue a settlement
agreement. However, there can be no assurance that an agreement
will be reached, or that the terms of any such final agreement
would be favorable to the U.S. lumber industry’s
interests. Likewise, there can be no assurance that the ultimate
legal resolution of this dispute will be on terms favorable to
the U.S. industry’s interest. Therefore, other factors
remaining unchanged, any downward pressure on domestic lumber
and log prices caused by Canadian imports could continue or
increase, particularly during periods of weak lumber demand.

Our Cash Dividends are Not Guaranteed and May
Fluctuate

We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under
sections 856-860 of the United States Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended. Generally, REITs are required to distribute
90% of their taxable income. However, REITs are required to
distribute only their ordinary taxable income and not their net
capital gains income. Accordingly, we do not believe that we are
required to distribute material amounts of cash given that
substantially all our taxable income is treated as capital gains
income. To the extent capital gains income is not distributed to
shareholders, a REIT would be subject to a 35% Federal corporate
income tax, and applicable state income taxes, on the
undistributed capital gain income. In addition, the shareholders
would be required to report their share of the retained capital
gains income on their respective income tax returns, but would
receive a refundable tax credit for their share of the tax paid
at the corporate level.

Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion,
determines the amount of the quarterly dividends (including the
determination of whether to retain net capital gains income) to
be provided to our stockholders based on consideration of a
number of factors including, but not limited to, our results of
operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic
conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other
factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose
limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and
divestitures, harvest levels, changes in the price and demand
for our products and general market demand for timberlands
including those timberland properties that have higher and
better uses. Consequently, our dividend levels may fluctuate.

We May Be Unsuccessful in Carrying Out Our
Acquisition Strategy

We intend to pursue acquisitions of strategic
timberland properties. As with any investment, our future
acquisitions, if any, may not perform in accordance with our
expectations. In addition, we anticipate financing such
acquisitions through cash from operations, borrowings under our
unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from equity or debt
offerings (including offerings of limited partnership units by
our operating partnership) or proceeds from asset dispositions,
or any combination thereof. Our inability to finance future
acquisitions on favorable terms or the failure of any
acquisitions to conform to our expectations, could adversely
affect our results of operations.

We Depend on External Sources of Capital for
Future Growth

Our ability to finance growth is dependent to a
significant degree on external sources of capital. Our ability
to access such capital on favorable terms could be hampered by a
number of factors, many of which are outside of our control,
including, without limitation, a decline in general market
conditions, increases in interest rates, an unfavorable market
perception of our growth potential, a decrease in our current or
estimated future earnings or a decrease in the

THIRTEEN

Table of Contents

PART I/ITEM 1A

market price of our common stock. In addition,
our ability to access additional capital may also be limited by
the terms of our existing indebtedness, which, among other
things, restricts our incurrence of debt and the payment of
dividends. Any of these factors, individually or in combination,
could prevent us from being able to obtain the capital we
require on terms that are acceptable to us, and the failure to
obtain necessary capital could materially adversely affect our
future growth.

Our Ability to Harvest Timber May Be Subject
to Limitations Which Could Adversely Affect Our
Operations

Weather conditions, timber growth cycles, access
limitations, availability of contract loggers, and regulatory
requirements associated with the protection of wildlife and
water resources may restrict harvesting of timberlands as may
other factors, including damage by fire, insect infestation,
disease, prolonged drought and other natural disasters. Although
damage from such natural causes usually is localized and affects
only a limited percentage of the timber, there can be no
assurance that any damage affecting our timberlands will in fact
be so limited. As is common in the forest products industry, we
do not maintain insurance coverage with respect to damage to our
timberlands.

Our revenues, net income and cash flow from our
operations are dependent to a significant extent on the pricing
of our products and our continued ability to harvest timber at
adequate levels. In addition, the terms of our long-term debt
agreements and line of credit limit our ability to fund
dividends to stockholders by accelerating the harvest of
significant amounts of timber.

Our Timberlands and Manufacturing Facilities
Are Subject to Federal and State Environmental
Regulations

We are subject to regulation under, among other
laws, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the National
Environmental Policy Act, and the Endangered Species Act, as
well as comparable state laws and regulations. Violations of
various statutory and regulatory programs that apply to our
operations could result in civil penalties, remediation
expenses, potential injunctions, cease and desist orders and
criminal penalties.

We engage in the following activities that are
subject to regulation:

 •

 forestry activities, including harvesting,
 planting and road building, use and maintenance;

 •

 the generation of air emissions;

 •

 the discharge of industrial wastewater and storm
 water; and

 •

 the generation and disposal of both hazardous and
 non-hazardous wastes.

Laws and regulations protecting the environment
have generally become more stringent in recent years and could
become more stringent in the future. Some environmental statutes
impose strict liability, rendering a person liable for
environmental damage without regard to the person’s
negligence or fault. These laws or future legislation or
administrative or judicial action with respect to protection of
the environment may adversely affect our business.

The Endangered Species Act and comparable state
laws protect species threatened with possible extinction. A
number of species on our timberlands have been and in the future
may be protected under these laws. Protection of threatened and
endangered species may include restrictions on timber
harvesting, road building and other forest practices on private,
federal and state land containing the affected species.

STOCK OWNERSHIP

Provisions in Our Certificate of Incorporation
and Delaware Law May Prevent a Change in Control

Some provisions of our certificate of
incorporation may discourage a third party from seeking to gain
control of us. For example, the ownership limitations described
in our certificate of incorporation could have the effect of
delaying, deferring, or limiting a change of control in which
holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their
shares over the then prevailing market price. The following is a
summary of provisions of our certificate of incorporation that
may have this effect.

Ownership
Limit.

 In order for us to
maintain our qualification as a REIT, not more than 50% of the
value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned,
directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, as defined
in the Internal Revenue Code. For the purpose of preserving our
REIT qualification, our certificate of incorporation prohibits
ownership, either directly or under the applicable attribution
rules of the Internal Revenue Code, of more than 5% of the
lesser of the total number of shares of our common stock
outstanding or the value of the outstanding shares of our common
stock by any stockholder other than by some designated persons
agreed to by us or as set

FOURTEEN

Table of Contents

PART I/ITEM 1A

forth in our certificate of incorporation (the
“Ownership Limit”). The Ownership Limit may have the
effect of discouraging an acquisition of control of us without
the approval of our Board of Directors.

The Ownership Limit in our certificate of
incorporation also restricts the transfer of our common stock.
For example, any transfer of our equity is null and void if the
transfer would:

 •

 result in any person owning, directly or
 indirectly, equity in excess of the Ownership Limit;

 •

 result in our equity being owned, directly or
 indirectly, by fewer than 100 persons;

 •

 result in us being “closely held” (as
 defined in the Internal Revenue Code);

 •

 result in us failing to qualify as a
 “domestically controlled REIT” (as defined in the
 Internal Revenue Code); or

 •

 otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT.

Preferred
Stock.

 Our certificate of
incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to
75 million shares of preferred stock. Upon issuance, our
Board of Directors will establish the preferences and rights for
this preferred stock. These preferences and rights may include
the right to elect additional directors. The issuance of
preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in control of us even if a change in control were in
our stockholders’ best interests.

Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

 Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law generally prohibits us
from engaging in business transactions with a person or entity
that owns 15% or more of our voting stock for a period of three
years following the time such person or entity became an
“interested stockholder” unless, prior to such time,
our Board of Directors approved either the business combination
or the transaction which resulted in such person or entity
becoming an interested stockholder. A business transaction may
include mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in
financial benefit to the person or entity that owns 15% or more
of our voting stock.

TAX RISKS

If We Fail to Qualify as a REIT, We Would Be
Subject to Tax at Corporate Rates and Would Not Be Able to
Deduct Dividends to Stockholders When Computing Our Taxable
Income

If in any taxable year we fail to qualify as a
REIT:

 •

 we would be subject to federal and state income
 tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates;

 •

 we would not be allowed to deduct dividends to
 stockholders in computing our taxable income; and

 •

 unless we were entitled to relief under the
 Internal Revenue Code, we would also be disqualified from
 treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the
 year during which we lost qualification.

If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we might need
to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay
the additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for
investment or dividends to our stockholders would be reduced for
each of the years involved.

Qualification as a REIT involves the application
of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code to our operations and the determination of various
factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our
control. There are only limited judicial or administrative
interpretations of these provisions. Although we operate in a
manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules, we cannot
assure you that we are or will remain so qualified.

In addition, federal and state tax laws are
constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative
process, the Internal Revenue Service, the United States
Department of the Treasury, and state taxing authorities.
Changes to the tax law could adversely affect our stockholders.
We cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms,
or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or
our stockholders may be changed.

If We Failed to Distribute the Earnings and
Profits of The Timber Company, We Would Be Subject to Adverse
Tax Consequences

In connection with The Timber Company’s
October 6, 2001, merger with Plum Creek, we were required
by January 31, 2002, to distribute the earnings and profits
acquired from the six entities that comprised The Timber
Company. We believe that the accelerated payment of our fourth
quarter dividend for 2001, which we paid on December 28,
2001, was sufficient to distribute these earnings and profits.
If we failed to distribute an amount equal to these earnings and
profits, we might be subject to adverse tax consequences. We
expect that, even if the earnings and profits were subsequently
adjusted upward by the Internal Revenue Service, the amount we
distributed exceeded

FIFTEEN

Table of Contents

PART I/ITEM 4

such earnings and profits. Nevertheless, such an
adjustment may give rise to the imposition of the 4% excise tax
on the excess income required to be distributed over the amounts
treated as distributed after application of the earnings and
profits rule.

Certain of Our Business Activities are
Potentially Subject to Prohibited Transactions Tax or
Corporate-Level Income Tax

Under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs must
generally engage in the ownership and management of income
producing real estate. For Plum Creek, this generally includes
owning and managing a timberland portfolio for the production
and sale of standing timber. Accordingly, the manufacture and
sale by us of wood products, the harvesting and sale of logs,
and the development and/or sale of certain timberlands are
conducted through one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries
(“TRSs”) because such activities could generate
non-qualifying REIT income and could constitute “prohibited
transactions.” Prohibited transactions are defined by the
Internal Revenue Code to be sales or other dispositions of
property to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or
business. By conducting our business in this manner we believe
that we satisfy the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue
Code and are not subject to the 100% tax that could be imposed
if a REIT were to conduct a prohibited transaction. We may not
always be successful, however, in limiting such activities to
our TRSs. Therefore, we could be subject to the 100% prohibited
transactions tax if such instances were to occur. The net income
of our TRSs is subject to corporate-level income tax.