Our growth strategy includes business acquisitions with associated risks.

Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of strategic operations. In recent years, we have completed a number of

acquisition transactions. We expect that we will continue to seek acquisitions of complementary businesses, products and

technologies to add products and services for our core customer base and for related markets, and to expand each of our

businesses geographically. The success of completed transactions will depend on our ability to integrate

assets and personnel and to apply our manufacturing processes and controls to the acquired businesses. Although our

acquisition strategy generally emphasizes the retention of key management of the acquired businesses and an ability of the

acquired business to continue to operate independently, various changes may be required to integrate the acquired businesses

into our operations, to assimilate new employees and to implement reporting, monitoring and forecasting procedures. Business

acquisitions entail a number of other risks, including:

• inaccurate assessment of liabilities;

• entry into markets in which we may have limited or no experience;

• diversion of management's attention from our existing businesses;

• difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings;

• decrease in our cash or an increase in our indebtedness and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital

 when needed; and

• risks associated with investments where we do not have full operational control.

Our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could cause us to incur increased expenses or to fail to realize the

benefits we anticipated from the transactions.

We operate in cyclical markets.

A significant portion of our revenues are derived from the highly cyclical aerospace and power generation markets. Our sales to the aerospace industry constituted 
57 percent
 of our total sales in fiscal 
2011
. Our power sales constituted 
22 percent
 of our total sales in fiscal 
2011
.

The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and international commercial aviation industries continue to face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of U.S. and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns and environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operators. The military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy, the retirement of older aircraft and technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Accordingly, the timing, duration and severity of cyclical upturns and downturns cannot be forecast with certainty. Downturns or reductions in demand could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The power generation market is also cyclical in nature. Demand for power generation products is global and is affected by the state of the U.S. and world economies, the availability of financing to power generation project sponsors, the political environments of numerous countries and environmental constraints imposed upon power project operators. The availability of fuels and related prices also have a large impact on demand. Reductions in demand for our power generation products could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We also sell products and services to customers in the automotive, chemical and petrochemical, medical, industrial process, and other general industrial markets. Each of these markets is cyclical in nature. Customer demand for our products or services in these markets may fluctuate widely depending upon U.S. and world economic conditions, the availability of financing and industry-specific factors. Cyclical declines or sustained weakness in any of these markets could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business is dependent on a small number of direct and indirect customers.

A substantial portion of our business is conducted with a relatively small number of large direct and indirect customers, including General Electric Company, United Technologies Corporation, Rolls Royce plc, and The Boeing Company. General Electric accounted for approximately 
13 percent
 of our total sales for fiscal 
2011
. No other customer directly accounted for more than 10 percent of total sales; however, United Technologies, Rolls Royce and Boeing are also considered key customers. A financial hardship experienced by any one of these four customers, the loss of any of them, or a reduction in or substantial delay of orders from any of them, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Additionally, a significant portion of our aerospace products are ultimately used in the production of new commercial 

11

Table of Contents

aircraft. There are only two primary manufacturers of large commercial aircraft in the world, Boeing and Airbus. A significant portion of our aerospace sales are dependent on the number of new aircraft built by these two manufacturers, which is in turn dependent on a number of factors over which we have little or no control. Those factors include the demand for new aircraft from airlines around the globe and factors that impact manufacturing capabilities such as the availability of raw materials and manufactured components, changes in the regulatory environment and labor relations between the aircraft manufacturers and their work forces. A significant interruption or slow down of the number of new aircraft built by aircraft manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Sales to the military sector constituted approximately 13 percent of our fiscal 
2011
 sales. Defense spending is subject to appropriations and to political pressures that influence which programs are funded and those which are cancelled. Reductions in domestic or foreign defense budgets or military aircraft procurement, delays in funding, or reprioritization of government spending away from defense programs in which we participate could adversely affect our business. 

Our business depends, in part, on the success of new commercial and military aircraft programs.

The success of our business will depend, in part, on the success of new commercial and military aircraft programs including the Boeing 787, Boeing 747-8, Airbus A350, Airbus A380, and F-35 programs. We are currently under contract to supply components for a number of new commercial, general aviation, and military aircraft programs. Cancellation, reductions or delays of orders or contracts by our customers on any of these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The competitive nature of our business results in pressure for price concessions to our customers and increased pressure to reduce our costs.

We are subject to substantial competition in all of the markets we serve, and we expect this competition to continue. As a result, we have made significant long term price concessions to our customers in the aerospace and power generation markets from time to time, and we expect customer pressure for further long term price concessions to continue. Maintenance of our market share will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our costs relative to our pricing, our profitability will suffer. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure will be a key determinate of future profitability and competitiveness.

Our business is dependent on a number of raw materials that are subject to volatility in price and availability.

We use a number of raw materials in our products, including certain metals such as nickel, titanium, cobalt, tantalum and molybdenum and various rare earth elements, which are found in only a few parts of the world and are available from a limited number of suppliers. The availability and costs of these metals and elements may be influenced by private or government cartels, changes in world politics, labor relations between the producers and their work forces, unstable governments in exporting nations, export quotas imposed by governments in countries with rare earth element supplies, market forces of supply and demand, and inflation. These metals and rare earth elements are required for the alloys or processes used or manufactured in our investment castings, forged products and fasteners segments. We have escalation clauses for nickel, titanium and other metals in a number of our long-term contracts with major customers, but we are not usually able to fully offset the effects of changes in raw material costs. We also employ “price-in-effect” metal pricing in our alloy production businesses to lock-in the current cost of metal at the time of production or time of shipment. The ability of key metal suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements can also impact our ability to meet commitments to customers. Future shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could result in decreased sales and margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business. The enactment of new or increased import duties on raw materials imported by us could also increase the costs to us of obtaining the raw materials and might adversely affect our business.

Our business is affected by federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors.

A number of our products are manufactured and sold under U.S. government contracts or subcontracts. Consequently, we are directly and indirectly subject to various federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. From time to time, we are also subject to government inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in government programs. These inquiries and investigations are costly and consuming of internal resources. Violation of applicable government rules and regulations could result in civil liability, in cancellation or suspension of existing contracts or in ineligibility for future contracts or subcontracts funded in whole or in part with federal funds, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business is subject to environmental regulations and related liabilities and liabilities associated with chemicals and substances in the workplace.

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, water discharges, air emissions, hazardous material and waste management and environmental cleanup. Environmental laws 

12

Table of Contents

and regulations continue to evolve and we may become subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly under air quality and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues, such as reporting of greenhouse gas emissions. We are required to comply with environmental laws and the terms and conditions of multiple environmental permits. Failure to comply with these laws or permits could result in fines and penalties, interruption of manufacturing operations, or the need to install pollution control equipment that could be costly. We also may be required to make additional expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental matters on an ongoing basis. We also own properties, or conduct or have conducted operations at properties, where hazardous materials have been used for many years, including during periods before careful management of these materials was required or generally believed to be necessary. Consequently, we will continue to be subject to environmental laws that impose liability for historical releases of hazardous substances. 

Our financial statements include reserves for future costs arising from environmental issues relating to our properties and operations. Our accruals for known environmental liabilities represent our best estimate of our probable future obligations for the investigation and remediation of known contaminated sites. Our accruals include asserted and unasserted claims. The estimates of our environmental costs are based on currently available facts, present laws and regulations and current technology and take into consideration our prior experience in site investigation and remediation, the data available for each site, and the professional judgment of our environmental specialists and consultants. Although recorded liabilities include our best estimate of all probable costs, our total costs for the final settlement of each site cannot be predicted with certainty due to the variety of factors that make potential costs associated with contaminated sites inherently uncertain, such as: the nature and extent of site contamination, available remediation alternatives, the extent to which remedial actions will be required, the time period over which costs will be incurred, the number and economic viability of other responsible parties, and whether we have any opportunity of contribution from third parties, including recovery from insurance policies. In addition, sites that are in the early stages of investigation are subject to greater uncertainties than mature sites that are close to completion. Although the sites we identify vary across the spectrum, approximately half of our sites could be considered at an early stage of the investigation and remediation process. Therefore, our cost estimates and the accruals associated with those sites are subject to greater uncertainties. Environmental contingent liabilities are often resolved over a long period of time and the timing of expenditures depends on a number of factors that vary by site. We expect that we will expend present accruals over many years and that remediation of all currently known sites will be completed within 30 years. While it is possible that a significant portion of the accrued costs may be paid out over the next ten years, we anticipate that no individual site will be considered to be material. We cannot ensure that our reserves are adequate to cover the total cost of remedial measures that may eventually be required by environmental authorities with respect to known environmental matters or the cost of claims that may be asserted in the future with respect to environmental matters about which we are not yet aware. Accordingly, the costs of environmental remediation or claims may exceed the amounts reserved. 

We have been named as a PRP at sites identified by the EPA and state regulatory agencies for investigation and remediation under CERCLA and similar state statutes. Under common law, as applied in the environmental remediation context, potentially responsible parties may be jointly and severally liable, and therefore we may be potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities or former facilities or at third-party sites where we have been designated a PRP. In estimating our current reserves for environmental matters, we have assumed that we will not bear the entire cost of remediation of every site to the exclusion of other PRPs who may be jointly and severally liable. It is also possible that we will be designated a PRP at additional sites in the future. 

Like many other industrial companies in recent years, we are defendants in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to chemicals and substances in the workplace, including asbestos. To date, we have been dismissed from a number of these suits and have settled a number of others. The outcome of litigation such as this is difficult to predict and a judicial decision unfavorable to us could be rendered, possibly having a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with international operations.

We purchase products from and supply products to businesses located outside of the United States. We also have significant operations located outside the United States. In fiscal 
2011
, approximately 
17 percent
 of our total sales were attributable to our non-U.S. subsidiaries. A number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including:

•

fluctuations in U.S. dollar value arising from transactions denominated in foreign currencies and the translation of certain foreign currency subsidiary balances;

•

difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations;

•

general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we or our customers operate;

•

limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies;

•

restrictions on the repatriation of funds;

13

Table of Contents

•

changes in trade policies;

•

tariff regulations;

•

difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses; 

•

the risk of government financed competition; and

•

compliance with a variety of international laws as well as U.S. and other laws affecting the activities of companies abroad.

A majority of our sales of extruded pipe for the power generation market have been exported to power generation customers in China and India. These sales are subject to the risks associated with international sales generally. In addition, changes in demand could result from a reduction of power plant build rates in China or India due to economic conditions or otherwise, or increased competition from local manufacturers who have cost advantages or who may be preferred suppliers. Also, with respect to China, Chinese commercial laws, regulations and interpretations applicable to non-Chinese market participants such as us are rapidly changing. These laws, regulations and interpretations could impose restrictions on our ownership or operations of our interests in China and have a material adverse effect on our business.

Any lower than expected rating of our bank debt and debt securities could adversely affect our business.

Two rating agencies, Moody's and Standard & Poor's (“S&P”), rate our debt securities. Both agencies upgraded our debt rating during fiscal 2011. If the rating agencies were to reduce their current ratings, our interest expense may increase and the instruments governing our indebtedness could impose additional restrictions on our ability to make capital expenditures or otherwise limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate or our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. These modifications also could require us to meet more stringent financial ratios and tests or could require us to grant a security interest in our assets to secure the indebtedness. Our ability to comply with covenants contained in the instruments governing our existing and future indebtedness may be affected by events and circumstances beyond our control. If we breach any of these covenants, one or more events of default, including cross-defaults between multiple components of our indebtedness, could result. These events of default could permit our creditors to declare all amounts owing to be immediately due and payable, and terminate any commitments to make further extensions of credit. 

Our production may be interrupted due to equipment failures or other events affecting our factories.

Our manufacturing processes depend on certain sophisticated and high-value equipment, such as some of our forging presses for which there may be only limited or no production alternatives. Unexpected failures of this equipment could result in production delays, revenue loss and significant repair costs. In addition, our factories rely on the availability of electrical power and natural gas, transportation for raw materials and finished product, and employee access to our workplace that are subject to interruption in the event of severe weather conditions or other natural or manmade events. While we maintain backup resources to the extent practicable, a severe or prolonged equipment outage or other interruptive event affecting areas where we have significant manufacturing operations may result in loss of manufacturing or shipping days which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Natural or manmade events that interrupt significant manufacturing operations of our customers also could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We could be faced with labor shortages, disruptions or stoppages if our relations with our employees were to deteriorate.

Our operations rely heavily on our skilled employees. Any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by any deterioration in employee relations or difficulties in the renegotiation of labor contracts could reduce our operating margins and income. Approximately 23 percent of our employees are affiliated with unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. Failure to negotiate a new labor agreement when required could result in a work stoppage. Although we believe that our labor relations have generally been satisfactory, it is possible that we could become subject to additional work rules imposed by agreements with labor unions, or that work stoppages or other labor disturbances could occur in the future, any of which could reduce our operating margins and income and place us at a disadvantage relative to non-union competitors.

Product liability and product warranty risks could adversely affect our operating results.

We produce many critical parts for commercial and military aircraft and for high pressure applications in power plants. Failure of our parts could give rise to substantial product liability claims. We maintain insurance addressing this risk, but there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage will be adequate or will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. We

manufacture our parts to strict contractually-established standards and tolerances using complex manufacturing processes. If we

fail to meet the contractual requirements for a product we may be subject to product warranty costs and claims. Product

warranty costs are generally not insured.

14

Table of Contents

We could be required to make additional contributions to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and pension investments.

Our estimates of liabilities and expenses for pensions and other postretirement benefits incorporate significant assumptions including the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and assumptions relating to the employee workforce including salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality. Our results of operations, liquidity, or shareholders' equity in a particular period could be affected by a decline in the rate of return on plan assets, the rate used to discount the future estimated liabilities, or changes in employee workforce assumptions. We may have to contribute more cash to various pension plans and record higher pension-related expenses in future periods as a result of decreases in the value of investments held by these plans. 

A global recession or disruption in global financial markets could adversely affect us.

A global recession or disruption in the global financial markets presents risks and uncertainties that we cannot predict. During the recent recession, we saw a moderate decline in demand for our products due to global economic conditions. However, our access to credit to finance our operations was not materially limited. If recessionary economic conditions were to return, we would face risks that may include: 

•

declines in revenues and profitability from reduced or delayed orders by our customers;

•

supply problems associated with any financial constraints faced by our suppliers;

•

restrictions on our access to short-term commercial paper borrowings or other credit sources;

•

reductions to our banking group or to our committed credit availability due to combinations or failures of financial institutions; and

•

increases in corporate tax rates to finance government spending programs.