Our growth strategy includes
business acquisitions with associated risks. 

In fiscal 2009, we completed the acquisition of Airdrome Holdings LLC,
Fatigue Technology, Inc. and Hackney Ladish Holding Corp., and in fiscal 2010 we completed the acquisition of Carlton Forge Works and Arcturus Manufacturing Corporation and the acquisition of a 49% interest in Yangzhou Chengde Steel Pipe Co, Ltd. We
expect that we will continue to seek acquisitions of complementary businesses, products and technologies to add products and services for our core customer base and for related markets, and to expand each of our businesses geographically. Our
ability to complete acquisitions may be limited if necessary financing is difficult to access, unavailable or too costly to support a transaction. The success of completed transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel and
to apply our manufacturing processes and controls to the acquired businesses. Although our acquisition strategy generally emphasizes the retention of key management of the acquired businesses and an ability of the acquired business to continue to
operate independently, various changes may be required to integrate the acquired businesses into our operations, to assimilate new employees and to implement reporting, monitoring and forecasting procedures. Business acquisitions entail a number of
other risks, including: 

•

 inaccurate assessment of liabilities; 

•

 entry into markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from our existing businesses; 

•

 difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; and 

•

 decrease in our cash or an increase in our indebtedness and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital when needed.

Our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could cause us to incur increased expenses or to
fail to realize the benefits we anticipated from the transactions. 

12 

Table of Contents

We operate in cyclical markets. 

A significant portion of our revenues are derived from the highly cyclical aerospace and power generation markets. Our sales to the
aerospace industry constituted 54 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2010. Our power sales constituted 27 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2010. 

The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and
international commercial aviation industries continue to face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the
state of U.S. and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns and environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft
operators. The military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy, the retirement of older
aircraft and technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Accordingly, the timing, duration and severity of cyclical upturns and downturns cannot be forecast with certainty. Downturns or reductions in demand could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

The power generation market is also cyclical in nature. Demand for power generation
products is global and is affected by the state of the U.S. and world economies, the availability of financing to power generation project sponsors, the political environments of numerous countries and environmental constraints imposed upon power
project operators. The availability of fuels and related prices also have a large impact on demand. Reductions in demand for our power generation products could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We also sell products and services to customers in the automotive, medical, chemical and petrochemical, pulp and paper, and other general
industrial markets. Each of these markets is cyclical in nature. Customer demand for our products or services in these markets may fluctuate widely depending upon U.S. and world economic conditions, the availability of financing and
industry-specific factors. Cyclical declines or sustained weakness in any of these markets could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is dependent on a small number of direct and indirect customers. 

A substantial portion of our business is conducted with a relatively small number of large direct customers, including General Electric
Company, United Technologies Corporation, Rolls Royce plc, and The Boeing Company. General Electric accounted for approximately 13.9 percent of our total sales for fiscal 2010. No other customer directly accounted for more than 10 percent of total
sales; however, United Technologies, Rolls Royce and Boeing are also considered key customers. A financial hardship experienced by any one of these four customers, the loss of any of them, or a reduction in or substantial delay of orders from any of
them, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Additionally, a significant portion of our aerospace products are
ultimately used in the production of new commercial aircraft. There are only two primary manufacturers of large commercial aircraft in the world, Boeing and Airbus. A significant portion of our aerospace sales are dependent on the number of new
aircraft built by these two manufacturers, which is in turn dependent on a number of factors over which we have little or no control. Those factors include the demand for new aircraft from airlines around the globe and factors that impact
manufacturing capabilities such as the availability of raw materials and manufactured components, changes in the regulatory environment and labor relations between the aircraft manufacturers and their work forces. A significant interruption or slow
down of the number of new aircraft built by aircraft manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Sales to the military sector constituted approximately 16 percent of our fiscal 2010 sales. Defense spending is subject to appropriations
and to political pressures that influence which programs are funded and those which are cancelled. Reductions in domestic or foreign defense budgets or military aircraft procurement, delays in funding, or reprioritization of government spending away
from defense programs in which we participate could adversely affect our business. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our business depends, in part, on the success of new commercial and military aircraft programs.

The success of our business will depend, in part, on the success of new commercial and military aircraft programs
including the Boeing 787, Airbus A350, Airbus A380, and F-35 programs. We are currently under contract to supply components for a number of new commercial, general aviation, and military aircraft programs. Cancellation, reductions or delays of
orders or contracts by our customers on any of these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The competitive
nature of our business results in pressure for price concessions to our customers and increased pressure to reduce our costs. 

We are subject to substantial competition in all of the markets we serve, and we expect this competition to continue. As a result, we
have made significant long term price concessions to our customers in the aerospace and power generation markets from time to time, and we expect customer pressure for further long term price concessions to continue. Maintenance of our market share
will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our costs relative to our pricing, our profitability will suffer. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure
will be a key determinate of future profitability and competitiveness. 

Our business is dependent on a number of raw materials that are
subject to volatility in price and availability. 

We use a number of raw materials in our products, including certain
metals such as nickel, titanium, cobalt, tantalum and molybdenum, which are found in only a few parts of the world and are available from a limited number of suppliers. The availability and costs of these metals may be influenced by private or
government cartels, changes in world politics, labor relations between the metal producers and their work force, unstable governments in exporting nations and inflation. These metals are required for the alloys used or manufactured in our investment
castings, forged products and fasteners segments. We have escalation clauses for nickel, titanium and other metals in a number of our long-term contracts with major customers, but we are not usually able to fully offset the effects of changes in raw
material costs. We also employ “price-in-effect” metal pricing in our alloy production businesses to lock-in the current cost of metal at the time of production or time of shipment. The ability of key metal suppliers to meet quality and
delivery requirements can also impact our ability to meet commitments to customers. Future shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could result in decreased sales as well as margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business. The enactment
of new or increased import duties on raw materials imported by us could also increase the costs to us of obtaining the raw materials and might adversely affect our business. 

Our business is affected by federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. 

A number of our products are manufactured and sold under U.S. government contracts or subcontracts. Consequently, we are directly and
indirectly subject to various federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. From time to time, we are also subject to government inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in
government programs. These inquiries and investigations are costly and consuming of internal resources. Violation of applicable government rules and regulations could result in civil liability, in cancellation or suspension of existing contracts or
in ineligibility for future contracts or subcontracts funded in whole or in part with federal funds, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is subject to environmental regulations and related liabilities and liabilities associated with chemicals and substances in the
workplace. 

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign environmental laws and regulations concerning, among
other things, water discharges, air emissions, hazardous material and waste management and environmental cleanup. Environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve and we may become subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in
the future, particularly under air quality and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues, such as reporting of greenhouse gas emissions. We are required to comply with environmental laws and the terms and conditions of
multiple environmental permits. Failure to comply with these 

14 

Table of Contents

laws or permits could result in fines and penalties, interruption of manufacturing operations, or the need to install pollution control equipment that could be costly. We also may be required to
make additional expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental matters on an ongoing basis. We also own properties, or conduct or have conducted operations at properties, where hazardous materials have been used for many years,
including during periods before careful management of these materials was required or generally believed to be necessary. Consequently, we will continue to be subject to environmental laws that impose liability for historical releases of hazardous
substances. 

Our financial statements include reserves for future costs arising from environmental issues relating to our