We may encounter difficulties associated with integration
of acquired businesses and fail to realize anticipated benefits, and acquisitions could subject us to a number of operational risks. 

In May 2006, we acquired Special Metals Corporation. In February 2007, we completed the acquisitions of GSC Foundries, Inc. and Cherry Aerospace LLC. In April 2007, we completed the purchase of substantially all of the assets of McWilliams
Forge Company, Inc. In July 2007, we completed the acquisition of Caledonian Alloys Group Limited. We expect that we will continue to make acquisitions of, investments in, and strategic alliances with complementary businesses, products and
technologies to enable us to add products and services for our core customer base and for related markets, and to expand each of our businesses geographically. The success of those and prior transactions will depend on our ability to integrate
assets and personnel and to apply our manufacturing processes and controls to the acquired businesses. Although our acquisition strategy generally emphasizes the retention of key management of the acquired businesses and an ability of the acquired
business to continue to operate independently, various changes may be required to integrate the acquired businesses into our operations, to assimilate many new employees and to implement reporting, monitoring and forecasting procedures.
Implementation of this strategy entails a number of other risks, including: 

•

 inaccurate assessment of undisclosed liabilities; 

•

 entry into markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses; 

•

 difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; and 

•

 increase in our indebtedness and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital when needed. 

Our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could cause us to fail to realize the benefits we anticipated from the transactions.

We operate in cyclical markets. 

A significant portion of our revenues are derived from the highly cyclical aerospace and power generation markets. Our sales to the aerospace industry constituted 55 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2008, 53 percent of 

12 

Table of Contents

total sales in fiscal 2007 and 59 percent of total sales in fiscal 2006. Our power generation sales constituted 24 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2008,
21 percent of total sales in fiscal 2007 and 18 percent of total sales in fiscal 2006. 

The commercial aerospace industry is historically
driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and international commercial aviation industries continue to face challenges arising from competitive pressures and increased fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is
further influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, by the state of U.S. and world economies and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism and health and safety concerns. The military aerospace
cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy, the retirement of older aircraft and technological improvements
to new engines that increase reliability. Accordingly, the timing, duration and severity of cyclical upturns and downturns cannot be forecast with certainty. A future downturn or reduction in demand could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

The power generation market is also cyclical in nature. Demand for power generation products is global and is affected by the
state of the U.S. and world economies and the political environments of numerous countries. The availability of fuels and related prices also have a large impact on demand. Reductions in demand for our IGT products could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

In addition to the aerospace and power generation markets, we sell products and services to customers in the
automotive, medical, oil and gas, chemical and petrochemical, pulp and paper, and other general industrial markets. Each of these markets is cyclical in nature. Customer demand for our products or services in these markets may fluctuate widely
depending upon U.S. and world economic conditions and industry-specific factors. Cyclical declines or sustained weakness in any of these markets could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is dependent on a small number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our business is conducted with a relatively small number of large customers, including General Electric Company, United Technologies Corporation and Rolls Royce plc. General Electric accounted
for approximately 12 percent, 12 percent and 17 percent of our total sales for fiscal 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of total sales; however, United Technologies and Rolls Royce are also
considered our key customers. A financial hardship experienced by any one of these three customers, the loss of any of them, or a reduction in or substantial delay of orders from any of them, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Sales to the military sector constituted approximately 12 percent, 13 percent and 17 percent of our fiscal 2008, 2007 and 2006 sales,
respectively. Defense spending is subject to appropriations and to political pressures that influence which programs are funded and those which are cancelled. Reductions in domestic or foreign defense budgets or military aircraft procurement or
delays in funding could adversely affect our business. 

Our business depends, in part, on the demand for and market acceptance of new commercial and
military aircraft programs. 

The success of our business will depend, in part, on the success of new commercial and military
aircraft programs including the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A380 programs. We are currently under contract to supply components for a number of new commercial, general aviation, and military aircraft programs. Cancellation, reductions or delays of
orders or contracts by our customers on any of these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The competitive nature of our
business results in pressure for price concessions to our customers and increased pressure to reduce our costs. 

We are subject to
substantial competition in all of the markets we serve, and we expect this competition to continue. As a result, we have made significant long term price concessions to our customers in the aerospace and power generation markets from time to time,
and we expect customer pressure for further long term price concessions to continue. Maintenance of our profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost 

13 

Table of Contents

structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our costs relative to our pricing, or if we are unable to continue to compete
effectively, our business will suffer. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure will be a key determinate of future profitability and competitiveness. 

Our business is dependent on a number of raw materials that are subject to volatility in price and availability. 

We
use a number of raw materials in our products, including certain metals such as cobalt, titanium, nickel, tantalum and molybdenum, which are found in only a few parts of the world and are available from a limited number of suppliers. The
availability and costs of these metals may be influenced by private or government cartels, changes in world politics, unstable governments in exporting nations and inflation. These metals are required for the alloys used or manufactured in our
investment castings, forged products and fasteners segments. We have escalation clauses for nickel, titanium and other metals in a number of our long-term contracts with major customers, but we are not usually able to fully offset the effects of
changes in raw material costs. We also employ “price-in-effect” metal pricing in our alloy production businesses to lock-in the current cost of metal at the time of production. The ability of key metal suppliers to meet quality and
delivery requirements can also impact our ability to meet commitments to customers. Future shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could result in decreased sales as well as margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business. The enactment
of new or increased import duties on raw materials imported by us could also increase the costs to us of obtaining the raw materials and might adversely affect our business. 

Our business is affected by federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. 

A number of our products are manufactured and sold under U.S. government contracts or subcontracts. Consequently, we are directly and indirectly subject to various federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to
government contractors. From time to time, we are also subject to government inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in government programs. These inquiries and investigations are costly and consuming of
internal resources. Violation of applicable government rules and regulations could result in civil liability, in cancellation or suspension of existing contracts or in ineligibility for future contracts or subcontracts funded in whole or in part
with federal funds, any of which could have a material adverse effect. 

Our business is subject to environmental regulations and related liabilities
and liabilities associated with chemicals and substances in the workplace. 

We are subject to various federal and state
environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, water discharges, air emissions, hazardous material and waste management and environmental cleanup. Environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve and we may become subject to
increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future (particularly under air quality and water quality laws). We are required to comply with environmental laws and the terms and conditions of multiple environmental permits. Failure to comply
with these laws or permits could result in fines and penalties or the need to install pollution control equipment that could be costly. We also may be required to make additional expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental
matters on an ongoing basis. We also own properties, or conduct or have conducted operations at properties, where hazardous materials have been used for many years, including during periods before careful management of these materials was required
or generally believed to be necessary. Consequently, we will continue to be subject to environmental laws that impose liability for historical releases of hazardous substances. 

Our financial statements include reserves for future costs arising from environmental issues relating to our properties and operations. Our accruals for
known environmental liabilities represent our best estimate of our probable future obligations for the investigation and remediation of known contaminated sites. Our accruals include asserted and unasserted claims. Our actual future expenditures,
however, relating to compliance and cleanup of environmental conditions at our properties cannot be conclusively determined. The estimate of our environmental costs is based on currently available facts, present laws and regulations and current
technology and take into consideration our prior experience in site investigation and remediation, the data available for each site, and the professional judgment of our environmental specialists and consultants. Although recorded liabilities
include our best estimate of all probable costs, our total costs for the final settlement of each site cannot be predicted with certainty due to the variety of factors that make potential costs associated with contaminated sites inherently
uncertain, such as: 

14 

Table of Contents

the nature and extent of site contamination, available remediation alternatives, the extent to which remedial actions will be required, the time period over
which costs will be incurred, the number and economic viability of other responsible parties, and whether we have any opportunity of contribution from third parties, including recovery from insurance policies. In addition, sites that are in the
early stages of investigation are subject to greater uncertainties than mature sites that are close to completion. Although the sites we identify vary across the spectrum, approximately half of our sites could be considered at an early stage of the
investigation and remediation process. Therefore, our cost estimates and the accruals associated with those sites are subject to greater uncertainties. Environmental contingent liabilities are often resolved over a long period of time and the timing
of expenditures depends on a number of factors that vary by site. We expect that we will expend present accruals over many years and that remediation of all currently known sites will be completed within 30 years. While it is possible that a
significant portion of the accrued costs as of March 30, 2008 may be paid out over the next ten years, we anticipate that no individual site will be considered to be material. We cannot ensure that our reserves are adequate to cover the total
cost of remedial measures that may eventually be required by environmental authorities with respect to known environmental matters or the cost of claims that may be asserted in the future with respect to environmental matters about which we are not
yet aware. Accordingly, the costs of environmental claims may exceed the amounts reserved. 

We have been named as a PRP at sites identified
by the EPA and state regulatory agencies for investigation and remediation under CERCLA, and similar state statutes. Under CERCLA, and under similar state statutes, potentially responsible parties are jointly and severally liable, and therefore we
will continue to be potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities or former facilities or at third-party sites where we have been designated a PRP. We are party to various
cost-sharing arrangements with other PRPs at certain sites. In addition to PRPs, some of these arrangements involve one or more regulatory agencies. These cost-sharing arrangements generally require all PRPs to post financial assurance of the
performance of the obligations. Our estimates of current reserves factor in these cost sharing arrangements and an assessment of the likelihood that such parties will fulfill their obligations at such sites. In estimating our current reserves for
environmental matters, we have assumed that we will not bear the entire cost of remediation of every site to the exclusion of other PRPs, who may be jointly and severally liable. In the unlikely event that we are required to fully fund the
remediation of a site, the statutory framework would allow us to pursue rights of contribution from other PRPs. It is also possible that we will be designated a PRP at additional sites in the future. 

Like many other industrial companies in recent years, we are defendants in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to chemicals and
substances in the workplace, including asbestos. To date, we have been dismissed from a number of these suits and have settled a number of others. The outcome of litigation such as this is difficult to predict and a judicial decision unfavorable to
us could be rendered, possibly having a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with international
operations. 

We purchase products from and supply products to businesses located outside of the United States. We also have
significant operations located outside the United States. In fiscal 2008, approximately 20 percent of our total sales were attributable to our non-U.S. subsidiaries, in 2007, approximately 21 percent and in 2006, approximately 15 percent. A number
of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our international operations and, consequently, on our results of operations, including: 

•

 currency fluctuations; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 

•

 general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate; 

•

 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; 

•

 restrictions on the repatriation of funds; 

•

 changes in trade policies; 

•

 tariff regulations; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses; and 

•

 the risk of government financed competition. 

Any lower than expected rating of our bank debt and debt securities could adversely affect our business. 

Two rating
agencies, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”), rate our debt securities. S&P upgraded our debt rating and Moody’s maintained our debt rating during fiscal 2008. However, if the rating agencies were to
reduce their current ratings, our interest expense would increase and the instruments governing our indebtedness could impose additional restrictions on our ability to make capital expenditures or otherwise limit our flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate or our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. These modifications also could require us to meet more stringent financial ratios and tests or could
require us to grant a security interest in our assets to secure the indebtedness. Our ability to comply with covenants contained in the instruments governing our existing and future indebtedness may be affected by events and circumstances beyond our
control. If we breach any of these covenants, one or more events of default, including cross-defaults between multiple components of our indebtedness, could result. These events of default could permit our creditors to declare all amounts owing to
be immediately due and payable, and terminate any commitments to make further extensions of credit. 

Our business involves risks associated with
complex manufacturing processes.

Our manufacturing processes depend on certain sophisticated and high-value equipment, such as some
of our forging presses for which there may be only limited or no production alternatives. Unexpected failures of this equipment could result in production delays, revenue loss and significant repair costs. In addition, equipment failures could
result in injuries to our employees. Moreover, the competitive nature of our businesses requires us to continuously implement process changes intended to achieve product improvements and manufacturing efficiencies. These process changes may at times
result in production delays, quality concerns and increased costs. Any disruption of operations at our facilities due to equipment failures or process interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We could be faced with labor shortages, disruptions or stoppages if our relations with our union employees were to deteriorate. 

Our operations rely heavily on maintaining good relations with our employees, and any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by any deterioration
in employee relations or difficulties in the renegotiation of labor contracts could reduce our operating margins and income. Approximately 25 percent of our employees are affiliated with unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We
expect to negotiate nine collective bargaining agreements affecting approximately 11 percent of the workforce during fiscal 2009. Failure to negotiate a new labor agreement when required could result in a work stoppage. Although we believe that our
labor relations have generally been satisfactory, it is possible that we could become subject to additional work rules imposed by agreements with labor unions, or that work stoppages or other labor disturbances could occur in the future, any of
which could reduce our operating margins and income and place us at a disadvantage relative to non-union competitors. 

Product warranty and product
liability risks could adversely affect our operating results. 

We produce many critical parts for commercial and military aircraft.
Failure of our parts could give rise to substantial product liability claims. We maintain insurance addressing this risk, but there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage will be adequate or will continue to be available on terms acceptable
to us. We manufacture our parts to strict contractually-established standards and tolerances using complex manufacturing processes. If we fail to meet the contractual requirements for a product we may be subject to product warranty costs and claims.
These costs are generally not insured. We are parties to legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcomes of which cannot be predicted with certainty. We estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our analysis of the
contingencies in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). Developments in the legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates recorded as a liability or reserve and could result in an adverse effect on
our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” in this Form 10-K. 

16 

Table of Contents

We could be required to make additional contributions to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit
plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets. 

Our estimates of liabilities and expenses for
pensions and other postretirement benefits incorporate significant assumptions including the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce
(salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality). Our results of operations, liquidity, or shareholders’ equity in a particular period could be affected by a decline in the rate of return on plan assets, the rate used to discount
the future estimated liability, or changes in employee workforce assumptions.