We may encounter difficulties associated with integration of
acquired businesses and fail to realize anticipated benefits. 

In May 2006, we acquired Special Metals Corporation (“SMC”).
In February 2007, we completed the acquisitions of GSC Foundries, Inc. and Cherry Aerospace LLC. In April 2007, we completed the purchase of substantially all of the assets of McWilliams Forge Company, Inc. The success of those and prior
transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel and to apply our manufacturing processes and controls to the acquired businesses. Although our acquisition strategy generally emphasizes the retention of key management of the
acquired businesses and an ability of the acquired business to continue to operate independently, various changes may be required to integrate the acquired businesses into our operations, to assimilate many new employees and to implement reporting,
monitoring and forecasting procedures. Our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could cause us to fail to realize the benefits we anticipated from the transactions. 

Recent and future acquisitions could subject us to a number of operational risks. 

We have completed
many recent acquisitions and expect that we will continue to make acquisitions of, investments in, and strategic alliances with complementary businesses, products and technologies to enable us to add products and services for our core customer base
and for related markets, and to expand each of our businesses geographically. Implementation of this strategy entails a number of risks, including: 

•

 inaccurate assessment of undisclosed liabilities; 

•

 entry into markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses; 

•

 potential loss of key employees or customers of the acquired businesses; 

•

 difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; and 

•

 increase in our indebtedness and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital when needed. 

We operate in cyclical markets. 

A significant
portion of our revenues are derived from the highly cyclical aerospace and power generation markets. Our sales to the aerospace industry constituted 53 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2007, 59 percent of total sales in fiscal 2006 and 55
percent of total sales in fiscal 2005. Our power generation sales constituted 21 percent of our total sales in fiscal 2007, 18 percent of total sales in fiscal 2006 and 18 percent of total sales in fiscal 2005. 

The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. commercial aviation industry
continues to face challenges arising from competitive pressures and increased fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, by the state of U.S. and world
economies and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism and health and safety concerns. The military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism,
a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in regulatory changes, the retirement of older aircraft and technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Accordingly, the timing, duration
and severity of cyclical upturns and downturns cannot be forecast with certainty. A future downturn or reduction in demand could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

15 

Table of Contents

The power generation market is also cyclical in nature. Demand for power generation products is global
and is affected by the state of the U.S. and world economies and the political environments of numerous countries. The availability of fuels and related prices also have a large impact on demand. Reductions in demand for the Company’s
industrial gas turbine products could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

In addition to the aerospace and
power generation markets, we sell products and services to customers in the automotive, medical, oil and gas, chemical and petrochemical, pulp and paper, and other general industrial markets. Each of these markets is cyclical in nature. Customer
demand for the Company’s products or services in these markets may fluctuate widely depending upon U.S. and world economic conditions and industry-specific factors. Cyclical declines or sustained weakness in any of these markets could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

Our business is dependent on a small number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our business is conducted with a relatively small number of large customers, including General Electric Company, United Technologies Corporation
and Rolls Royce plc. General Electric accounted for approximately 11 percent, 17 percent and 17 percent of our total sales for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of total sales; however,
United Technologies and Rolls Royce are also considered our key customers. A financial hardship experienced by any one of these three customers, the loss of any of them, or a further reduction in or substantial delay of orders from any of them,
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Sales to the military sector constituted approximately 13 percent, 18 percent and 19
percent of our fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 sales, respectively. U.S. defense spending is subject to U.S. Congressional appropriations and to political pressures that influence which programs are funded and those which are cancelled. Reductions in
defense budgets or military aircraft procurement or delays in funding could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

The competitive nature of our
business results in significant price concessions to our customers and increased pressure to reduce our costs. 

We are subject to
substantial competition in all of the markets we serve, and we expect this competition to continue. As a result, we have made significant long term price concessions to our customers in the aerospace and power generation markets in recent years, and
we expect customer pressure for further long term price concessions to continue. Maintenance of our profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our
costs relative to our pricing, or if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business will suffer. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure will be a key determinator of future profitability and competitiveness. 

Our business is dependent on a number of raw materials that are subject to volatility in price and availability. 

We use a number of raw materials in our products, including certain metals such as cobalt, titanium, nickel, tantalum and molybdenum, which are found in
only a few parts of the world and are available from a limited number of suppliers. The availability and costs of these metals may be influenced by private or government cartels, changes in world politics, unstable governments in exporting nations
and inflation. These metals are required for the alloys used or manufactured in our investment castings, forged products and fasteners segments. In fiscal 2007, we and other industry participants experienced periods of increased delivery times and
increased prices for nickel-based and titanium alloys, tool-grade 

16 

Table of Contents

steel and certain other raw materials critical to our business. We have escalation clauses for nickel, titanium and other metals in a number of our long-term
contracts with major customers, but we are not usually able to fully offset the effects of changes in raw material costs. The ability of key metal suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements can also impact our ability to meet commitments to
customers. Future shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could result in decreased margins or otherwise adversely affect our business. The enactment of new or increased import duties on raw materials imported by us could also increase the
costs to us of obtaining the raw materials and might adversely affect our business. 

Our business is affected by federal rules, regulations and orders
applicable to government contractors. 

A number of our products are manufactured and sold under U.S. government contracts or
subcontracts. Consequently, we are directly and indirectly subject to various federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. From time to time, we are also subject to government inquiries and investigations of our
business practices due to our participation in government programs. These inquiries and investigations are costly and consuming of internal resources. Violation of applicable government rules and regulations could result in civil liability, in
cancellation or suspension of existing contracts or in ineligibility for future contracts or subcontracts funded in whole or in part with federal funds, any of which could have a material adverse effect. 

Our business is subject to environmental regulations and related liabilities and liabilities associated with chemicals and substances in the workplace.

We are subject to various federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, water discharges, air
emissions, hazardous material and waste management and environmental cleanup. Environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve and we may become subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future (particularly under air
quality and water quality laws). We are required to comply with environmental laws and the terms and conditions of multiple environmental permits. Failure to comply with these laws or permits could result in fines and penalties or the need to
install pollution control equipment that could be costly. We also may be required to make additional expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental matters on an ongoing basis. We also own properties, or conduct or have
conducted operations at properties, where hazardous materials have been used for many years, including during periods before careful management of these materials was required or generally believed to be necessary. Consequently, we will continue to
be subject to environmental laws that impose liability for historical releases of hazardous substances. 

Our financial statements include
reserves for future costs arising from environmental issues relating to our properties and operations. The Company’s accruals for known environmental liabilities represent our best estimate of the Company’s probable future obligations for
the investigation and remediation of known contaminated sites. Our accruals include asserted and unasserted claims. Our actual future expenditures, however, relating to compliance and cleanup of environmental conditions at our properties cannot be
conclusively determined. The estimate of our environmental costs is based on currently available facts, present laws and regulations and current technology and take into consideration the Company’s prior experience in site investigation and
remediation, the data available for each site, and the professional judgment of our environmental specialists and consultants Although recorded liabilities include our best estimate of all probable costs, the Company’s total costs for the final
settlement of each site cannot be predicted with certainty due to the variety of factors that make potential costs associated with contaminated sites inherently uncertain, such as: the nature and extent of site contamination, available remediation
alternatives, the extent to which remedial actions will be required, the time period over which costs will be incurred, the number and economic viability of other 

17 

Table of Contents

responsible parties, and whether the Company has any opportunity of contribution from third parties, including recovery from insurance policies. In addition,
sites that are in the early stages of investigation are subject to greater uncertainties than mature sites that are close to completion. Although the sites identified by the Company vary across the spectrum, approximately half of the Company’s
sites could be considered at an early stage of the investigation and remediation process. Therefore, the Company’s cost estimates, and its accruals associated with those sites are subject to greater uncertainties. Environmental contingent
liabilities are often resolved over a long period of time and the timing of expenditures depends on a number of factors that vary by site. We expect that we will expend present accruals over many years and that remediation of all currently known
sites will be completed within 30 years. While it is possible that a significant portion of the accrued costs as of April 1, 2007 may be paid out over the next ten years, the Company anticipates that no individual site will be considered to be
material. We cannot ensure that our reserves are adequate to cover the total cost of remedial measures that may eventually be required by environmental authorities with respect to known environmental matters or the cost of claims that may be
asserted in the future with respect to environmental matters about which we are not yet aware. Accordingly, the costs of environmental claims may exceed the amounts reserved. 

We have been named as a “potentially responsible party” at sites identified by the Environmental Protection Agency and state regulatory
agencies for investigation and remediation under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or CERCLA, and similar state statutes. Under CERCLA, and under similar state statutes, potentially responsible parties are
jointly and severally liable, and therefore, the Company will continue to be potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities or former facilities or at third-party sites where we
have been designated a potentially responsible party. The Company is a party to various cost-sharing arrangements with other PRPs at certain sites. In addition to PRPs, some of these arrangements involve one or more regulatory agencies. These
cost-sharing arrangements generally require all PRPs to post financial assurance of the performance of the obligations, and as a consequence, although the Company assumes it will not bear the entire cost at these sites, the assumption is based on
these cost sharing arrangements and on an assessment of the likelihood that such parties will fulfill their obligations at such sites. In estimating our current reserves for environmental matters, we have assumed that we will not bear the entire
cost of remediation of every site to the exclusion of other PRPs, who may be jointly and severally liable. In the unlikely event that we are required to fully fund the remediation of a site, the statutory framework would allow us to pursue rights of
contribution from other potentially responsible parties. It is also possible that we will be designated a potentially responsible party at additional sites in the future. 

Like many other industrial companies in recent years, we are defendants in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to chemicals and substances in the workplace, including asbestos. To date, we have
been dismissed from a number of these suits and have settled a number of others. The outcome of litigation such as this is difficult to predict and a judicial decision unfavorable to us could be rendered, possibly causing serious harm to our
business. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with international operations. 

We purchase products from and supply products to businesses located outside of the United States. We also have significant operations located outside the
United States. In fiscal 2007, approximately 21 percent of our total sales were attributable to our non-U.S. subsidiaries, in 2006, approximately 15 percent and in 2005, approximately 16 percent. A number of risks inherent in international
operations could have a material adverse effect on our international operations and, consequently, on our results of operations, including: 

•

 currency fluctuations; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate; 

•

 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; 

•

 restrictions on the repatriation of funds; 

•

 changes in trade policies; 

•

 tariff regulations; 

•

 difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses; and 

•

 the risk of government financed competition. 

Any
lower than expected rating of our bank debt and debt securities may adversely affect our business. 

Two rating agencies, Moody’s
and Standard & Poor’s (S&P), rate our debt securities. S&P maintained our debt rating and Moody’s upgraded our debt rating during fiscal 2007. However, if the rating agencies were to reduce their current ratings, our
interest expense would increase and the instruments governing our indebtedness could impose additional restrictions on our ability to make capital expenditures or otherwise limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
business and the industries in which we operate or our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. These modifications also could require us to meet more stringent financial ratios and tests or could require us to grant a security
interest in our assets to secure the indebtedness. Our ability to comply with covenants contained in the instruments governing our existing and future indebtedness may be affected by events and circumstances beyond our control. If we breach any of
these covenants, one or more events of default, including cross-defaults between multiple components of our indebtedness, could result. These events of default could permit our creditors to declare all amounts owing to be immediately due and
payable, and terminate any commitments to make further extensions of credit. 

Our business involves risks associated with complex manufacturing
processes.

Our manufacturing processes depend on certain sophisticated and high-value equipment, such as some of our forging presses
for which there may be only limited or no production alternatives. Unexpected failures of this equipment could result in production delays, revenue loss and significant repair costs. In addition, equipment failures could result in injuries to our
employees. Moreover, the competitive nature of our businesses requires us continuously to implement process changes intended to achieve product improvements and manufacturing efficiencies. These process changes may at times result in production
delays, quality concerns and increased costs. Any disruption of operations at our facilities due to equipment failures or process interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If our relations with our union employees were to deteriorate, we could be faced with labor shortages, disruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our
business and reduce our operating margins and income. 

Our operations rely heavily on maintaining good relations with our employees,
and any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by any deterioration in employee relations or difficulties in the renegotiation of labor contracts could reduce our operating margins and income. Approximately 17 percent of our employees
are affiliated with unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We expect to negotiate two collective bargaining agreements affecting approximately 2 percent of the workforce during fiscal 2008. Failure to negotiate a new labor agreement
when required could result in a work stoppage. Although we believe that our labor relations have generally been satisfactory, it is 

19 

Table of Contents

possible that we could become subject to additional work rules imposed by agreements with labor unions, or that work stoppages or other labor disturbances
could occur in the future, any of which could reduce our operating margins and income and place us at a disadvantage relative to non-union competitors. 

We are subject to litigation including product warranty and product liability risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 

We produce many critical parts for commercial and military aircraft. Failure of our parts could give rise to substantial product liability claims. We maintain insurance addressing this risk, but there can be no
assurance that the insurance coverage will be adequate or will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. We manufacture our parts to strict contractually-established standards and tolerances using complex manufacturing processes. If we
fail to meet the contractual requirements for a product we may be subject to product warranty costs and claims. These costs are generally not insured. We are parties to legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcomes of which cannot be
predicted with certainty. We estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our analysis of the contingencies in accordance with GAAP. Developments in the legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates recorded as a
liability or reserve and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” in this Form 10-K. 

We could be required to make additional contributions to our defined benefit pension plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets.

Our estimates of liabilities and expenses for pensions and other postretirement benefits incorporate significant assumptions including
the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality). Our results of
operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity in a particular period could be affected by a decline in the rate of return on plan assets, the rate used to discount the future estimated liability or changes in employee workforce assumptions.