Copper and Molybdenum Price Volatility May Reduce Our Profits and Cash Flow

     Our financial performance is heavily dependent on the price of copper, which is affected
by many factors beyond our control. Copper is a commodity traded on the London Metal Exchange
(LME), the New York Commodity Exchange (COMEX) and the Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE). Most of
our copper is sold at prices based on those quoted on the LME or COMEX exchanges. The price of
copper as reported on these exchanges is influenced significantly by numerous factors, including
(i) the worldwide balance of copper demand and supply, (ii) rates of global economic growth, trends
in industrial production and conditions in the housing and automotive industries, all of which
correlate with demand for copper, (iii) economic growth and political conditions in China, which
has become the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, and other major developing
economies, (iv) speculative investment positions in copper and copper futures, (v) the availability
and cost of substitute materials and (vi) currency exchange fluctuations, including the relative
strength of the U.S. dollar.

     The copper market is volatile and cyclical. During the past 15 years, COMEX prices per pound
have ranged from a high of $2.28 to a low of 60 cents. Any material change in the price we receive
for copper has a significant effect on our results. Based upon expected 2006 annual consolidated
production of approximately 2.5 billion to 2.6 billion pounds of copper, each 1 cent per pound
change in our average annual realized copper price (or our average annual unit cost of production)
causes a variation in annual operating income of up to approximately $26 million, excluding the
impact of our copper collars and before taxes and adjustments for minority interests. Consequently,
a sustained period of low copper prices would adversely affect our profits and cash flow.

     In addition, sustained low copper prices could (i) reduce revenues as a result of production
cutbacks due to curtailment of

Table of Contents

34

operations or temporary or permanent closure of mines or portions of
deposits that have become uneconomical at the then-prevailing copper prices, (ii) delay or halt
exploration or the development of new process technology or projects and (iii) reduce funds
available for exploration and the building of ore reserves.

     Our financial performance is also significantly dependent on the price of molybdenum.
Molybdenum is characterized by volatile, cyclical prices, even more so than copper. Molybdenum
prices are influenced by numerous factors, including (i) the worldwide balance of molybdenum demand
and supply, (ii) rates of global economic growth, especially construction and infrastructure
activity that requires significant amounts of steel, (iii) the volume of molybdenum produced as a
by-product of copper production, (iv) inventory levels, (v) currency exchange fluctuations,
including the relative strength of the U.S. dollar and (vi) production costs of U.S. and foreign
competitors.

     Molybdenum demand depends heavily on the global steel industry, which uses the metal as a
hardening and corrosion inhibiting agent. Approximately 80 percent of molybdenum production is used
in this application. The remainder is used in specialty chemical applications such as catalysts,
water treatment agents and lubricants. Approximately 65 percent
of global molybdenum production is a
by-product of copper mining, which is relatively insensitive to molybdenum prices. During the past
15 years, Metals Week Dealer Oxide prices per pound have ranged from a high of $40.00 to a low of
$1.82. A sustained period of low molybdenum prices would adversely affect our profits and cash
flows.

Our Copper Price Protection Programs May Cause Significant Volatility in Financial Performance

     Our copper price protection programs may cause significant volatility in our financial
performance. At December 31, 2005, we had in place zero-premium copper collars for approximately
564 million pounds and 486 million pounds of our expected global copper production for 2006 and
2007, respectively. The annual average LME call strike price (ceiling) on our zero-premium copper
collars is $1.632 per pound and $2.002 per pound for 2006 and 2007, respectively. At December 31,
2005, we also had in place copper put options for approximately 564 million pounds and 730 million
pounds of our expected global copper production for 2006 and 2007, respectively. The annual
average LME put strike price per pound for both 2006 and 2007 is $0.950 per pound. In accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, we are required to
mark-to-market our copper price protection programs each reporting period with the gain or loss
recorded in earnings. These adjustments represent non-cash events as the contracts are settled in
cash only after the end of the relevant year based on the annual average LME price. For the year
ended December 31, 2005, the unrealized pre-tax charges, including premium expense arising from our
2006 and 2007 copper price protection programs, reduced operating income by approximately $224
million. We are unable to estimate any future gains or losses that will be realized under these
copper price protection programs.

Increased Energy Costs Could Reduce Our Profitability or Result in Losses

     Energy, including electricity, diesel fuel and natural gas, represents a significant
portion of the production costs for our operations. The principal sources of energy for our mining
operations are electricity, purchased petroleum products and natural gas. The principal sources of
energy for our wire and cable operations are purchased electricity and natural gas.

     To moderate or offset the impact of increasing energy costs, we use a combination of
multi-year energy contracts that we put in place at favorable points in the price cycle as well as
self-generation and natural gas hedging. Additionally, we enter into price protection programs for
our diesel fuel and natural gas purchases to protect against significant short-term upward
movements in energy prices while maintaining the flexibility to participate in any favorable price
movements. As a result of these programs, we have reduced and partially mitigated the impacts of
volatile electricity markets and rising diesel fuel and natural gas prices. Nevertheless, we pay
more for our energy needs during these times of progressively higher energy prices. During 2005,
energy accounted for 19.5 cents per pound of copper production, compared with 14.6 cents in 2004
and 13.5 cents in 2003. As energy is a significant portion of our production costs, if we are
unable to procure sufficient energy at reasonable prices in the future, it could adversely affect
our profits and cash flow.

We Continue to Experience Pressure on Our Copper Production Costs

     In recent years we have experienced increases in our worldwide copper production costs.
One factor in the increase in average cost of copper production is our decision, in response to
very strong demand for copper, to bring back into production certain higher cost properties. In
addition to energy, our cash costs are affected by the prices of commodities, such as sulfuric
acid, grinding media, liners, explosives and diluent, which we consume or otherwise use in our
operations. The prices of such commodities are influenced by supply and demand trends affecting the
copper industry in general and other factors, many of which are outside our control, and are at
times subject to volatile price movements. Increases in the cost of these commodities could make
production at certain of our operations less profitable, even in an environment of relatively high
copper prices. Increases in the costs of commodities we consume or otherwise use in our operations
may also significantly affect the capital costs of our new projects.

     In addition, our cost structure for copper production is generally higher than that of some
major copper producers whose principal mines are located outside the United States. This is due to
lower ore grades, higher labor costs (including pension and health-care costs) and, in some cases,
stricter regulatory requirements.

Our
Business Is Subject to Complex and Evolving Laws and Regulations and Environmental
and Regulatory Compliance May Impose Substantial Costs on Us

     Our global operations are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws
and regulations relating to improving or maintaining environmental quality. Environmental laws
often require parties to pay for remedial action or to pay damages regardless of fault and may also
often impose liability with respect to divested or

Table of Contents

35

 terminated operations, even if the operations
were terminated or divested many years ago. The federal Clean Air Act has had a significant impact,
particularly on our smelters and power plants. We also have potential liability for certain sites
we currently operate or formerly operated and for certain third-party sites under the federal
Superfund law and similar state laws. We are also subject to claims for natural resource damages
where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have injured natural resources.

     Our mining operations and exploration activities, both inside and outside the United States,
are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing prospecting, development, production,
exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, protection and remediation of
the environment, protection of endangered and protected species, mine safety, toxic substances and
other matters. Mining also is subject to risks and liabilities associated with pollution of the
environment and disposal of waste products occurring as a result of mineral exploration and
production. Compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs on us and subjects
us to significant potential liabilities.

     The laws
and regulations that apply to us are complex and are continuously
evolving in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Costs associated with environmental and regulatory
compliance have increased over time, and we expect these costs to continue to increase in the
future. In addition, the laws and regulations that apply to us may
change in ways that could otherwise have an adverse effect on our
operations or financial results. The costs of environmental obligations may exceed the reserves we have
established for such liabilities. (Refer to Note 21, Contingencies, for further discussion of our
significant environmental matters.)

Mine Closure Regulations May Impose Substantial Costs

     Our operations in the United States are subject to various federal and state mine closure
and mined-land reclamation laws. The requirements of these laws vary depending upon the
jurisdiction. Over the last several years, there have been substantial changes in these laws and
regulations in the states in which our mines are located, as well as the regulations promulgated by
the federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM), for mining operations located on unpatented mining
claims located on federal public lands. The amended BLM regulations governing mined-land
reclamation for mining on federal lands will likely increase our regulatory obligations and
compliance costs over time with respect to mine closure reclamation. As estimated costs increase,
our mines are required to post increasing amounts of financial assurance to ensure the availability
of funds to perform future closure and reclamation.

     As a result of an agreement we reached with two New Mexico state agencies, the amount of
required financial assurance for our Chino, Tyrone and Cobre mines totals approximately $500
million. Approximately 70 percent of such financial assurance either is, or is expected to be,
provided in the form of third-party guarantees issued by us on behalf of our operating subsidiaries
and the balance, or approximately 30 percent, is expected to be provided in the form of trust
funds, real property collateral, surety bonds and letters of credit. The actual amount required for
financial assurance is subject to the completion of additional permitting procedures, final agency
determinations and the results of administrative appeals, all of which could result in some changes
to the closure and reclamation plans and further increases in the cost estimates and our related
financial assurance obligations. In addition, our Arizona mining operations have obtained approval
of reclamation plans for our mined land and approval of financial assurance totaling approximately
$105 million, but applications for approval of closure plans for groundwater quality
protection are pending for some portions of our mines. We also have approved mined-land
reclamation plans and financial assurance in place for our two Colorado mines totaling
approximately $81 million.

     Most of the financial assurance provided for our southwestern U.S. mines requires a
demonstration that we meet financial tests showing our capability to perform the required closure
and reclamation. Demonstrations of financial capability have been made for all of the financial
assurance for our Arizona mines. The financial tests required for continued use of the financial
capability demonstrations and third-party guarantees include
maintaining an investment-grade rating on our senior debt securities. If, in the future, we should no longer maintain an
investment-grade rating, we will be required to replace most of the financial assurance currently
satisfied through financial demonstrations and third-party guarantees with other forms of financial
assurance, such as letters of credit, real property collateral or cash.

     The cost of surety bonds (the traditional source of financial assurance) has increased
significantly in recent years. Also, many surety companies are now requiring an increased level of
collateral supporting the bonds. If surety bonds are unavailable at commercially reasonable terms,
we could be required to post other collateral or cash or cash equivalents directly in support of
financial assurance obligations.

     In addition, our international mines are subject to various mine closure and mined-land
reclamation laws. There have recently been significant changes in closure and reclamation programs
in Peru and Chile. We cannot estimate the potential impact of these new regulations or any
additional changes to regulations in these or other non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we do business
at this time.

Levels of Ore Reserves and Mill and Leach Stockpiles Are Subject to Uncertainty and Our Ability
to Replenish Ore Reserves Is Important for Long-Term Viability

     There are a number of uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of ore reserves and
copper recovered from stockpiles, including many factors beyond our control. Ore reserve estimates
are based upon engineering evaluations of assay values derived from samplings of drill holes and
other openings. The quantity of copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles is based upon
surveyed volumes of mined material and daily production records. The reserve and recoverable copper
in stockpiles data included in this annual report are estimates. The volume and grade of ore
reserves recovered, rates of production and recovered copper from stockpiles may be less than we
anticipate.

     Declines in the market price of a particular metal also may render the exploitation of
reserves containing relatively lower grades of mineralization uneconomical. If the price we realize
for a particular commodity were to decline substantially below the price at which ore reserves were
calculated for a sustained period of time, we could experience reductions in reserves resulting in
increased depreciation charges and potential asset write-downs. Under some such circumstances, we
may discontinue the development of a project or

Table of Contents

36

mining at one or more properties. Further, changes
in operating and capital costs and other factors, including but not limited to short-term operating
factors such as the need for sequential development of ore bodies and the processing of new or
different ore grades, may reduce ore reserves.

     Ore reserves are depleted as we mine. Our ability to replenish our ore reserves is important
to our long-term viability. We use several strategies to replenish and grow our copper and
molybdenum ore reserves, including exploration and investment in properties located near our
existing mine sites, investing in technology that could extend the life of a mine by allowing us to
cost-effectively process ore types that were previously considered uneconomic and an exploration
strategy that includes pursuing opportunities with joint venture partners. Acquisitions may also
contribute to increased ore reserves and we review potential acquisition opportunities on a regular
basis.

Operational Risks

          Mines by their nature are subject to many operational risks and factors that are
generally outside of our control and could impact our business, operating results and cash flows.
These operational risks and factors include, but are not limited to (i) unanticipated ground and
water conditions and adverse claims to water rights,
(ii) geological problems, including earthquakes and other
natural disasters, (iii) metallurgical
and other processing problems, (iv) the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and
other force majeure events, (v) lower than expected ore grades or recovery rates, (vi) accidents,
(vii) delays in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government permits, (viii) the
results of litigation, including appeals of agency decisions, (ix) uncertainty of exploration and
development, (x) delays in transportation, (xi) labor disputes, (xii) inability to obtain
satisfactory insurance coverage, (xiii) unavailability of materials and equipment, (xiv) the
failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations,
(xv) unanticipated difficulties consolidating acquired operations and obtaining expected synergies
and (xvi) the results of financing efforts and financial market conditions.

Our Operations Outside the United States Are Subject to the Risks of Doing Business in Foreign
Countries

          In 2005, our international operations provided 30 percent of the Company’s consolidated
sales (including sales through PDMC’s U.S. based sales company) and our international operations
(including international exploration) contributed 46 percent of the Company’s consolidated
operating income. We fully consolidate the results of certain of our domestic and international
mining operations in which we own less than a 100 percent interest (and report the minority
interest). During 2005, our minority partners in our South American mines were entitled to
approximately 185,700 tons, or 34 percent, of our international copper production.

          Our international activities are conducted in Canada, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa,
and are subject to certain political and economic risks, including but not limited to (i) political
instability and civil strife, (ii) changes in foreign laws and regulations, including those
relating to the environment, labor, tax, royalties on mining
activities and dividends or repatriation of cash and other property
to the United States, (iii) foreign currency
fluctuations, (iv) expropriation or nationalization of property, (v) exchange controls and (vi)
import, export and trade regulations.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

I. We are a member of several trade associations that, from time to time, initiate legal
proceedings challenging administrative regulations or court decisions that the membership considers
to be improper and potentially adverse to their business interests. These legal proceedings are
conducted in the name of the trade associations, and the members of the trade association are not
parties, named or otherwise.

II. Arizona water regulations, water rights adjudications and other related water cases.

     A. General Background

          Arizona surface water law is based on the doctrine of prior appropriation (first in time,
first in right). Surface water rights in Arizona are usufructuary rights, and as such the water
right holder is granted only the right to use public waters for a statutorily defined beneficial
use, at a designated location. Groundwater in Arizona is governed by the doctrine of reasonable
use. Arizona has initiated two water rights adjudications in order to quantify and prioritize all
of the surface water rights and water right claims to two of the state’s river systems and sources.
Groundwater is not subject to the adjudication; however, wells may be adjudicated to the extent
that they are found to produce or impact appropriable surface water. The two adjudication cases
that could potentially impact Phelps Dodge’s surface water rights and claims (including some wells)
are entitled In Re The General Adjudication of All Rights to Use Water in the Little Colorado
Water System and Source, Arizona Superior Court, Apache County, Cause No. 6417 filed on or
about February 17, 1978 and 
In Re The General Adjudication of All Rights to Use Water in the
Gila River System and Source, Arizona Superior Court, Maricopa County, Cause Nos. W-1 (Salt),
W-2 (Verde), W-3 (Upper Gila), W-4 (San Pedro), (consolidated) filed on February 17, 1978. The
major parties in addition to Phelps Dodge in the Gila River adjudication are: Gila Valley
Irrigation District, the San Carlos Irrigation and Drainage District, the state of Arizona, the San
Carlos Apache Tribe, the Gila River Indian Community, and the United States on behalf of those
Tribes, on its own behalf, and on the behalf of the White Mountain Apache Tribe, Ft. McDowell
Mohave-Apache Indian Community, Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community and the Payson Community
of Yavapai Apache Indians. The major parties in addition to Phelps Dodge in the Little Colorado
adjudication are: the state of Arizona, the Salt River Project, Arizona Public Service Company, the
Navajo Nation, the Hopi Indian Tribe, the San Juan Southern Paiute Tribe and the United States on
behalf of those Indian Tribes, on its own behalf, and on behalf of the White Mountain Apache Tribe.

          Phelps Dodge has four active mining operations in Arizona: Morenci, Miami, Sierrita and
Bagdad. Each operation requires water for mining and all related support facilities. With the
exception of Bagdad, each operation is located in a watershed within an ongoing surface water
adjudication. Each operation has sufficient water claims to cover its operational demands. In many
instances, the water supply may come from a variety of possible sources. The potential impact of
the surface water adjudications on each active operation is discussed below.

Table of Contents

37

     B. Operations

          Morenci – The Morenci operation is located in eastern Arizona. Morenci water is
supplied by a combination of sources, including decreed surface water rights in the San Francisco
River, Chase Creek and Eagle Creek drainages, groundwater from the Upper Eagle Creek wellfield, and
Central Arizona Project (CAP) water leased from the San Carlos Apache Tribe and delivered to
Morenci via exchange through the Black River Pump Station. Phelps Dodge has filed Statements of
Claimants in the adjudication for each of its water sources for Morenci except the CAP water.

          Phelps Dodge’s decreed water rights are subject to the Gila River adjudication and potentially
could be impacted. Although the purpose of the adjudication is to determine only surface water
rights, wells such as those in the Upper Eagle Creek wellfield may be subject to the Gila River
adjudication, but only to the extent those wells may be determined to capture or impact
appropriable surface water. The CAP water provided via exchange is not subject to any state
adjudication process. The CAP lease became effective as of January 1, 1999, and has a 50-year term.

          Miami – The Miami operation obtains water from a number of sources in the Salt River
watershed. Statements of Claimants have been filed in connection with these water sources, each of
which is subject to the adjudication and could be potentially impacted. Miami currently holds a CAP
subcontract, although CAP water is not currently used at the operation. CAP water is not subject to
adjudication; however, an exchange agreement has been executed to allow the delivery of this water
to the Miami operation.

          Sierrita – The Sierrita operation is located in the Santa Cruz River watershed. The
water for the operation is groundwater. The wells that supply the water may be subject to the Gila
River adjudication only to the extent that such wells are determined to be pumping or impacting
appropriable surface water. Phelps Dodge has filed Statements of Claimants in the adjudication for
these water sources in case any are later determined to produce or impact appropriable surface
water. In 1980, the Arizona legislature enacted the Arizona Groundwater Code. The Code established
Active Management Areas (AMA’s) in several groundwater basins, including the Santa Cruz Groundwater
Basin. The groundwater at this operation is subject to regulation under the Santa Cruz AMA.

          Bagdad – The Bagdad operation is located in the Bill Williams River watershed. The
water supply includes claims both to surface water and groundwater. There is not an active
adjudication proceeding in this watershed; however, the legal precedent set in the active
adjudications regarding the determination of whether water pumped from wells is treated as surface
water or groundwater may impact the use of water from some wells.

     C. Other Arizona Mining Properties

          The potential impact of the ongoing adjudication on other mining properties is discussed
below.

          Safford – Water for the planned future operation at Safford may come from a
combination of sources. Wells that supply groundwater may be used and those wells will be subject
to the adjudication only to the extent that such wells are determined to be pumping or impacting
appropriable surface water. CAP water may also be considered for use at the operation some time in
the future. CAP water is not subject to
adjudication; however, an exchange agreement will need to be negotiated in order to deliver
the water. The implementation of such an exchange will require approval of the Globe Equity Court
as well as environmental reviews and related agency approvals.

          Ajo – The potential water supply for Ajo is groundwater. The wells that supply the
water may be subject to the Gila River adjudication to the extent that such wells are determined to
be pumping or impacting appropriable surface water. Phelps Dodge has filed a Statement of Claimant
in the adjudication for these water sources in case any are later determined to produce or impact
appropriable surface water.

          Bisbee – The potential water supply for Bisbee is groundwater. The wells that supply
the water may be subject to the Gila River adjudication to the extent that such wells are
determined to be pumping or impacting appropriable surface water. Phelps Dodge has filed a
Statement of Claimant in the adjudication for these water sources in case any are later determined
to produce or impact appropriable surface water.

     D. Water Settlements

          1. Gila River Indian Community Water Settlement

     On May 4, 1998, Phelps Dodge executed a settlement agreement with the Gila River Indian
Community (the Community) that resolves the issues between Phelps Dodge and the Community pertinent
to the Gila River adjudication. Since that time, comprehensive settlement negotiations with users
all along the Gila River have been initiated. Phelps Dodge’s settlement with the Community is now
included in the comprehensive settlement. Federal legislation authorizing the settlement was passed
in December 2004. The final enforceability date, however, will not occur until certain provisions
in the associated agreements are met. The parties have until December 31, 2007, to meet their
obligations for the settlement to become enforceable.

          2. San Carlos Apache Tribe

     In 1997, issues of dispute arose between Phelps Dodge and the San Carlos Apache Tribe (the
Tribe) regarding Phelps Dodge’s use and occupancy of the Black River Pump Station, which delivers
water to the Morenci operation. In May 1997, Phelps Dodge reached an agreement with the Tribe, and
subsequently federal legislation (Pub. L. No. 105-18, 5003, 111 stat. 158, 181-87) was adopted. The
legislation prescribes arrangements intended to ensure a future supply of water for the Morenci
mining complex in exchange for certain payments by Phelps Dodge. The legislation does not address
any potential claims by the Tribe relating to Phelps Dodge’s historical occupancy and operation of
Phelps Dodge facilities on the Tribe’s reservation, but does require that any such claims be
brought, if at all, exclusively in federal district court. As of this writing, no such claims have
been filed.

     The 1997 legislation required that the Company and the Tribe enter a lease for the delivery of
CAP water through the Black River Pump Station to Morenci on or before December 31, 1998. In the
event a lease was not signed, the legislation expressly provided that the legislation would become
the lease. On January 24, 2002, a lease between the San Carlos Apache Tribe, Phelps Dodge and the
United States was executed (effective as of January 1, 1999) in accordance with that legislation.
On the same date, and in accor-

Table of Contents

38

dance with the legislation, an Exchange Agreement between the San
Carlos Apache Tribe, the United States and the Salt River Project Water User’s Association was
executed and subsequently approved by Phelps Dodge. Since that date, CAP water has been delivered
to Morenci. Phelps Dodge has not reached a settlement with the Tribe on general water issues and
Phelps Dodge water claims within the Gila River adjudication are still subject to litigation with
the Tribe and other parties.

     E. Other Related Cases

          The following proceedings involving water rights adjudications are pending in the U.S.
District Court of Arizona:

          1. On June 29, 1988, the Gila River Indian Community filed a complaint-in-intervention in

United States v. Gila Valley Irrigation District, et al., and 
Globe Equity No. 59
(D. Ariz.). The underlying action was initiated by the United States in 1925 to determine
conflicting claims to water rights in certain portions of the Gila River watershed. Although Phelps
Dodge was named and served as a defendant in that action, Phelps Dodge was dismissed without
prejudice as a defendant in March 1935. In June 1935, the Court entered a decree setting forth the
water rights of numerous parties, but not Phelps Dodge’s. The Court retained, and still has,
jurisdiction of the case. The complaint-in-intervention does not name Phelps Dodge as a defendant,
however, it does name the Gila Valley Irrigation District as a defendant. Therefore, the
complaint-in-intervention could affect the approximately 3,000 acre-feet of water that Phelps Dodge
has the right to divert annually from Eagle Creek, Chase Creek or the San Francisco River pursuant
to Phelps Dodge’s decreed rights and an agreement between Phelps Dodge and the Gila Valley
Irrigation District.

          During 1997 and 1998, Phelps Dodge purchased farmlands with associated water rights that are
the subject of this litigation. As a result, Phelps Dodge has been named and served as a party in
this case. The lands and associated water rights are not currently used in connection with any
Phelps Dodge mining operation.

          Phelps Dodge’s Miami operation’s predecessor in interest (formerly named Cyprus Miami Mining
Corporation) was named and served as a defendant in this action in 1989. These proceedings may
affect water rights associated with former Cyprus Miami lands in the Gila River watershed.

          2. Prior to January 1, 1983, various Indian tribes filed several suits in the U.S. District
Court for the District of Arizona claiming prior and paramount rights to use waters, which at
present are being used by many water users, including Phelps Dodge, and claiming damages for prior
use in derogation of their allegedly paramount rights. These federal proceedings have been stayed
pending state court adjudication.

          3. Cyprus Sierrita Corporation’s predecessor in interest was a defendant in 
United States,
et al. v. City of Tucson, et al., No. CIV 75-39 (D. Ariz.). This is a consolidation of several
actions seeking a declaration of the rights of the United States, the Papago Indian Tribe (now
known as the Tohono O’odham Nation), and individual allottees of the Tohono O’odham Nation, to
surface water and groundwater in the Santa Cruz River watershed; damages from the defendants’ use
of surface water and groundwater from the watershed in derogation of those rights; and injunctive
relief. Congress in 1982 enacted the Southern Arizona Water Rights Settlement Act, which was
intended to resolve the water right claims of the Tohono O’odham Nation and
its member allottees relating to the San Xavier Reservation and the Schuk Toak District of the
Sells Papago Reservation. The allottees contested the validity of the Act and contended that the
Court could not dismiss the litigation without their consent. This prompted additional litigation,
and eventually culminated in settlement negotiations. The Court suspended most aspects of the
litigation to enable the parties to negotiate a settlement with the allottees. The Court’s recent
attention has been devoted to the composition of appropriate classes of allottees and
identification of class representatives, so that any settlement that is reached would bind the
allottees. It is anticipated that a settlement and authorizing legislation would conclude all
litigation on behalf of the Tohono O’odham Nation, its allottee members, and the United States as
Trustee for the nation and its allottee members, relating to water rights. Federal legislation has
been passed authorizing a settlement. The parties have until December 31, 2007, to finalize the
agreements and meet certain obligations for the settlement to become enforceable. The outcome of
this dispute could impact water right claims associated with the acquired Cyprus operations at
Sierrita, and miscellaneous former Cyprus land holdings in the Santa Cruz River watershed.

III. The Pinal Creek site was listed under the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality’s Water
Quality Assurance Revolving Fund program in 1989 for contamination in the shallow alluvial aquifers
within the Pinal Creek drainage near Miami, Arizona. Since that time, environmental remediation has
been performed by members of the Pinal Creek Group (PCG), comprising Phelps Dodge Miami, Inc. (a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and two other companies. In 1998, the District Court
approved a Consent Decree between the PCG members and the state of Arizona resolving all matters
related to an enforcement action contemplated by the state of Arizona against the PCG members with
respect to the groundwater matter. The Consent Decree committed Phelps Dodge Miami, Inc. and the
other PCG members to complete the remediation work outlined in the Consent Decree. That work
continues at this time pursuant to the Consent Decree and consistent with state law and the
National Contingency Plan prepared by EPA under CERCLA.

          Phelps Dodge Miami, Inc. and the other PCG members have been pursuing contribution litigation
against three other parties involved with the site. Phelps Dodge Miami, Inc. dismissed its
contribution claims against one defendant when another PCG member agreed to be responsible for any
share attributable to that defendant. Phelps Dodge Miami, Inc. and the other members of the PCG
settled their contribution claims against another defendant in April 2005, which resulted in
cancellation of the Phase I trial. While the terms of the settlement are confidential, the proceeds
of the settlement will be used to address remediation at the Pinal Creek site. The Phase II trial,
which will allocate liability, is scheduled for October 30, 2006, subject to approval by the trial
judge.

          Approximately $108 million remained in the Company’s Pinal Creek remediation reserve at
December 31, 2005. While significant recoveries may be achieved in the contribution litigation, the
Company cannot reasonably estimate the amount and, therefore, has not taken potential recoveries
into consideration in the recorded reserve.

Table of Contents

39

IV. Phelps Dodge Tyrone, Inc. (Tyrone) appealed a decision by the New Mexico Water Quality Control
Commission (WQCC) upholding certain conditions imposed by the New Mexico Environment Department in
Tyrone’s Supplemental Discharge Permit for Closure, DP-1341. 
Phelps Dodge Tyrone, Inc. v. New
Mexico Water Quality Control Commission, No. 25027. Oral arguments were held on January 19,
2006. In this case, Tyrone objects to permit conditions requiring Tyrone to perform approximately
$75 million of additional closure work. Chino Mines Company’s (Chino) Supplemental Discharge Permit
for Closure, DP-1340, was appealed by a third party, whose appeal was dismissed by the WQCC on
procedural grounds. The WQCC’s decision dismissing the appeal was overturned by the New Mexico
Court of Appeals. 
Gila Resources Information Project v. New Mexico Water Quality Control
Commission, No. 24,478. The permit decision has been remanded to the WQCC for further
proceedings.

V. Since approximately 1990, Phelps Dodge or its subsidiaries have been named as a defendant in a
number of product liability or premises lawsuits brought by electricians and other skilled
tradesmen or contractors claiming injury from exposure to asbestos found in limited lines of
electrical wire products produced or marketed many years ago, or from asbestos at certain Phelps
Dodge properties. Phelps Dodge presently believes its liability, if any, in these matters will not
have a material adverse effect, either individually or in the aggregate, upon its business,
financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flow. There can be no assurance,
however, that future developments will not alter this conclusion.

VI. The Company and Columbian Chemicals Company, together with several other companies, were named
as defendants in an action entitled 
Technical Industries, Inc. v. Cabot Corporation, et
al., No. CIV 03-10191 WGY, filed on January 30, 2003, in the U.S. District Court in Boston,
Massachusetts, and 14 other actions filed in four U.S. district courts, on behalf of a purported
class of all individuals or entities who purchased carbon black directly from the defendants since
January 1999. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated all of these actions in
the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts under the caption 
In Re Carbon Black
Antitrust Litigation. The consolidated amended complaint filed in these actions does not name
the Company as a defendant. The consolidated amended complaint, which alleges that the defendants
fixed the prices of carbon black and engaged in other unlawful activities in violation of the U.S.
antitrust laws, seeks treble damages in an unspecified amount and attorneys’ fees. The court
certified a class that includes all direct purchasers of carbon black in the United States from
January 30, 1999 through January 18, 2005. Discovery is ongoing.

          A separate action entitled Carlisle Companies Incorporated, et al. v. Cabot Corporation,
et al., was filed against Columbian and other defendants on behalf of a group of affiliated
companies that opted out of the federal class action. This action, which asserts similar claims as
the class action, was filed in the Northern District of New York on July 28, 2005, but was
transferred to the District of Massachusetts, where the class action is pending, and has been
consolidated with the class action for pretrial purposes.

          Actions are pending in state courts in California, Florida, Kansas, South Dakota and Tennessee
on behalf of purported classes of indirect purchasers of carbon black in those and six other
states, alleging violations of state antitrust and deceptive trade practices laws. Motions to
dismiss are pending in the Florida, Kansas and South Dakota actions. A motion for class
certification has been filed in the Tennessee action. Similar actions filed in state courts in New
Jersey and North Carolina, and additional actions in Florida and Tennessee, have been dismissed.
Columbian also has received a demand for relief on behalf of indirect purchasers in Massachusetts,
but no lawsuit has been filed.

          The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to defend the lawsuits
vigorously.

VII. In October 2005, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Western Nuclear, Inc., and two other
companies, Kerr McGee Chemical Worldwide, L.L.C. and Fremont Lumber Company (collectively, the
PRPs) executed a Consent Decree with the United States resolving claims among the parties,
including certain government agencies, for liability associated with the White King/Lucky Lass
Uranium Mines site near Lakeview, Oregon (Site). The Consent Decree was entered by the United
States District Court, District of Oregon on January 20, 2006, and requires the PRPs to perform
remedial design (RD) and remedial action (RA) at the Site, to collectively pay a penalty for
alleged failure to comply with a unilateral administrative order (UAO) issued by EPA and to perform
a supplemental environmental project at the Site. In exchange, the Government agreed to contribute
to the cost associated with the RD and RA at the Site, and further agreed to provide the PRPs with
a covenant not to sue and contribution protection. The PRPs have also resolved liability claims
among each other.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matters were submitted during the fourth quarter of 2005 to a
vote of security holders through solicitation of proxies or otherwise.

Table of Contents

40

Executive Officers of Phelps Dodge Corporation

     The executive officers of Phelps Dodge Corporation are elected to serve at the pleasure
of its board of directors. As of February 27, 2006, the executive officers of Phelps Dodge
Corporation were as follows:

Officer of the

Age at

Corporation

 Name

2/27/06

Position

Since

 J. Steven Whisler

51

Chairman of the Board

1987

and Chief Executive Officer

 Timothy R. Snider

55

President and Chief Operating

1997

Officer

 Ramiro G. Peru

50

Executive Vice President

1995

and Chief Financial Officer

 David C. Naccarati

53

President, Phelps Dodge

Mining Company

 Arthur R. Miele

64

Senior Vice President-Marketing;

1987

President, Phelps Dodge

Sales Company

 Kalidas V. Madhavpeddi

50

Senior Vice President-Asia;

1999

President, Phelps Dodge

Wire and Cable Group

 S. David Colton

50

Senior Vice President and

1998

General Counsel

 Nancy Mailhot

42

Vice President-

2004

Human Resources

     Mr. Whisler was elected Chairman of the Company in May 2000, and has been Chief Executive
Officer since January 2000. He was President from December 1997 to October 2003 and was also Chief
Operating Officer from December 1997 until January 2000. He was President of Phelps Dodge Mining
Company, a division of the Company, from 1991 to October 1998.

     Mr. Snider was elected President and Chief Operating Officer in November 2003. Prior to that
time, Mr. Snider was Senior Vice President of the Company, a position he held since 1998.

     Mr. Peru was elected Executive Vice President in October 2004. He was elected Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer in January 1999. Prior to that time, Mr. Peru was Senior Vice
President for Organization Development and Information Technology, a position he held since January
1997. Prior to that, Mr. Peru was Vice President and Treasurer of the Company, a position he held
since 1995.

     Mr. Naccarati was appointed to the Company’s Senior Management Team, as well as elected
President, Phelps Dodge Mining Company, in October 2004. He was elected Vice President, North
American Mining, Phelps Dodge Mining Company, in October 2003. Prior to that time, Mr. Naccarati
was President, Phelps Dodge Morenci, Inc., a position he held since 2001. Prior to that time, he
was President, PD Candelaria, Inc., a position he held since 1999. Prior to that, he was President,
Phelps Dodge Tyrone, Inc., a position he held since 1997.

     Mr. Miele was elected Senior Vice President-Marketing in June 2000. Prior to that time, he
served as Vice President-Marketing since 1987. Mr. Miele is also President, Phelps Dodge Sales
Company, a position he has held since October 1987.

     Mr. Madhavpeddi was elected Senior Vice President-Asia in October 2004. He was elected
President, Phelps Dodge Wire and Cable Group in May 2002 and Senior Vice President, Business
Development in November 2000. Prior to that time, Mr. Madhavpeddi was elected Vice President,
Business Development in November 1999.

     Mr. Colton was elected Senior Vice President in November 1999. He was elected Vice President
and General Counsel in April 1998. Prior to that time, Mr. Colton was Vice President and Counsel for Phelps Dodge Exploration, a
position he held since 1995.

     Ms. Mailhot was elected Vice President-Human Resources and appointed to the Company’s Senior
Management Team in October 2005. She previously served as Vice President-Global Supply Chain
Management since October 2004. Ms. Mailhot joined the Company in March 2001 as Vice
President-Global Supply Chain Management for Phelps Dodge Mining Company. Prior to joining the
Company, Ms. Mailhot served in various positions with Owens Corning.

Table of Contents

41

PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

     The information called for in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Item 5 appears on pages 93 and 94
and page 123 of this report.

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of common stock of the Company
purchased by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2005:

(c) Total Number of

(d) Maximum Number (or

Shares (or Units)

Approximate Dollar Value)

(a) Total Number

(b) Average Price

Purchased as Part of

of Shares (or Units) That May

of Shares (or Units)

Paid Per

Publicly Announced

Yet Be Purchased Under

 Period

Purchased*

Share (or Unit)

Plans or Programs

the Plans or Programs

 ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

–––––––––––––––––

––––––––––––––

–––––––––––––––––

––––––––––––––––––––––––

 October 1-31, 2005 

851

$

128.59

—

—

 November 1-30, 2005 

594

120.94

—

—

 December 1-31, 2005 

489

140.00

—

—

 Total

1,934

129.12

—

—

 *

This category includes shares repurchased under the Company’s applicable stock option
and restricted stock plans (Plans) and its non-qualified supplemental savings plan (SSP).
Through the Plans, the Company repurchases shares to satisfy tax obligations on restricted
stock awards, and in the SSP, the Company repurchases shares as a result of changes in
investment elections by plan participants.

Table of Contents

42

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

     The following financial and operating data should be read in conjunction with the
information set forth in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto appearing
in this Annual Report.

($ in millions except per share and per pound amounts)

Year Ended December 31,*

2005 (a)

2004 (b)

2003 (c)

2002 (d)

2001 (e)

 Statement of Operations Data

 Sales and other operating revenues 

$

8,287.1

6,415.2

3,498.5

3,173.2

3,420.4

 Operating income (loss) 

1,764.9

1,474.9

142.8

(257.4

)

(90.6

)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before cumulative effect of accounting changes

1,583.9

1,023.6

(21.1

)

(356.5

)

(377.7

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes** 

(17.4

)

22.7

39.2

41.3

48.2

 Income (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting changes 

1,566.5

1,046.3

18.1

(315.2

)

(329.5

)

 Net income (loss) 

1,556.4

1,046.3

94.8

(338.1

)

(331.5

)

 Basic earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations*** 

16.12

10.82

(0.39

)

(4.35

)

(4.81

)

 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations*** 

15.64

10.35

(0.39

)

(4.35

)

(4.81

)

 Basic earnings (loss) per common share from discontinued operations, extraordinary
item and cumulative effect of accounting changes*** 

(0.28

)

0.24

1.31

0.22

0.59

 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share from discontinued operations, extraordinary
item and cumulative effect of accounting changes*** 

(0.27

)

0.23

1.31

0.22

0.59

 Basic earnings (loss) per common share*** 

15.84

11.06

0.92

(4.13

)

(4.22

)

 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share*** 

15.37

10.58

0.92

(4.13

)

(4.22

)

 Balance Sheet Data (at period end)

 Current assets 

$

4,070.7

2,661.7

1,790.0

1,428.2

1,531.2

 Total assets 

10,358.0

8,594.1

7,272.9

7,029.0

7,584.3

 Total debt 

694.5

1,096.9

1,959.0

2,110.6

2,871.6

 Long-term debt 

677.7

972.2

1,703.9

1,948.4

2,538.3

 Shareholders’ equity 

5,601.6

4,343.1

3,063.8

2,813.6

2,730.1

 Cash dividends declared per common share 

6.25

0.50

—

—

0.75

 Other Data

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

$

1,769.7

1,700.1

461.6

359.1

310.7

 Capital expenditures and investments 

698.2

317.3

102.4

133.2

311.0

 Net cash (used in) investing activities 

(368.0

)

(291.0

)

(87.7

)

(140.3

)

(266.8

)

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(685.8

)

(947.2

)

(48.8

)

(244.8

)

101.0

 Division Results

 Phelps Dodge Mining Company operating income (loss) 

$

1,929.9

1,606.7

265.2

(65.0

)

(83.6

)

 Phelps Dodge Industries operating income 

14.6

18.8

13.7

(17.5

)

12.2

 Corporate and other operating loss 

(179.6

)

(150.6

)

(136.1

)

(174.9

)

(19.2

)

$

1,764.9

1,474.9

142.8

(257.4

)

(90.6

)

 Copper

 Copper
production — thousand short tons (h) 

1,228.0

1,260.6

1,042.5

1,012.1

1,145.2

 Copper sales from own mines — thousand short tons (h)

1,238.4

1,268.9

1,052.6

1,034.5

1,156.0

 COMEX copper price (per pound) (f) 

$

1.68

1.29

0.81

0.72

0.73

 LME copper price (per pound) (g) 

$

1.67

1.30

0.81

0.71

0.72

 Commercially recoverable copper (million tons)

 Ore reserves (h) 

17.7

23.2

19.5

19.6

22.1

 Stockpiles and in-process inventories (h) 

1.5

1.6

1.6

1.4

0.9

19.2

24.8

21.1

21.0

23.0

 *

2005 and 2004 reflected full consolidation of El Abra and Candelaria; 2003-2001
reflected El Abra and Candelaria on a pro rata basis (51 percent and 80 percent,
respectively). As a result of the Company’s agreement to sell Columbian Chemicals Company (Columbian),
previously disclosed as our Specialty Chemicals segment, the operating results for Columbian have
been reported separately from continuing operations and shown as discontinued operations for all
periods presented.

 **

Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale, to our Consolidated
Financial Statements contained herein for further discussion.

 ***

Basic and diluted earnings per common share do not reflect the stock split, which was
approved by the board of directors on February 1, 2006. Refer to Note 24, Stock Split, for
further discussion.

Table of Contents

43

     All references to per share earnings or loss are based on diluted earnings (loss)
per share.

 (a)

Reported amounts included after-tax, net special charges of $331.8 million, or $3.28 per
common share, for asset impairment charges; tax expense of $88.1 million, or 87 cents per
common share, for foreign dividend taxes; $86.4 million, or 85 cents per common share, for
environmental provisions; $42.6 million, or 42 cents per common share, for charges associated
with discontinued operations in connection with
the pending sale of Columbian; $41.3 million, or 41 cents per common share, for early debt
extinguishment costs; $34.5 million (net of minority interest), or 35 cents per common share, for
tax on unremitted foreign earnings; $23.6 million, or 23 cents per common share, for a tax charge
associated with minimum pension liability reversal; $10.1 million, or 10 cents per common share,
for cumulative effect of accounting change; $5.9 million, or 6 cents per common share, for
transaction and employee-related costs associated with the sale of North American magnet wire
assets; partially offset by special gains of $388.0 million, or $3.83 per common share, for sale
of a cost-basis investment; $181.7 million, or $1.80 per common share, for change of interest
gains at Cerro Verde and Ojos del Salado; $15.6 million, or 16 cents per common share, for legal
matters; $11.9 million, or 12 cents per common share, for the reversal of PD Brazil deferred tax
asset valuation allowance; $8.5 million, or 8 cents per common share, for the sale of non-core
real estate; $4.0 million, or 4 cents per common share, for the reversal of U.S. deferred tax
asset valuation allowance; $0.4 million, or 1 cent per common share, for environmental insurance
recoveries; and $0.1 million for Magnet Wire restructuring activities. The after-tax, net special
charges of $42.6 million associated with discontinued operations consisted of $67.0 million (net
of minority interests), or 66 cents per common share, for a goodwill impairment charge; taxes of
$7.6 million, or 8 cents per common share, associated with the sale and dividends paid in 2005; and $5.0 million, or 5 cents per common share, for a loss on disposal of Columbian
associated with transaction and employee-related costs; partially offset by a deferred income tax
benefit of $37.0 million, or 37 cents per common share.

 (b)

Reported amounts included after-tax, net special charges of $44.7 million, or 45 cents per
common share, for environmental provisions; $30.9 million (net of minority interests), or 31
cents per common share, for early debt extinguishment costs; $9.9 million, or 10 cents per
common share, for the write-down of two cost-basis investments; $9.6 million, or 10 cents per
common share, for taxes on anticipated foreign dividends; $9.0 million, or 9 cents per common
share, for a deferred tax asset valuation allowance at our Brazilian wire and cable operation;
$7.6 million, or 8 cents per common share, for Magnet Wire restructuring activities; $5.9
million, or 6 cents per common share, for asset impairments (included $4.5 million, or 4 cents
per common share, for discontinued operations); and $0.7 million, or 1 cent per common share,
for interest on a Texas franchise tax matter; partially offset by special gains of $30.0
million, or 31 cents per common share, for the reversal of a U.S. deferred tax asset valuation
allowance; $15.7 million (net of minority interest), or 16 cents per common share, for the
reversal of an El Abra deferred tax asset valuation allowance; $10.1 million, or 10 cents per
common share, for the gain on the sale of uranium royalty rights; $7.4 million, or 7 cents per
common share, for environmental insurance recoveries; and $4.7 million, or 5 cents per common
share, for the settlement of historical legal matters.

 (c)

Reported amounts included after-tax, net special gains of $2.4 million, or 3 cents per common
share, for the termination of a foreign postretirement benefit plan associated with
discontinued operations; $0.5 million, or 1 cent per common share, for environmental insurance
recoveries; $0.2 million for the reassessment of prior restructuring programs; $6.4 million,
or 7 cents per common share, on the sale of a cost-basis investment; $8.4 million, or 9 cents
per common share, for cumulative effect of an accounting change; $1.0 million, or 1 cent per
common share, for the tax benefit relating to additional 2001 net operating loss carryback;
and an extraordinary gain of $68.3 million, or 76 cents per common share, on the acquisition
of our partner’s one-third interest in Chino Mines Company; partially offset by charges of
$27.0 million, or 30 cents per common share, for environmental provisions (included a gain of
$0.5 million, or 1 cent per common share, for discontinued operations); $8.0 million, or 9
cents per common share, for a probable Texas franchise tax matter; $2.9 million, or 3 cents
per common share, for the settlement of historical legal matters; and $2.6 million, or 3 cents
per common share, for asset and goodwill impairments.

 (d)

Reported amounts included after-tax, net special charges of $153.5 million, or $1.82 per
common share, for Phelps Dodge Mining Company asset impairment charges and closure provisions;
$53.0 million, or 63 cents per common share, for historical lawsuit settlements; $45.0
million, or 54 cents per common share, for a historical arbitration award; $26.6 million, or
32 cents per common share, for early debt extinguishment costs; $23.0 million, or 27 cents per
common share, for Phelps Dodge Industries restructuring activities; $22.9 million, or 27 cents
per common share, for cumulative effect of an accounting change; $14.0 million, or 17 cents
per common share, for environmental provisions (included a gain of $0.6 million, or 1 cent per
common share, for discontinued operations); $1.2 million, or 1 cent per common share, for the
write-off of two cost-basis investments; $1.0 million, or 1 cent per common share, for the
settlement of legal matters; and $0.5 million, or 1 cent per common share, for the
reassessment and additional retirement benefits in connection with prior restructuring
programs; partially offset by special gains of $29.1 million, or 35 cents per common share,
for environmental insurance recoveries; $22.6 million, or 27 cents per common share, for the
gain on the sale of a non-core parcel of real estate; $13.0 million, or 15 cents per common
share, for the release of deferred taxes previously provided with regard to Plateau Mining
Corporation; and $66.6 million, or 79 cents per common share, for the tax benefit relating to
the net operating loss carryback prior to 2002 resulting from a change in U.S. tax
legislation; and $0.5 million, or 1 cent per common share, associated with discontinued
operations for the reassessment of a prior restructuring program.

 (e)

Reported amounts included after-tax, net special gains of $61.8 million, or 79 cents per
common share, for environmental insurance recoveries; $39.9 million, or 51 cents per common
share, for the gain on the sale of Sossego; $9.0 million, or 11 cents per common share, for an
insurance settlement for potential future legal matters; offset by special charges of $57.9
million, or 74 cents per common share, to provide a deferred tax valuation allowance; $31.1
million, or 40 cents per common share, for environmental provisions (included $1.4 million, or
2 cents per common share, for discontinued operations); $29.8 million, or 38 cents per common
share, for restructuring activities; $12.9 million, or 16 cents per common share, for
investment impairments; $2.0 million, or 3 cents per common share, for cumulative effect of an
accounting change; and $3.4 million, or 4 cents per common share, for other items, net.

 (f)

New York Commodity Exchange annual average spot price per pound — cathodes.

 (g)

London Metal Exchange annual average spot price per pound — cathodes.

 (h)

2005 and 2004 reflected production, sales and commercially recoverable copper on a
consolidated basis; 2003-2001 reflected that information on a pro rata basis. The decrease in
ore reserves at December 31, 2005, was primarily due to the reduction of the Company’s interest
in Cerro Verde to 53.6 percent from 82.5 percent, new pit designs at Bagdad, Cerro Verde,
Chino, Cobre, Tyrone and Candelaria, as well as 2005 production.

Table of Contents

44

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The information called for in Item 7 appears on pages 45 through 95 of this report.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The information called for in Item 7A appears on pages 33 through 36, 45 through 47 and 81
through 87 of this report.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information called for in Item 8 appears on pages 98 through 145 of this report.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

     Disclosure Controls and Procedures

     The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to
ensure information required to be disclosed by the Company is accumulated and communicated to
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, in a timely manner.

     An evaluation of the effectiveness of this system of disclosure controls and procedures was
performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including
the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, the Company’s management, including the
Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that the current system of
controls and procedures is effective.

     Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

     The reports required to be furnished pursuant to this item appear on pages 96 and 97,
respectively.

     Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

     The Company’s management, including the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, has evaluated the Company’s internal control over financial reporting to determine whether
any changes occurred during the period covered by this annual report that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting. Based on that evaluation, there has been no such change in the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2005.

Item 9B. Other Information

None.

Table of Contents

45

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment
and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of Phelps Dodge
Corporation (the Company, which also may be referred to as Phelps Dodge, PD, we, us or our). It
should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes.
Our business consists of two major divisions, Phelps Dodge Mining Company (PDMC) and Phelps Dodge
Industries (PDI).

     The U.S. securities laws provide a “safe harbor” for certain forward-looking statements. This
annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements.
Statements regarding the expected commencement dates of operations, projected quantities of
commercially recoverable copper and molybdenum from ore reserves and stockpiles, projected
quantities of future production, capital costs, production rates, cash flow and other operating and
financial data are based on expectations that the Company believes are reasonable, but we can give
no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct.

     Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others: risks and
uncertainties relating to general U.S. and international economic and political conditions; the
cyclical and volatile price of copper, molybdenum and other commodities; volatility in our
financial performance caused by our copper price protection programs; volatility in energy prices,
including the price of electricity, diesel fuel and natural gas; pressure on our copper production
costs; the cost of environmental and regulatory compliance; the cost of mine closure regulations,
including the ability to obtain surety bonds or other financial assurance for reclamation
obligations; uncertainty relating to levels of ore reserves and mill and leach stockpiles; the
ability to replenish our copper and molybdenum ore reserves; political and economic risks
associated with foreign operations; and operational risks, including: unanticipated ground and
water conditions and adverse claims to water rights; geological problems; metallurgical and other
processing problems; the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force
majeure events; lower than expected ore grades and recovery rates; accidents; delays in the receipt
of or failure to receive necessary government permits; the results of appeals of agency decisions
or other litigation; uncertainty of exploration and development; delays in transportation; labor
disputes; inability to obtain satisfactory insurance coverage; unavailability of materials and
equipment; the failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or
expectations; unanticipated difficulties consolidating acquired operations and obtaining expected
synergies; and the results of financing efforts and financial market conditions.

     These and other risk factors are discussed in more detail under Risk Factors on pages 33
through 36 and elsewhere herein. Many such factors are beyond our ability to control or predict.
Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We disclaim any
intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

Overview of Phelps Dodge Corporation’s Businesses and Management’s Assessment of Key Factors
and Indicators that Could Impact Our Business, Operating Results and Cash Flows

     Phelps Dodge is one of the world’s leading producers of copper and molybdenum, and is the
world’s largest producer of molybdenum-based chemicals and continuous-cast copper rod. PDMC is an
international business division comprising our vertically integrated copper operations from mining
through rod production, marketing and sales; molybdenum operations from mining through conversion
to chemical and metallurgical products, marketing and sales; other mining operations and
investments; and worldwide mineral exploration, technology and project development programs. Our
copper mines include Morenci, Bagdad, Sierrita, Miami, Chino, Cobre, Tyrone and Tohono in the
United States and Candelaria, Cerro Verde, El Abra and Ojos del Salado in South America. The
Primary Molybdenum segment includes our Henderson and Climax molybdenum mines in the United States.

     PDI, our manufacturing division, consists of our Wire and Cable segment which produces
engineered products principally for the global energy sector. Its operations are characterized by
products with significant market share, internationally competitive costs and quality, and
specialized engineering capabilities. Wire and Cable consists of three worldwide product-line
businesses comprising magnet wire, energy cables and specialty conductors.

     On November 15, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement to sell Columbian Chemicals
Company (Columbian Chemicals or Columbian), previously disclosed as our Specialty Chemicals
segment, to a company owned jointly by One Equity Partners, a private equity affiliate of JPMorgan
Chase & Co., and South Korean-based DC Chemical Co. Ltd. This transaction is expected to be
completed in the 2006 first quarter. As a result of this proposed transaction, the operating
results of Columbian, which were previously reported as a segment of PDI, are now reported
separately from continuing operations and shown as discontinued operations in the Consolidated
Statement of Income. In addition, on November 15, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement to
sell substantially all of its North American magnet wire assets to Rea Magnet Wire Company, Inc.
This transaction was completed on February 10, 2006. (Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations and
Assets Held for Sale, for further discussion of these transactions.)

     The Company is continuing to explore strategic alternatives for Phelps Dodge High Performance
Conductors, a unit of Wire and Cable.

     From an overall Phelps Dodge perspective, the most significant risks associated with our
businesses, or factors that could impact our businesses, operating results and cash flows, have
been described under Risk Factors on pages 33 through 36, which we hereby incorporate into this
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations by reference.
Below, we describe how certain risks, including the volatility of copper and

Table of Contents

46

molybdenum prices,
increased energy costs, our cost structure,
environmental and regulatory compliance, and mine closure regulations, affected our operations
and financial results during 2005 and impact our short-term outlook. Additionally, our ability to
replenish our copper and molybdenum ore reserves, which are depleted as we mine, is important to
our long-term viability.

     Markets. Copper is a fundamental material used in residential and commercial construction,
electrical and electronics equipment, transportation, industrial machinery and consumer durable
goods. Copper is an internationally traded commodity and the copper market is volatile and
cyclical. During the past 15 years, the New York Commodity Exchange (COMEX) prices per pound have
ranged from a high of $2.28 to a low of 60 cents. Any material change in the price we receive for
copper has a significant effect on our results.

     After a protracted downturn in demand and correspondingly lower prices that began in the early
part of 2000, the market dynamics for copper began improving at the end of 2003 and have continued
through 2005.

     In 2003, China overtook the United States as the largest consumer of refined copper in the
world and during 2005 retained this position. In 2005, global copper production was constrained by
numerous production disruptions at mines and smelters throughout the world. Production was affected
by many factors including strikes, earthquakes, equipment failures and various other interruptions.
This reduced supply more than offset lower consumption growth of 1 to 2 percent during the year. As a
result, reported world exchange inventories remained at very low levels throughout 2005, declining
from approximately 125,000 metric tons at the end of 2004 to approximately 72,000 metric tons in
mid-2005, and increasing to approximately 156,000 metric tons at the end of 2005. For 2005, the
copper market continued to be in a deficit of approximately 200,000 metric tons. These market
fundamentals, combined with large speculative positions, a weakening U.S. dollar and low U.S.
interest rates, resulted in COMEX prices averaging $1.68 per pound in 2005, almost 40 cents above
the average for 2004. COMEX copper prices increased to $2.28 per pound at the end of 2005.

     Even if global copper production problems do not recur and the copper market returns to a
modest surplus, Phelps Dodge expects that continued strong demand for copper, led by China, the
expected improvements in consumption in the United States and Europe and the current low inventory
levels will continue to support copper prices in 2006.

     Molybdenum is characterized by volatile, cyclical prices, even more so than copper. During the
past 15 years, Metals Week Dealer Oxide prices per pound have ranged from a high of $40.00 to a low
of $1.82. Molybdenum experienced a significant price improvement during 2005, far outpacing those
recorded in the previous two years. The 
Metals Week Dealer Oxide mean price increased 93 percent
from the 2004 mean price of $16.41 per pound to $31.73 per pound in 2005. Global production
increased approximately 6 percent in 2005. We estimate that demand increased approximately 3
percent in 2005. In 2006, supply from China is expected to increase; however, it remains difficult
to estimate. Molybdenum oxide supply is expected to increase as western roasting capacity
restraints are moderated. The stainless steel, specialty steel and specialty chemical sectors are
expected to continue to grow, led by capital spending increases and growth in China.

     Wire and cable products serve a variety of markets, including energy, construction, consumer
and industrial products, aerospace, medical devices, transportation and natural resources. Products
include magnet wire, energy cables and specialty conductors. These products advance technology and
support infrastructure development in growing regions of the world.

     During 2005, wire and cable sales experienced an increase in sales and profitability resulting
from increased demand in the international markets. For 2006, wire and cable products are expected
to continue to experience an increase in sales and profitability as the U.S., Asian and Latin
American economies continue to grow.

     Energy Costs. Energy, including electricity, diesel fuel and natural gas, represents a
significant portion of the production costs for our operations. During 2005, energy costs increased
significantly, affecting our profitability. In 2005, energy accounted for 19.5 cents of our per
pound copper production cost, compared with 14.6 cents in 2004 and 13.5 cents in 2003.

     To moderate or offset the impact of increasing energy costs, we use a combination of
multi-year energy contracts that we put in place at favorable points in the price cycle as well as
self-generation and natural gas hedging. Additionally, we enter into price protection programs for
our diesel fuel and natural gas purchases to protect against significant short-term upward
movements in energy prices while maintaining the flexibility to participate in any favorable price
movements. However, increasing energy costs have affected our profitability. For example, as our
diesel fuel and natural gas price protection programs were extended at gradually increasing prices,
our energy costs increased to 19.5 cents per pound of copper production. In 2006, we may continue
to experience higher energy costs if the current energy commodity prices remain at the levels
experienced in 2005.

     We continue to explore alternatives to moderate or offset the impact to increasing energy
costs. To address volatility associated with a shortfall of power generation capacity experienced
during the 2000 energy crisis in the western United States, in late 2004 we purchased a one-third
interest in a partially constructed power plant in New Mexico owned by Duke Energy Luna, LLC
(Luna). The plant is expected to be operating by the 2006 second quarter. One-third of its
electricity (approximately 190 megawatts) is expected to be consumed by PDMC operations in New
Mexico and Arizona. This investment in an efficient, low-cost plant is expected to continue to
stabilize our southwest U.S. operations’ energy costs, and increase the reliability of our energy
supply.

     Cost Structure. We continue to experience increases in our worldwide copper production
costs. One factor affecting our increase in average cost of copper production is our decision, in
response to strong demand for copper, to return to production certain higher cost properties. Our
costs are also affected by the prices of commodities and equipment we consume or use in our
operations. In addition, our cost structure for copper production is generally higher than that of
some major producers, whose principal mines are located outside the United States. This is due to
lower ore grades, higher labor costs (including pension and health-care costs) and, in some cases,
stricter

Table of Contents

47

regulatory requirements. Our competitive cost position receives much attention from senior
management and we continue to drive cost savings through common site processes and sharing best
practices, as well as developing improvements in technologies.

Environmental and Mine Closure Regulatory Compliance. Our global operations are subject to
stringent various federal, state and local laws and regulations related to improving or maintaining
environmental quality. Environmental laws often require parties to pay for remedial action or to
pay damages regardless of fault and may also often impose liability with respect to divested or
terminated operations, even if the operations were terminated or divested many years ago. The
amended federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM) regulations governing mined-land reclamation for
mining on federal lands will likely increase our regulatory obligations and compliance costs over
time with respect to mine closure reclamation. We are also subject to state and international laws
and regulations that establish requirements for mined-land reclamation and financial assurance.
During 2005, we accelerated certain reclamation and remediation activities on a voluntary basis. In
addition, during 2005, the Company’s board of directors approved establishing a trust dedicated to
help fund our global environmental reclamation and remediation activities. The Company made an
initial cash contribution of $100 million to the trust on December 22, 2005, and expects to
contribute an additional $300 million in the 2006 first quarter. The Company also has trust assets
that are legally restricted to fund a portion of its AROs for Chino, Tyrone and Cobre as required
for New Mexico financial assurance. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the fair value of the trust
assets was approximately $191 million and $85 million, respectively, of which approximately $91
million and $85 million, respectively, were legally restricted.

Ore Reserves. We use several strategies to replenish and grow our copper and molybdenum ore
reserves. Our first consideration is to invest in mining and exploration properties near our
existing operations. These additions allow us to develop adjacent properties with relatively small,
incremental investments in operations. On September 16, 2005, the federal BLM completed a land
exchange with the Company for property in Safford, Arizona, and on February 1, 2006, the Company’s
board of directors conditionally approved, subject to obtaining several key state permits,
development of a new copper mine on the property. Various resources from our nearby operations and
additional local resources will be used to develop the facility. (Refer to PDMC — Other Matters on
pages 70 and 71 for further discussion.)

     Technology innovations not only improve productivity, but also may increase our ore reserves.
Developing and applying new technologies, such as our success with solution
extraction/electrowinning beginning in the early 1980s, creates the ability to process ore types we
previously considered uneconomic. During 2005, the Company successfully tested proprietary
technology that more cost-effectively processes chalcopyrite concentrates, which we are planning to
use at our expanded Morenci facility. Other technologies are currently being developed and tested
for additional ore types.

     Our exploration strategy focuses on identifying new mining opportunities in Latin America,
Asia, Australia, Central Africa and other regions. In several cases, we pursue these opportunities
with joint-venture partners. By working with others, we maximize the potential benefits of our
exploration expenditures and spread costs and risks among several parties. For example during 2005,
we exercised our option to acquire a 57.75 percent controlling interest in the Tenke Fungurume
copper/cobalt mining concessions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. (Refer to PDMC — Other
Matters on pages 70 and 71 for further discussion.)

     Acquisitions also may contribute to increased ore reserves. If acquisition opportunities
present themselves, we consider them, but we pursue them only if they pass our rigorous screenings
for adding economic value to the Company.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

     Phelps Dodge’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of
operations are based upon its Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The
preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. The more significant areas requiring the use of
management estimates and assumptions relate to mineral reserves that are the basis for future cash
flow estimates and units-of-production depreciation and amortization calculations; environmental
and asset retirement obligations; estimates of recoverable copper in mill and leach stockpiles;
asset impairments (including estimates of future cash flows); pension, postemployment,
postretirement and other employee benefit liabilities; bad debt reserves, realization of deferred
tax assets; reserves for contingencies and litigation; and fair value of financial instruments.
Phelps Dodge bases its estimates on the Company’s historical experience and its expectations of the
future and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

     Phelps Dodge believes the following significant assumptions and estimates affect its more
critical practices and accounting policies used in the preparation of its Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Ore Reserves. Phelps Dodge, at least annually, estimates its ore reserves at active