, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 11. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities.

Air Pollution Control

The Clean Air Act and its regulations require controls of emissions from sources of air pollution and also impose record keeping, reporting and permit requirements. Facilities that we operate or in which we have an ownership interest are subject to these federal requirements, as well as
 requirements established under state and local air pollution laws applicable where those facilities are located. Capital costs of complying with air pollution control requirements through 2010 are included in our estimate of construction expenditures in Item 7. MD&A—Capital Requirements.

The New Jersey Air Pollution Control Act requires that certain sources of air emissions obtain operating permits issued by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP). All of our generating facilities in New Jersey are required to have such operating permits. Our generating
 facilities in New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and Texas are under jurisdiction of their respective state’s environmental agencies. The costs of compliance associated with any new requirements that may be imposed by these permits in the future are not known at this time and are not included
 in capital expenditures, but may be material.

 •

 SO

2

, NO

x

 and Particulate Matter Emissions
—Since January 1, 2000 the Clean Air Act set a cap on SO

2

 emissions from affected units and allocates SO
2

 allowances to those units with the stated intent of reducing the impact of acid rain. Generation units with emissions greater than their
 allocations can obtain allowances from sources that have excess allowances. We do not expect to incur material expenditures to continue complying with the acid rain program.

 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published the final Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) that identified 28 states and the District of Columbia as contributing significantly to the levels of fine particulates and/or eight-hour ozone air quality in downwind states. New Jersey,
 New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and Connecticut were among the states the EPA listed in the CAIR. Based on state obligations to address interstate transport of pollutants under the Clean Air Act, the EPA had proposed a two-phased emission reduction program with Phase 1 beginning in
 2009 for NO
x

 and 2010 for SO
2

 and Phase 2 beginning in 2015. The EPA is recommending that the program be implemented through a cap-and-trade program, although states are not required to proceed in this manner.

 In December 2008, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit remanded CAIR back to the EPA to fix the flaws within CAIR. CAIR will remain in effect until the EPA issues new rules.

26

 The remand allows the NO
x 

trading program in CAIR to commence in 2009, with the annual NO
x 

cap-and-trade program starting on January 1, 2009 (NJ, NY, PA, TX), and the Ozone season NO
x 

cap-and-trade program starting May 1, 2009 (NJ, NY, CT, PA) in a separate and distinct cap-
 and-trade program. It is anticipated that, in aggregate, we will be net buyers of annual NO
x 

allowances but will likely be allocated sufficient allowances to satisfy Ozone season NO
x 

emissions. At recent market prices of annual NO
x

 allowances, the cost of our estimated shortfall requirement
 of 3,000 allowances is approximately $10 million for 2009. The future direction of the market is unclear due to the recent court ruling and pending new administration leadership. The final cost of compliance is uncertain due to market instability.

 If the SO
2

 part of CAIR is initiated on January 1, 2010, the financial impact to us is anticipated to be minimal due to the surplus allowances banked from the acid rain program that can be used to satisfy CAIR obligations.

Water Pollution Control

The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (FWPCA) prohibits the discharge of pollutants to waters of the U.S. from point sources, except pursuant to a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit issued by the EPA or by a state under a federally authorized state program.
 The FWPCA authorizes the imposition of technology-based and water quality-based effluent limits to regulate the discharge of pollutants into surface waters and ground waters. The EPA has delegated authority to a number of state agencies, including those in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut
 and Texas, to administer the NPDES program through state acts. We also have ownership interests in facilities in other jurisdictions that have their own laws and implement regulations to control discharges to their surface waters and ground waters that directly govern our facilities in those
 jurisdictions.

The EPA promulgated regulations under FWPCA Section 316(b), which require that cooling water intake structures reflect the best technology available (BTA) for minimizing adverse environmental impact. The Phase II rule covering large existing power plants became effective in 2004. The
 Phase II regulations provided five alternative methods by which a facility can demonstrate that it complies with the requirement for best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impacts associated with cooling water intake structures.

In January 2007, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued a decision that remanded major portions of the regulations and determined that Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act does not support the use of restoration and the site-specific cost-benefit test. The court instructed the
 EPA to reconsider the definition of best technology available without comparing the costs of the best performing technology to its benefits. Prior to this decision, we had used restoration and/or a site-specific cost-benefit test in applications we had filed to renew the permits at our once-through
 cooled plants, including Salem, Hudson and Mercer. Although the rule applies to all of our electric generating units that use surface waters for once-through cooling purposes, the impact of the rule and the decision of the court cannot be determined at this time.

The U.S. Supreme Court granted the request of industry petitioners, including us, to review the question of whether Section 316(b) of the FWPCA allows the EPA to compare costs with benefits in determining the “best technology available” for minimizing adverse environmental impact at cooling
 water intake structures. It is anticipated that the U.S. Supreme Court will render a decision before the end of its 2008-2009 term.

The decision could have a material impact on our ability to renew NPDES permits at our larger once-through cooled plants, including Salem, Hudson, Mercer, Bridgeport and possibly Sewaren and New Haven, without making significant upgrades to our existing intake structures and cooling
 systems. The costs of those upgrades to one or more of our once-through cooled plants could be material and would require economic review to determine whether to continue operations.

Hazardous Substance Liability

Because of the nature of our businesses, including the production and delivery of electricity, the distribution of gas and, formerly, the manufacture of gas, various by-products and substances are or were produced or 

27

handled that contain constituents classified by federal and state authorities as hazardous. Federal and state laws impose liability for damages to the environment from hazardous substances. This liability can include obligations to conduct an environmental remediation of discharged hazardous
 substances as well as monetary payments, regardless of the absence of fault and the absence of any prohibitions against the activity when it occurred, as compensation for injuries to natural resources.

 •

 Site Remediation
—The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and the New Jersey Spill Compensation and Control Act (Spill Act) require the remediation of discharged hazardous substances and authorize the EPA, the NJDEP
 and private parties to commence lawsuits to compel clean-ups or reimbursement for clean-ups of discharged hazardous substances. The clean-ups of hazardous substances can be more complicated and the costs higher when the hazardous substances are in a body of water.

 •

 Natural Resource Damages
—CERCLA and the Spill Act authorize federal and state trustees for natural resources to assess damages against persons who have discharged a hazardous substance, causing an injury to natural resources. Pursuant to the Spill Act, the NJDEP requires persons
 conducting remediation to characterize injuries to natural resources and to address those injuries through restoration or damages. The NJDEP adopted regulations concerning site investigation and remediation that require an ecological evaluation of potential damages to natural resources in
 connection with an environmental investigation of contaminated sites. The NJDEP also issued guidance to assist parties in calculating their natural resource damage liability for settlement purposes, but has stated that those calculations are applicable only for those parties that volunteer to
 settle a claim for natural resource damages before a claim is asserted by the NJDEP. We are currently unable to assess the magnitude of the potential financial impact of this regulatory change.

Fuel and Waste Disposal

 •

 Nuclear Fuel Disposal
—The federal government has entered into contracts with the operators of nuclear power plants for transportation and ultimate disposal of spent nuclear fuel. To pay for this service, nuclear plant owners are required to contribute to a Nuclear Waste Fund. The DOE has
 announced that it does not expect a facility for such purpose to be available earlier than 2017.

 Spent nuclear fuel generated in any reactor can be stored in reactor facility storage pools or in Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installations located at reactors or away-from reactor sites for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for the reactor. We have an on-site storage facility that is
 expected to satisfy Salem 1’s, Salem 2’s and Hope Creek’s storage needs through the end of their current licenses as well as storage needs over the units’ anticipated 20 year license extensions. Exelon Generation has advised us that it has an on-site storage facility that will satisfy Peach
 Bottom’s storage requirements until at least 2014.

 •

 Low Level Radioactive Waste
—As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generation units produce low level radioactive waste. Such waste includes paper, plastics, protective clothing, water purification materials and other materials. These waste materials are accumulated on site and
 disposed of at licensed permanent disposal facilities. New Jersey, Connecticut and South Carolina have formed the Atlantic Compact, which gives New Jersey nuclear generators continued access to the Barnwell waste disposal facility which is owned by South Carolina. We believe that the
 Atlantic Compact will provide for adequate low level radioactive waste disposal for Salem and Hope Creek through the end of their current licenses including full decommissioning, although no assurances can be given. There are on-site storage facilities for Salem, Hope Creek and Peach
 Bottom, which we believe have the capacity for at least five years of temporary storage for each facility.

Climate Change

In response to global climate change, many states, primarily in the Northeastern U.S., have developed state-specific and regional legislative initiatives to stimulate national climate legislation through CO
2 

emission reductions in the electric power industry. Ten Northeastern states, including New
 Jersey, New York and Connecticut, have signed a memorandum of understanding establishing the RGGI intended to cap and reduce 

28

CO
2

 emissions

in the region. A model rule to reflect the memorandum of understanding was established and, in general, states adopted the elements of the model rule into state-specific rules to enable the RGGI regulatory mandate in each state.

States’ rules require the creation of a CO
2

 allowance allocation and/or auction whereby generators would be expected to receive through allocation, or purchase through an auction, CO
2

 allowances corresponding to each facility’s emissions. The first two CO
2

 emissions allowance auctions under
 RGGI were held in September and December 2008, resulting in prices of $3.07 and $3.38 per allowance, respectively. We anticipate that our 2009 generation would require purchases of approximately 16 million allowances at a total estimated cost of approximately $60 million at recent market
 prices.

New Jersey adopted the Global Warming Response Act in 2007, which calls for stabilizing its greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels by 2020, followed by a further reduction of greenhouse emissions to 80% below 2006 levels by 2050. To reach this goal, the NJDEP, the BPU, other state
 agencies and stakeholders are required to evaluate methods to meet and exceed the emission reduction targets, taking into account their economic benefits and costs.

In January 2008, additional legislation was enacted authorizing the NJDEP to sell, exchange, retire, assign, allocate or auction allowances from greenhouse gas emission reductions and set forth the procedural requirements to be followed by the NJDEP if allowances are auctioned. Auction proceeds
 would be used to provide grants and other forms of assistance for the purpose of energy efficiency, renewable energy and new high efficiency generation to stimulate or reward investment in the development of innovative CO
2

 reduction or avoidance technologies

and stewardship of New Jersey’s
 forests and tidal marshes. The BPU allows an electric or gas public utility to offer programs for energy efficiency, conservation and Class I renewables and to recover associated costs, as well as a return on investment, in rates. The law further provides that the BPU shall adopt an emissions
 portfolio standard or other regulatory mechanism, to mitigate “leakage” by July 1, 2009, unless New Jersey’s Attorney General determines that this will unconstitutionally burden interstate commerce or would be preempted by federal law.

Absent the implementation of any mitigation mechanisms, the operations of plants within the RGGI region are likely to be reduced since the added costs to reduce CO
2

 emissions would increase operating costs making the less expensive facilities outside the RGGI region more likely to be
 dispatched.

On January 29, 2009, an owner of an electric generating unit in New York filed a complaint in New York state court challenging the legality of New York’s implementation of RGGI under both State and Federal law. The outcome of this litigation cannot be predicted, but could impact the
 continued implementation of RGGI in New York and potentially the RGGI region.

The new legislation also authorizes the BPU to require the disclosure on customer bills of the environmental characteristics of the delivered energy, to develop an interim renewable energy portfolio standard, a requirement for net metering and electric and gas energy efficiency portfolio standards.

A federal program that would impose uniform requirements on all sources of greenhouse gas emissions has not been implemented, thereby allowing for state and regional programs that may establish requirements that impose different costs in the markets where we compete.

In 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision stating that the EPA has authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles as air pollutants. This decision could have a future impact on us if the Supreme Court’s opinion or the section of the Clean Air Act relied upon by
 the Supreme Court in its decision is found to be supportive of regulating CO
2

 from other sources, including generation units, and it was applied by the EPA to existing regulatory programs under the Clean Air Act applicable to air emissions from our facilities.

The outcome of global climate change initiatives cannot be determined; however, adoption of stringent CO
2

 emissions reduction requirements in the Northeast, including the potential allocation of allowances to our facilities and the prices of allowances available through auction, could materially
 impact our operations. The financial impact of a requirement to purchase allowances for emissions of CO
2

 would be greatest on coal-

29

fired generating units

because they typically have the highest CO
2

 emission rate and thereby the need to purchase the most allowances. Gas-fired units would require fewer allowances and nuclear units would not need any allowances. Further, any addition of CO
2

 limit requirements under a
 national program, either through existing authority under the Clean Air Act, or under other legislative authority, could impose an additional financial impact on our fossil generation activities beyond that imposed by state and regional programs, such as RGGI. It is premature to determine the
 positive or negative financial impact of a future federal climate change program because it is difficult to determine the effect of such program on the dispatch of our electric generation units compared to the dispatch of other power generating companies, particularly those which may have a larger
 carbon footprint.

SEGMENT INFORMATION

Financial information with respect to our business segments is set forth in Note 20. Financial Information by Business Segment.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

The following factors should be considered when reviewing our businesses. These factors could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or net cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this document.

The factors discussed in Item 7. MD&A may also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and affect the market prices for our publicly traded securities. While we believe that we have identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks
 and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant.

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal, state and local regulatory agencies that affects, or may affect, our business.

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. Changes in regulation can cause significant delays in or materially affect business planning and transactions and can materially increase our costs. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our businesses, such as our ability to:

 •

 Obtain fair and timely rate relief
—Our utility’s base rates for electric and gas distribution are subject to regulation by the BPU and are effective until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. In addition, limited categories of costs such as fuel are recovered through adjustment clauses
 that are periodically reset to reflect current costs. Our transmission assets are regulated by the FERC and costs are recovered through rates set by the FERC. Inability to obtain a fair return on our investments or to recover material costs not included in rates would have a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 •

 Obtain required regulatory approvals
—The majority of our businesses operate under MBR authority granted by FERC. FERC has determined that our subsidiaries do not have market power and MBR rules have been satisfied. Failure to maintain MBR eligibility, or the effects of any severe
 mitigation measures that may be required if market power was re-evaluated in the future, could have a material adverse effect on us.

 We may also require various other regulatory approvals to, among other things, buy or sell assets, engage in transactions between our public utility and our other subsidiaries, and, in some cases, enter into financing arrangements, issue securities and allow our subsidiaries to pay dividends.
 Failure to obtain these approvals could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

 •

 Comply with regulatory requirements
—There are standards in place to ensure the reliability of the U. S. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system black-outs. These standards apply to all transmission owners and generation owners and operators. We are
 periodically audited for compliance. FERC can impose penalties up to $1 million per day per violation. In 

30

 addition, the FERC requires compliance with all of its rules and orders, including rules concerning Standards of Conduct, market behavior and anti-manipulation rules, interlocking directorate rules and cross-subsidization.

 The BPU conducts periodic combined management/competitive service audits of New Jersey utilities related to affiliate standard requirements, competitive services, cross-subsidization, cost allocation and other issues. We expect to be subject to management audits in 2009 and, while we
 believe that we are in compliance, we cannot predict the outcome of any audit.

There are two pending issues at the BPU stemming from the restructuring of the utility industry in New Jersey several years ago.

 •

 Treatment of previously approved stranded costs
—Our utility securitized $2.525 billion of generation and generation-related costs pursuant to an irrevocable, non-bypassable BPU financing order. The authority of the BPU to issue its order was upheld by the New Jersey Supreme Court in
 2001. An action seeking injunctive relief from our continued collection of the related charges, as well as recovery of amounts previously charged and collected, was filed in 2007 in the New Jersey Supreme Court. This action was summarily dismissed by that Court, and affirmed on appeal
 in February 2009. For additional information, see Legal Proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of the court proceeding or of a related action pending at the BPU.

 •

 Market Transition Charge (MTC) collected during the four-year industry transition period
—The BPU has raised certain questions with respect to the reconciliation method we employed in calculating the over-recovery of MTC and other charges during the four-year transition period from
 1999 to 2003. The amount in dispute was $114 million, which if required to be refunded to customers with interest through December 2008, would be $140 million. In January 2009, the Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) issued a decision which upheld our central contention that the 2004
 BPU order approving the Phase I settlement resolved the issues now raised by the Staff and Advocate, and that these issues should not be subject to re-litigation in respect of the first three years of the transition period. The ALJ’s decision states that the BPU could elect to convene a
 separate proceeding to address the fourth and final year reconciliation of MTC recoveries. The amount in dispute with respect to this Phase II period is approximately $50 million.

 Exceptions to the ALJ’s decision have been filed by the parties. The BPU may choose to accept, modify or reject the ALJ’s decision in reaching its final decision in the case. We do not expect a final BPU order before March 2009 and cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.

Certain of our leveraged lease transactions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, which would have a material adverse effect on our taxes, operating results and cash flows.

We have received Revenue Agent’s Reports from the IRS with respect to its audit of our federal corporate income tax returns for tax years 1997 through 2003, which disallowed all deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions. In addition, the IRS Reports proposed a 20% penalty
 for substantial understatement of tax liability.

As of December 31, 2008, $1.2 billion would become currently payable if we conceded all of the deductions taken through that date. We deposited a total of $180 million to defray potential interest costs associated with this disputed tax liability and may make additional deposits in 2009. As of
 December 31, 2008, penalties of $151 million could also become payable if the IRS is successful in its claims. If the IRS is successful in a litigated case consistent with the positions it has taken in a generic settlement offer recently proposed to us, an additional $130 million to $150 million of
 tax would be due for tax positions through December 31, 2008.

31

We are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our business, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities.

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land use, waste disposal, aesthetics, impact on global climate, natural resources damages and other matters. These laws and regulations affect the manner
 in which we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures. Future changes may result in increased compliance costs.

Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain any environmental permits or approvals, or delay or failure to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements, could:

 •

 prevent construction of new facilities,

 •

 prevent continued operation of existing facilities,

 •

 prevent the sale of energy from these facilities, or

 •

 result in significant additional costs which could materially affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.

In obtaining required approvals and maintaining compliance with laws and regulations, we focus on several key environmental issues, including:

 •

 Concerns over global climate change could result in laws and regulations to limit CO

2

 emissions or other “greenhouse” gases produced by our fossil generation facilities
—Federal and state legislation and regulation designed to address global climate change through the reduction of
 greenhouse gas emissions could materially impact our fossil generation facilities. Recent legislation enacted in New Jersey establishes aggressive goals for the reduction of CO

2

 emissions over a 40-year period. There

could be material modifications at a significant cost required for continued
 operation of our fossil generation facilities, including the potential need to purchase CO
2

 emission allowances. Such expenditures could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more such facilities. Multiple states, primarily in the Northeastern U.S., are developing or have
 developed state-specific or regional legislative initiatives to stimulate CO
2

 emissions reductions in the electric power industry. The RGGI began in 2009. Member states will control emissions of greenhouse gases by issuance of allowances to emit CO
2

 through an auction, allocation or a
 combination of the two methods.

 A significant portion of our fossil fuel-fired electric generation is located in states within the RGGI region and compete with electricity generators within PJM not located within a RGGI state. The costs or inability to purchase CO
2

 allowances for our fleet operating within a RGGI state
 could place us at an economic disadvantage compared to our competitors not located in a RGGI state.

 •

 Potential closed-cycle cooling requirements
—Our Salem nuclear generating facility has a permit from the NJDEP allowing for its continued operation with its existing cooling water system. That permit expired in July 2006. Our application to renew the permit, filed in February 2006,
 estimated the costs associated with cooling towers for Salem to be approximately $1 billion, of which our share was approximately $575 million.

 If the NJDEP and the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection were to require installation of closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent at our Mercer, Hudson, Bridgeport, Sewaren or New Haven generating stations, the related increased costs and impacts would be material to our
 financial position, results of operations and net cash flows and would require further economic review to determine whether to continue operations or decommission the stations.

 •

 Remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities
—We are subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous
 substances that we generated. Remediation activities associated with our former Manufactured Gas 

32

 Plant (MGP) operations are one source of such costs. Also, we are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances may have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future, the related costs of which could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 In June 2007, the State of New Jersey filed multiple lawsuits against parties, including us, who were alleged to be responsible for injuries to natural resources in New Jersey, including a site being remediated under our MGP program. We cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the
 costs or the timing thereof, that may be required with respect to these or other natural resource damages claims. For additional information, see Note 11. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities.

 More stringent air pollution control requirements in New Jersey
—Most of our generating facilities are located in New Jersey where restrictions are generally considered to be more stringent in comparison to other states. Therefore, there may be instances where the facilities located in New
 Jersey are subject to more restrictive and, therefore, more costly pollution control requirements and liability for damage to natural resources, than competing facilities in other states. Most of New Jersey has been classified as “nonattainment” with national ambient air quality standards for
 one or more air contaminants. This requires New Jersey to develop programs to reduce air emissions. Such programs can impose additional costs on us by requiring that we offset any emissions increases from new electric generators we may want to build and by setting more stringent
 emission limits on our facilities that run during the hottest days of the year.

 •

 Coal Ash Management
—A by-product of the combustion of coal is coal ash. Two types of coal ash are produced at our Hudson, Mercer and Bridgeport stations: bottom ash and fly ash. We currently have a program in which we beneficially re-use ash in other processes to avoid disposal.
 Coal ash is not currently regulated as a hazardous waste under federal and state law. Any future regulation of coal ash could result in additional costs which could be material.

Our ownership and operation of nuclear power plants involve regulatory, financial, environmental, health and safety risks.

Over half of our total generation output each year is provided by our nuclear fleet, which comprises approximately one-fourth of our total owned generation capacity. For this reason, we are exposed to risks related to the continued successful operation of our nuclear facilities and issues that may
 adversely affect the nuclear generation industry. These include:

 •

 Storage and Disposal of Spent Nuclear Fuel
—We currently use on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel and incur costs to maintain this storage. Potential increased costs of storage, handling and disposal of nuclear materials, including the availability or unavailability of a permanent repository
 for spent nuclear fuel, could impact future operations of these stations. In addition, the availability of an off-site repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect our ability to fully decommission our nuclear units in the future.

 •

 Regulatory and Legal Risk
—The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, or shut down a nuclear facility and impose substantial civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms and conditions of the licenses for nuclear generating
 facilities. As with all of our generation facilities, as discussed above, our nuclear facilities are also subject to comprehensive, evolving environmental regulation.

 Our nuclear generating facilities are currently operating under NRC licenses that expire in 2016, 2020, 2026, 2033 and 2034.While we have applied for extensions to these licenses for Peach Bottom II and III and expect to apply for extensions for Salem and Hope Creek, the extension
 process can be expected to take three to five years from commencement until completion of NRC review. We cannot be sure that we will receive the requested extensions or be able to operate the facilities for all or any portion of any extended license.

33

 •

 Operational Risk
—Operations at any of our nuclear generating units could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Since
 our nuclear fleet provides the majority of our generation output, any significant outage could result in reduced earnings as we would need to purchase or generate higher-priced energy to meet our contractual obligations. For additional information, see our discussion of operational
 performance for all of our generation facilities below.

 •

 Nuclear Incident or Accident Risk
—Accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred at nuclear stations both in the U.S. and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and may include loss of life and property damage. All our nuclear units are located at one of two
 sites. It is possible that an accident or other incident at a nuclear generating unit could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate unaffected units located at the same site, which would further affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. An accident or incident at
 a nuclear unit not owned by us could also affect our ability to operate our units. Any resulting financial impact from a nuclear accident may exceed our resources, including insurance coverages.

We may be adversely affected by changes in energy deregulation policies, including market design rules and developments affecting transmission.

The energy industry continues to experience significant change. Various rules have recently been implemented to respond to commodity pricing, reliability and other industry concerns. Our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets in each of PJM, New
 England and New York. Under these rules, generators located in constrained areas are paid more for their capacity so there is an incentive to locate in those areas where generation capacity is most needed. Because much of our generation is located in constrained areas in PJM and New England,
 the existence of these rules has had a positive impact on our revenues. PJM’s locational capacity market design rules are currently being challenged in court, and FERC is currently considering changes to PJM’s rules for RPM. Any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Many factors will affect the capacity pricing in PJM, including but not limited to:

 •

 changes in load and demand,

 •

 changes in the available amounts of demand response resources,

 •

 changes in available generating capacity (including retirements, additions, derates, forced outage rates, etc.,

 •

 increases in transmission capability between zones, and

 •

 changes to the pricing mechanism, including increasing the potential number of zones to create more pricing sensitivity to changes in supply and demand, as well as other potential changes that PJM may propose over time.

We could also be impacted by a number of other events, including regulatory or legislative actions favoring non-competitive markets and energy efficiency initiatives. Further, some of the market-based mechanisms in which we participate, including BGS auctions, are at times the subject of review
 or discussion by some of the participants in the New Jersey and federal regulatory and political. We can provide no assurance that these mechanisms will continue to exist in their current form or not otherwise be modified by regulations.

To the extent that additions to the transmission system relieve or reduce congestion in eastern PJM where most of our plants are located, our revenues could be adversely affected. In addition, pressures from renewable resources such as wind and solar, could increase over time, especially if
 government incentive programs continue to grow.

We face competition in the merchant energy markets.

Our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to competition that may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our annual objectives. Increased 

34

competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower returns. Decreased competition could negatively impact results through a decline in market liquidity. Some of the competitors include:

 •

 merchant generators,

 •

 domestic and multi-national utility generators,

 •

 energy marketers,

 •

 banks, funds and other financial entities,

 •

 fuel supply companies, and

 •

 affiliates of other industrial companies.

Regulatory, environmental, industry and other operational issues will have a significant impact on our ability to compete in energy markets. Our ability to compete will also be impacted by:

 •

 DSM and other efficiency efforts
—DSM and other efficiency efforts aimed at changing the quantity and patterns of consumers’ usage could result in a reduction in load requirements.

 •

 Changes in technology and/or customer conservation
—It is possible that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing electricity, such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, to a level that is competitive with that of most
 central station electric production. It is also possible that electric customers may significantly decrease their electric consumption due to demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy electricity,
 which could adversely affect financial results.

If any of such issues was to occur, there could be a resultant erosion of our market share and an impairment in the value of our power plants.

We are exposed to commodity price volatility as a result of our participation in the wholesale energy markets.

The material risks associated with the wholesale energy markets known or currently anticipated that could adversely affect our operations include:

 •

 Price fluctuations and collateral requirements
—We expect to meet our supply obligations through a combination of generation and energy purchases. We also enter into derivative and other positions related to our generation assets and supply obligations. To the extent we hedge our costs,
 we will be subject to the risk of price fluctuations that could affect our future results and impact our liquidity needs. These include:

 ¡

 variability in costs, such as changes in the expected price of energy and capacity that we sell into the market;

 ¡

 increases in the price of energy purchased to meet supply obligations or the amount of excess energy sold into the market;

 ¡

 the cost of fuel to generate electricity; and

 ¡

 the cost of emission credits and congestion credits that we use to transmit electricity.

As
 market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, our forward energy sale and
 forward fuel purchase contracts could require us to post substantial additional
 collateral, thus requiring us to obtain additional sources of liquidity during
 periods when our ability to do so may be limited. If Power were to lose its
 investment grade credit rating, it would be required under certain agreements
 to provide a significant amount of additional collateral in the form of letters
 of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity
 and cash flows. If Power had lost its investment grade credit rating as of
 December 31, 2008, it would have been required to provide approximately $1.1
 billion in additional collateral.

35

 •

 Our cost of coal and nuclear fuel may substantially increase
—Our coal and nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that will provide a substantial portion of our fuel needs over the next several years. However, it will be necessary to enter into additional
 arrangements to acquire coal and nuclear fuel in the future. Market prices for coal and nuclear fuel have recently been volatile. Although our fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks, future increases in fuel costs cannot be predicted with certainty and
 could materially and adversely affect liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

 •

 Third party credit risk
—We sell generation output and buy fuel through the execution of bilateral contracts. These contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of our counterparties to meet their contractual obligations to us. Any failure to perform by these counterparties
 could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. In the spot markets, we are exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in those markets, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may not be
 an effective way of lessening the severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. An increase in the duration and/or severity of the current economic recession may also increase such risk.

Our inability to balance energy obligations with available supply could negatively impact results.

The revenues generated by the operation of the generating stations are subject to market risks that are beyond our control. Generation output will either be used to satisfy wholesale contract requirements, other bilateral contracts or be sold into competitive power markets. Participants in the
 competitive power markets are not guaranteed any specified rate of return on their capital investments. Generation revenues and results of operations are dependent upon prevailing market prices for energy, capacity, ancillary services and fuel supply in the markets served.

Our business frequently involves the establishment of forward sale positions in the wholesale energy markets on long-term and short-term bases. To the extent that we have produced or purchased energy in excess of our contracted obligations, a reduction in market prices could reduce profitability.
 Conversely, to the extent that we have contracted obligations in excess of energy we have produced or purchased, an increase in market prices could reduce profitability.

If the strategy we utilize to hedge our exposures to these various risks is not effective, we could incur significant losses. Our market positions can also be adversely affected by the level of volatility in the energy markets that, in turn, depends on various factors, including weather in various
 geographical areas, short-term supply and demand imbalances and pricing differentials at various geographic locations. These cannot be predicted with any certainty.

Increases in market prices also affect our ability to hedge generation output and fuel requirements as the obligation to post margin increases with increasing prices and could require the maintenance of liquidity resources that would be prohibitively expensive.

If we are unable to access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed, our ability to successfully implement our financial strategies may be adversely affected.

Capital for projects and investments has been provided by internally-generated cash flow, equity issuances and borrowings. Continued access to debt capital from outside sources is required in order to efficiently fund the cash flow needs of our businesses. The ability to arrange financing and the
 costs of capital depend on numerous factors including, among other things, general economic and market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence, the success of current projects and the quality of new projects.

The ability to have continued access to the credit and capital markets at a reasonable economic cost is dependent upon our current and future capital structure, financial performance, our credit ratings and the availability of capital under reasonable terms and conditions. As a result, no assurance
 can be given that we 

36

will be successful in obtaining re-financing for maturing debt, financing for projects and investments or funding the equity commitments required for such projects and investments in the future.

Capital market performance directly affects the asset values of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and defined benefit plan trust funds. Sustained decreases in asset value of trust assets could result in the need for significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy our future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans and to decommission our nuclear generating plants. The decline in the market value of our pension assets experienced
 in the fourth quarter of 2008 has resulted in the need to make additional contributions in 2009 to maintain our funding at sufficient levels. Further significant declines in the market value of these assets may significantly increase our funding requirements for these obligations in the future.

An extended economic recession would likely have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

Our results of operations may be negatively affected by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy, including low levels in the market prices of commodities. Adverse conditions in the economy affect the markets in which we operate and can negatively impact our results. Declines in
 demand for energy will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as customers reduce their consumption of electricity and gas. Although our utility business is subject to regulated allowable rates of return, overall declines in electricity and gas sold and/or increases in non-payment of
 customer bills would materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

In the event of an accident or acts of war or terrorism, our insurance coverage may be insufficient if we are unable to obtain adequate coverage at commercially reasonable rates.

We have insurance for all-risk property damage including boiler and machinery coverage for our nuclear and non-nuclear generating units, replacement power and business interruption coverage for our nuclear generating units, general public liability and nuclear liability, in amounts and with
 deductibles that we consider appropriate.

We can give no assurance that this insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or that the insurance proceeds received for any loss of or any damage to any of our facilities will be sufficient.

Inability to successfully develop or construct generation, transmission and distribution projects within budget could adversely impact our businesses.

Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission facilities and modernizing existing infrastructure.
 Currently, we have several significant projects underway or being contemplated, including:

 •

 the installation of pollution control equipment at our coal generating facilities;

 •

 the construction of the new Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line;

 •

 the investment in improving the electric and gas distribution infrastructure;

 •

 the implementation of a new customer service system; and

 •

 the solar initiative in New Jersey.

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to complete these projects within budgets, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions and, in our regulated businesses, our ability to recover the related costs. Any delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development
 could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

37

We may be unable to achieve, or continue to sustain, our expected levels of generating operating performance.

One of the key elements to achieving the results in our business plans is the ability to sustain generating operating performance and capacity factors at expected levels. This is especially important at our lower-cost nuclear and coal facilities. Operations at any of our plants could degrade to the
 point where the plant has to shut down or operate at less than full capacity. Some issues that could impact the operation of our facilities are:

 •

 breakdown or failure of equipment, processes or management effectiveness;

 •

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity;

 •

 labor disputes;

 •

 fuel supply interruptions;

 •

 transportation constraints;

 •

 limitations which may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;

 •

 permit limitations; and

 •

 operator error or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, acts of terrorism or other similar occurrences.

Identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. Depending on the materiality of the issue, we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning it to full capacity. In either event, to the extent that our operational targets
 are not met, we could have to operate higher-cost generation facilities or meet our obligations through higher-cost open market purchases.