The following factors should be considered when reviewing our business. These factors could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or net cash flows and could
cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this document. 

The factors discussed in Item 7. MD&A may also
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows and affect the market prices for our publicly-traded securities. While we believe that we have identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting our business, there may
be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant. 

We are subject to
comprehensive and evolving regulation by federal, state and local regulatory agencies that affects, or may affect, our businesses. 

We are
subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. Changes in regulation can cause significant delays in or materially affect business planning and transactions and can materially increase our costs. Regulation affects almost every
aspect of our businesses, such as our ability to: 

•

 Obtain fair and timely rate relief
—Our utility’s base rates for electric and gas distribution are subject to regulation by the
BPU and are effective until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. In addition, limited categories of costs such as fuel are recovered through adjustment clauses that are periodically reset to reflect current costs. Our transmission assets are
regulated by FERC and costs are recovered through rates set by FERC. Inability to obtain a fair return on our investments or to timely recover material costs not included in rates would have a material adverse effect on our business.

•

 Obtain required regulatory approvals
—The majority of our businesses operate under MBR authority granted by FERC, which has
determined that our subsidiaries do not have market power and MBR rules have been satisfied. Failure to maintain MBR eligibility, or the effects of any severe mitigation measures that may be required if market power was evaluated differently in the
future, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

35 

Table of Contents

We may also require various other regulatory approvals to, among other things, buy or sell
assets, engage in transactions between our public utility and our other subsidiaries, and, in some cases, enter into financing arrangements, issue securities and allow our subsidiaries to pay dividends. Failure to obtain these approvals on a timely
basis could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

•

 Comply with regulatory requirements
—There are Federal standards in place to ensure the reliability of the U. S. electric
transmission and generation system and to prevent major system black-outs. We have been, and will continue to be, periodically audited by NERC for compliance. FERC can impose penalties up to $1 million per day per violation. Further, FERC requires
compliance with all of its rules and orders, including rules concerning Standards of Conduct, market behavior and anti-manipulation rules, interlocking directorate rules and cross-subsidization. 

The BPU conducts periodic combined management/competitive service audits of New Jersey utilities related to affiliate standard
requirements, competitive services, cross-subsidization, cost allocation and other issues. We are in the process of undergoing a management audit and an affiliate transactions audit. While we believe that we are in compliance, we cannot predict the
outcome of such audits. 

We are exposed to commodity price volatility as a result of our participation in the wholesale energy markets.

The material risks associated with the wholesale energy markets known or currently anticipated that could adversely affect our operations
include: 

•

 Price fluctuations and collateral requirements
—We expect to meet our supply obligations through a combination of generation and
energy purchases. We also enter into derivative and other positions related to our generation assets and supply obligations. As a result, we are subject to the risk of price fluctuations that could affect our future results and impact our liquidity
needs. These include: 

•

 variability in costs, such as changes in the expected price of energy and capacity that we sell into the market; 

•

 increases in the price of energy purchased to meet supply obligations or the amount of excess energy sold into the market;

•

 the cost of fuel to generate electricity; and 

•

 the cost of emission credits and congestion credits that we use to transmit electricity. 

In the markets where we operate, natural gas prices typically have a major impact on the price that generators will receive for their output, especially
in periods of relatively strong demand. Therefore, significant changes in the price of natural gas will usually translate into significant changes in the wholesale price of electricity. 

Over the past two years wholesale prices for natural gas have dropped dramatically. One of the reasons for this decline is increased shale gas production as extraction technology has improved. Lower gas
prices have led to lower electricity prices, which has reduced our margins as nuclear and coal commodity and operating costs have not declined similarly. Natural gas prices may remain at low levels for an extended period and continue to decline if
further advances in technology result in greater volumes of shale gas production. 

In recent years, generation by our coal units was also
adversely affected by the relatively lower price of natural gas as compared to coal, making it more economical to run certain of our gas units than our coal units. 

Also, as market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, our forward energy sale and forward fuel purchase contracts could require us to post substantial additional collateral, thus requiring us to obtain
additional sources of liquidity during periods when our ability to do so may be limited. If Power were to lose its investment grade credit rating, it would be required under certain agreements to provide a significant amount of additional collateral
in the form of letters of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. If Power had lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2010, it may have had to provide approximately $828
million in additional collateral. We may also be subject to additional collateral requirements which could be required under new rules being developed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission which are expected to be implemented later in 2011.

36 

Table of Contents

•

 Our cost of coal and nuclear fuel may substantially increase
—Our coal and nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts
and inventory that will provide a substantial portion of our fuel needs over the next several years. However, it will be necessary to enter into additional arrangements to acquire coal and nuclear fuel in the future. Market prices for coal and
nuclear fuel have recently been volatile. Although our fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks, future increases in our fuel costs cannot be predicted with certainty and could materially and adversely affect
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

•

 Third party credit risk
—We sell generation output and buy fuel through the execution of bilateral contracts. These contracts are
subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of our counterparties to meet their contractual obligations to us. Any failure to perform by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and
financial position. In the spot markets, we are exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in those markets, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may not be an effective way of lessening the severity
of the risk and the amounts at stake. The impact of economic conditions may also increase such risk. 

We are subject to
numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. 

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land
use, waste disposal, aesthetics, impact on global climate, natural resources damages and other matters. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures. Future changes may result in
increased compliance costs. 

Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain any environmental permits or approvals, or delay in or
failure to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements, could: 

•

 prevent construction of new facilities, 

•

 prevent continued operation of existing facilities, 

•

 prevent the sale of energy from these facilities, or 

•

 result in significant additional costs which could materially affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

In obtaining required approvals and maintaining compliance with laws and regulations, we focus on several key environmental issues, including: 

•

 Concerns over global climate change could result in laws and regulations to limit CO2

 emissions or other “greenhouse” gases (GHG) produced by our fossil generation facilities

—Federal and state legislation and regulation designed to address global climate change through the reduction of GHG emissions could materially impact our fossil generation facilities. Legislation
enacted in the states where our generation facilities are located establishes aggressive goals for the reduction of
CO
2

 emissions over a 40-year period. There could be
significant costs incurred to continue operation of our fossil generation facilities, including the potential need to purchase CO
2

 emission allowances. Such expenditures could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more such
facilities. Multiple states, primarily in the Northeastern U.S., are developing or have developed state-specific or regional legislative initiatives to stimulate CO
2

 emissions reductions in the electric power industry. The RGGI began in 2009. Member states will control emissions of GHG
by issuance of allowances to emit CO
2

 primarily through an
auction. 

A significant portion of our fossil fuel-fired electric generation is
located in states within the RGGI region and competes with electricity generators within PJM not located within a RGGI state. The costs or inability to purchase CO
2

 allowances for our fleet operating within a RGGI state could place us at an economic disadvantage compared to our
competitors not located in a RGGI state. 

37 

Table of Contents

•

 Potential closed-cycle cooling requirements
—Our Salem nuclear generating facility has a permit from the NJDEP allowing for its
continued operation with its existing cooling water system. That permit expired in July 2006. Our application to renew the permit, filed in February 2006, estimated the costs associated with cooling towers for Salem to be approximately $1 billion,
of which our share was approximately $575 million. 

If the NJDEP and the Connecticut Department of
Environmental Protection were to require installation of closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent at our Salem, Mercer, Hudson, Bridgeport, Sewaren or New Haven generating stations, the related increased costs and impacts would be material to our
financial position, results of operations and net cash flows and would require further economic review to determine whether to continue operations or decommission the stations. 

The EPA will be proposing rules this year which will regulate cooling water intake structures. In accordance with a settlement with environmental groups, EPA is scheduled to publish a final rule by
July 27, 2012. The impact of this rulemaking could significantly impact states’ permitting decisions on whether to require closed cycle cooling and could materially increase our cost of compliance. 

•

 Remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities
—We are subject to liability under environmental
laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Remediation activities associated with our former Manufactured Gas Plant
(MGP) operations are one source of such costs. Also, we are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances may have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future, the
related costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Recent amendments to New Jersey law now place affirmative obligations on us to investigate and, if necessary, remediate
contaminated property upon which we were in any way responsible for a discharge of hazardous substances. While those amendments do not change our liability, they do impact the speed by which we will need to investigate contaminated properties, which
could adversely impact cash flow. 

In 2007, the State of New Jersey filed multiple lawsuits against parties,
including us, who were alleged to be responsible for injuries to natural resources in New Jersey, including a site being remediated under our MGP program. We cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the costs or the timing thereof, that may
be required with respect to these or other natural resource damages claims. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 13. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. 

•

 More stringent air pollution control requirements in New Jersey
—Most of our generating facilities are located in New Jersey where
restrictions are generally considered to be more stringent in comparison to other states. Therefore, there may be instances where the facilities located in New Jersey are subject to more restrictive and, therefore, more costly pollution control
requirements and liability for damage to natural resources, than competing facilities in other states. Most of New Jersey has been classified as “nonattainment” with national ambient air quality standards for one or more air pollutants.
This requires New Jersey to develop programs to reduce air emissions. Such programs can impose additional costs on us by requiring that we offset any emissions increases from new electric generators we may want to build and by setting more stringent
emission limits on our facilities that run during the hottest days of the year. 

•

 Coal Ash Management
— Coal ash is a CCR produced as a byproduct of generation at our coal-fired facilities. We currently have a
program to beneficially reuse coal ash as presently allowed by federal and state regulations. In June 2010, the EPA formally published a proposed rule in the Federal Register offering three main options for the management of CCRs under the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act. One of these options regulates CCRs as a hazardous waste and the other two options are variations of a non-hazardous designation. All options communicate the EPA’s intent of ceasing wet ash transfer and
instituting engineering controls on ash ponds and landfills to limit impact on human 

38 

Table of Contents

health and the environment. The outcome of the EPA rulemaking cannot be predicted. Proposed regulations which more stringently regulate coal ash, including regulating coal ash as hazardous waste,
could materially increase costs at our coal-fired generation facilities. 

Our ownership and operation of nuclear power
plants involve regulatory, financial, environmental, health and safety risks. 

Approximately half of our total generation output each year
is provided by our nuclear fleet, which comprises approximately one-fourth of our total owned generation capacity. For this reason, we are exposed to risks related to the continued successful operation of our nuclear facilities and issues that may
adversely affect the nuclear generation industry. These include: 

•

 Storage and Disposal of Spent Nuclear Fuel
—We currently use on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel. Disposal of nuclear materials,
including the availability or unavailability of a permanent repository for spent nuclear fuel, could impact future operations of these stations. In addition, the availability of an off-site repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect our ability to
fully decommission our nuclear units in the future. 

•

 Regulatory and Legal Risk
—The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, or shut down a nuclear facility and impose substantial
civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms and conditions of the licenses for nuclear generating facilities. As with all of our generation facilities, as discussed above, our nuclear facilities
are also subject to comprehensive, evolving environmental regulation. 

Our nuclear generating facilities are
currently operating under NRC licenses that expire in 2016, 2020, 2026, 2033 and 2034. While we have applied for extensions to these licenses for Salem and Hope Creek, the extension process can be expected to take three to five years from
commencement until completion of NRC review. We cannot be sure that we will receive the requested extensions or be able to operate the facilities for all or any portion of any extended license. 

•

 Operational Risk
—Operations at any of our nuclear generating units could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be
shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Since our nuclear fleet provides the majority of our generation output, any significant outage
could result in reduced earnings as we would need to purchase or generate higher-priced energy to meet our contractual obligations. For additional information, see our discussion of operational performance for all of our generation facilities below.

•

 Nuclear Incident or Accident Risk
—Accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred at nuclear stations both in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and may include loss of life, significant property damage and/or a change in the regulatory climate. We have nuclear units at two sites. It is possible that an accident or other incident at a
nuclear generating unit could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate unaffected units located at the same site, which would further affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. An accident or incident at a nuclear
unit not owned by us could also affect our ability to continue to operate our units. Any resulting financial impact from a nuclear accident may exceed our resources, including insurance coverages. 

We may be adversely affected by changes in energy regulatory policies, including energy and capacity market design rules and developments affecting
transmission. 

The energy industry continues to be regulated and the rules to which our businesses are subject are always at risk of being
changed. Various rules have recently been implemented to respond to commodity pricing, reliability and other industry concerns. Our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets in each of PJM, ISO-NE and
NYISO. Under these rules, generators located in 

39 

Table of Contents

constrained areas are paid more for their capacity so there is an incentive to locate in those areas where generation capacity is most needed. Because much of our generation is located in
constrained areas in PJM and ISO-NE, the existence of these rules has had a positive impact on our revenues. PJM’s locational capacity market design rules and New England forward capacity market rules have been challenged in court and continue
to evolve. Any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In
addition, recent legislative developments in the State of New Jersey have the potential to adversely impact RPM prices. In January 2011, New Jersey enacted a law establishing a LCAPP which provides for the construction of 2,000 MW of subsidized base
load or mid-merit electric power generation. Electric utilities will be required to enter into irrevocable, financially settled, standard offer capacity agreements with a term of up to 15 years requiring them to make or receive capacity payments to
or from the generators. 

The LCAPP may have the effect of artificially depressing prices in the competitive wholesale market. PJM’s
Independent Market Monitor has released a report estimating that the impact of bidding 2,000 MW of capacity in New Jersey as a price taker would be a reduction in capacity market revenues to PJM suppliers of more than $2 billion in the first year.

Many other factors will affect the capacity pricing in PJM, including but not limited to: 

•

 changes in load and demand, 

•

 changes in the available amounts of demand response resources, 

•

 changes in available generating capacity (including retirements, additions, derates, forced outage rates, etc.), 

•

 increases in transmission capability between zones, and 

•

 changes to the pricing mechanism, including increasing the potential number of zones to create more pricing sensitivity to changes in supply and
demand, as well as other potential changes that PJM may propose over time. 

Potential changes to the rules governing energy
markets in which the output of our plants is sold also poses risk to our business. Certain stakeholders, primarily consumer advocates and state commissions, have been arguing that each generating plant should be paid its “as bid” price
rather than allowing all units to be paid a single clearing price based on the marginal unit’s bid. If adopted, this change could reduce the energy payments received by certain of our generating units. 

We could also be impacted by a number of other events, including regulatory or legislative actions favoring non-competitive markets and energy efficiency
initiatives. Further, some of the market-based mechanisms in which we participate, including BGS auctions, are at times the subject of review or discussion by some of the participants in the New Jersey and federal regulatory and political arenas. We
can provide no assurance that these mechanisms will continue to exist in their current form, nor otherwise be modified by regulations. 

To the
extent that additions to the transmission system relieve or reduce congestion in eastern PJM where most of our plants are located, our revenues could be adversely affected. Developers of long-distance “green” transmission projects are
seeking inclusion in regional transmission planning processes, with the potential to move lower-cost generation to eastern markets, including New Jersey and New York. Moreover, the FERC has a pending rulemaking proceeding to consider requiring
changes to transmission planning processes so that more transmission can be built to facilitate renewable generation development. In addition, the DOE-funded Eastern Interconnection Planning Collaborative (EIPC) continues its efforts to study
transmission planning across the Eastern Interconnection, making the construction of large-scale transmission more likely. In addition, pressures from renewable resources such as wind and solar, could increase over time, especially if government
incentive programs continue to grow. 

40 

Table of Contents

We face significant competition in the merchant energy markets. 

Our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to significant competition that may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on
favorable terms and achieve our annual objectives. Increased competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower earnings. Decreased competition could negatively impact results through a decline in
market liquidity. Some of our competitors include: 

•

 merchant generators, 

•

 domestic and multi-national utility rate-based generators, 

•

 energy marketers, 

•

 utilities, 

•

 banks, funds and other financial entities, 

•

 fuel supply companies, and 

•

 affiliates of other industrial companies. 

Regulatory, environmental, industry and other operational developments will have a significant impact on our ability to compete in energy markets, potentially resulting in erosion of our market share and
impairment in the value of our power plants. Our ability to compete will also be impacted by: 

•

 DSM and other efficiency efforts
—DSM and other efficiency efforts aimed at changing the quantity and patterns of consumers’
usage could result in a reduction in load requirements. 

•

 Changes in technology and/or customer conservation
—It is possible that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative
methods of producing electricity, such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and PV (solar) cells, to a level that is competitive with that of most central station electric production. It is also possible that electric customers may significantly
decrease their electric consumption due to demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy electricity, which could adversely affect financial results.

Our inability to balance energy obligations with available supply could negatively impact results. 

The revenues generated by the operation of our generating stations are subject to market risks that are beyond our control. Generation output will either
be used to satisfy wholesale contract requirements, other bilateral contracts or be sold into competitive power markets. Participants in the competitive power markets are not guaranteed any specified rate of return on their capital investments.
Generation revenues and results of operations are dependent upon prevailing market prices for energy, capacity, ancillary services and fuel supply in the markets served. 

Our generation business frequently involves the establishment of forward sale positions in the wholesale energy markets on long-term and short-term bases. To the extent that we have produced or purchased
energy in excess of our contracted obligations, a reduction in market prices could reduce profitability. Conversely, to the extent that we have contracted obligations in excess of energy we have produced or purchased, an increase in market prices
could reduce profitability. 

If the strategy we utilize to hedge our exposure to these various risks is not effective, we could incur
significant losses. Our market positions can also be adversely affected by the level of volatility in the energy markets that, in turn, depends on various factors, including weather in various geographical areas, short-term supply and demand
imbalances, customer migration and pricing differentials at various geographic locations. These cannot be predicted with certainty. 

41 

Table of Contents

Increases in market prices also affect our ability to hedge generation output and fuel requirements as the
obligation to post margin increases with increasing prices and could require the maintenance of liquidity resources that would be prohibitively expensive. 

Inability to access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or commercially reasonable terms or maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed could adversely impact our business.

Capital for projects and investments has been provided primarily by internally-generated cash flow and borrowings. We have significant
capital requirements and will need continued access to debt capital from outside sources in order to efficiently fund the construction and other cash flow needs of our businesses. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital depend on
numerous factors including, among other things, general economic and market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence, the success of current projects and the quality of new projects.

The ability to have continued access to the credit and capital markets at a reasonable economic cost is dependent upon our current and future
capital structure, financial performance, our credit ratings and the availability of capital under reasonable terms and conditions. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining re-financing for maturing debt,
financing for projects and investments or funding the equity commitments required for such projects and investments in the future. 

Capital
market performance directly affects the asset values of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and defined benefit plan trust funds. Sustained decreases in asset value of trust assets could result in the need for significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy our future obligations under
our pension and postretirement benefit plans and to decommission our nuclear generating plants. A decline in the market value of our pension assets similar to the one experienced in 2008 could result in the need for us to make significant
contributions in the future to maintain our funding at sufficient levels. 

An extended economic recession would likely have a material
adverse effect on our businesses. 

Our results of operations may be negatively affected by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the
economy, including low levels in the market prices of commodities. Adverse conditions in the economy affect the markets in which we operate and can negatively impact our results. Declines in demand for energy will reduce overall sales and lessen
cash flows, especially as customers reduce their consumption of electricity and gas. Although our utility business is subject to regulated allowable rates of return, overall declines in electricity and gas sold and/or increases in non-payment of
customer bills would materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

While our generation runs on
diverse fuels, allowing for flexibility, the mix of fuels ultimately used can impact earnings. Generation by our coal units in recent years was adversely affected by the relatively favorable price of natural gas as compared to coal, making it more
economical to run certain of our gas units than our coal units. 

We may be adversely affected by equipment failures, accidents or other
incidents that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers. 

The success of our businesses is dependent on our
ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers. Equipment or system failures could result in a disruption of service to our customers. We are also exposed to the risk of accidents or other incidents which could result in
damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. Such issues experienced at our facilities, or by others in our industry, could adversely impact our revenues, increase costs to repair and maintain our systems, subject us
to potential litigation and/or damage claims and increase the level of oversight at our facilities through investigations or through the imposition of additional regulatory or legislative requirements. 

42 

Table of Contents

Acts of war or terrorism could adversely affect our operations. 

Our businesses and industry may be impacted by acts and threats of war or terrorism. These actions could result in increased political, economic and
financial market instability and volatility in fuel prices which could materially adversely affect our operations. In addition, our infrastructure facilities, such as our generating stations, transmission and distribution facilities, could be direct
or indirect targets of terrorist activity, which could impact operations and result in increased capital, insurance and operating costs, including increased security costs for our facilities. 

Inability to successfully develop or construct generation, transmission and distribution projects within budget could adversely impact our businesses. 

Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and
retrofits, construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission facilities and modernizing existing infrastructure. Currently, we have several significant projects underway or being contemplated. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to complete these projects within budgets, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions and, in our
regulated businesses, our ability to recover the related costs through rates. Any delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

We may be unable to achieve, or continue to sustain, our expected levels of generating operating performance. 

One of the key elements to achieving the results in our business plans is the ability to sustain generating operating performance and capacity factors at
expected levels since our forward sales of energy and capacity assume acceptable levels of operating performance. This is especially important at our lower-cost facilities. Operations at any of our plants could degrade to the point where the plant
has to shut down or operate at less than full capacity. Some issues that could impact the operation of our facilities are: 

•

 breakdown or failure of equipment, processes or management effectiveness; 

•

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity; 

•

 labor disputes; 

•

 fuel supply interruptions; 

•

 transportation constraints; 

•

 limitations which may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; 

•

 permit limitations; and 

•

 operator error or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, acts of terrorism or other similar occurrences.

Identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. Depending on the materiality of the
issue, we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning it to full capacity. In either event, to the extent that our operational targets are not met, we could have to operate higher-cost generation
facilities or meet our obligations through higher-cost open market purchases. 

43 

Table of Contents

Our receipt of payment of receivables related to our domestic leveraged leases is dependent upon the
credit quality and the ability of lessees to meet their obligations. 

We have a $1.3 billion investment in leveraged leases, primarily
generating stations in the United States. Although all payments of equity rent, debt service and other fees are current, no assurances can be given that all payments in accordance with the lease contracts will continue. Factors which may impact
future lease cash flow include, but are not limited to, new environmental legislation regarding air quality and other discharges in the process of generating electricity, market prices for fuel and electricity, overall financial condition of lease
counterparties and the quality and condition of assets under lease. If a lessee were to default we could be required to make an additional investment or potentially impair our current investment balances. 

Certain of our leveraged lease transactions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, which would have a material adverse effect on our taxes,
operating results and cash flows. 

The IRS has issued reports with respect to its audits of PSEG’s consolidated federal corporate
income tax returns for tax years 1997 through 2003, which disallowed all deductions associated with certain lease transactions. The IRS reports also proposed a 20% penalty for substantial understatement of tax liability. PSEG has filed protests of
these findings with the Office of Appeals of the IRS. 

As of December 31, 2010, an aggregate of approximately $260 million would become
currently payable if PSEG conceded all deductions taken through that date. We have deposited $320 million with the IRS to defray potential interest costs associated with this disputed tax liability, eliminating our cash exposure completely.
Penalties of $150 million would also become payable if the IRS successfully asserted and litigated a case against us. Interest and penalty exposure will grow at an average rate of $2 million per quarter during 2011. If the IRS is successful in a
litigated case consistent with the positions it has taken in the generic settlement offer recently proposed, an additional $20 million to $40 million of tax would be due for tax positions through December 31, 2010.