The following factors should be considered when reviewing our businesses. These factors could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or net cash flows and could cause
 results to differ materially from those expressed in any statements made by us, or on our behalf herein.

The factors discussed in Item 7. MD&A may also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and affect the market prices for our publicly traded securities. While we believe that we have
 identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may
 adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

30

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal, state and local regulatory agencies that affects, or may affect, our business.

We are subject to regulation by the FERC and the NRC, by federal, state and local authorities under environmental laws and by state public utility commissions under laws regulating our distribution
 business, among others.

Changes in regulation can cause significant delays in or materially affect business planning and transactions and can materially increase our costs. Regulation will affect almost every aspect of our
 businesses, such as our ability to:

 •

 Obtain fair and timely rate relief
—Our utility’s base rates for electric and gas distribution are subject to regulation by the BPU and are effective until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. In
 addition, limited categories of costs are recovered through adjustment clauses that are periodically reset to reflect current costs. Our transmission assets are regulated by the FERC and costs are
 recovered through rates set by the FERC. At the end of 2007, PSE&G and PPL jointly filed with the FERC to obtain incentive rate treatment for the PJM-approved Susquehanna-Roseland line,
 specifically a 150 basis point adder to return on equity. Inability to obtain a fair return on our investments or to recover material costs not included in rates would have an adverse effect on our
 business.

 •

 Obtain
 required regulatory approvals
—Power’s subsidiary,
 ER&T, which markets all of Power’s electric generation output,
 has been granted MBR authority from FERC, as have PSE&G, Power
 Connecticut and GWF Energy. FERC has recently issued new MBR rules which
 have significantly changed the way in which FERC analyzes whether
 a company possesses market power and have narrowed the relevant market(s)
 to be analyzed. With the narrowing of the markets, some of Power’s
 generation assets could be considered to have market power due to
 their location in constrained areas within PJM. In January 2008,
 PSE&G and ER&T filed with the FERC their respective updated
 market power reports as required by the FERC’s
 new MBR rules. PSE&G, ER&T, Fossil and Nuclear have asserted
 in their MBR filing that they either lack any generation market power or,
 if they do possess any market power, that market power is being effectively
 mitigated. PSE&G, ER&T, Fossil and Nuclear have
 further asserted that, to the extent that the FERC analyzes market power
 held in the small sub-market of Northern PSEG, PJM mitigation rules (including
 price capping for bids) eliminate the potential for the exercise of market
 power in this sub-market. This filing remains pending with FERC and the
 extent of any such mitigation measures, that may be required, cannot be
 determined at this time. Failure to maintain MBR eligibility, or the effects
 of any severe mitigation measures that may be required, could have a material
 adverse effect on PSEG, Power and PSE&G.

Our businesses may also require various other regulatory approvals to, among other things, buy or sell assets, engage in transactions between our public utility and our other subsidiaries, issue
 securities and pay dividends. Any failure to obtain any required regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

 •

 Comply with regulatory requirements
—Congress has required FERC to put in place, through the NERC, national and regional Standards to ensure the reliability of the United States electric
 transmission system and to prevent major system black-outs. Since these Standards are applicable to transmission owners and generation owners and operators, we are obligated to comply with the
 Standards and to ensure continuing compliance. In 2008, both PSE&G and Energy Holdings’ Texas generating plants will be audited for compliance with such Standards. FERC has the ability to
 impose penalties of up to $1 million per day per violation for any violations.

The BPU has also retained consultants to conduct periodic combined management/competitive service audits of New Jersey utilities which we expect to occur later in 2008. Such audits in the past
 have resulted in the imposition of significant additional requirements on PSEG and PSE&G. While we believe that we are in compliance with all affiliate standard requirements, we cannot predict the
 outcome of the audit.

31

Several issues at the BPU are pending stemming from the restructuring of the utility industry in New Jersey several years ago.

 •

 Treatment of previously approved stranded costs
—We previously securitized $2.525 billion of PSE&G’s generation and generation-related costs, which were determined by the BPU in 1999 to be stranded
 by industry restructuring, pursuant to an irrevocable, non-bypassable BPU financing order issued pursuant to the Competition Act. The Competition Act, and the authority of the BPU to issue its
 order, was upheld by the New Jersey Supreme court in 2001. In 2007, a new legal action, challenging the presumed constitutionality of certain provisions of the Competition Act, was filed in the
 Superior Court of New Jersey. This action sought injunctive relief from the continued collection of the transition bond charge (TBC) and related taxes by PSE&G, as well as recovery of amounts
 previously charged and collected. This action has been summarily dismissed by the Court. However, an appeal of this summary judgment is currently pending. Although the Court in dismissing the
 matter found no merit to the claims asserted, if such appeal ultimately was to be successful, ongoing recovery of funds to service our previous securitization could be affected. An administrative
 complaint by the same ratepayer was filed with the BPU. We have filed a motion to dismiss that complaint, which is pending.

 •

 Treatment
 of ITC included in previous write-down of generation assets
—The
 IRS has issued several PLRs that concluded that the refunding of
 excess deferred tax and ITC balances to utility customers was permitted
 only over the related assets’ regulatory lives, which for PSE&G,
 was terminated upon New Jersey’s electric industry deregulation
 in 1999. Based on this fact, in 1999, we reversed the deferred tax
 and ITC liability relating to the generation assets that were transferred
 to Power, and recorded a $235 million reduction of the extraordinary
 charge due to such restructuring of the industry in New Jersey. Subsequently,
 PSE&G was directed by the BPU to seek a PLR from the IRS to determine
 if the ITC included in the impairment write-down of generation assets
 could be credited to customers without violating the tax normalization
 rules of the Internal Revenue Code. PSE&G filed a PLR request with
 the IRS in 2002. In May 2006, the IRS issued a PLR to PSE&G,
 which concluded that none of the generation ITC could be passed to
 utility customers without violating its normalization rules. While
 the holding in the PLR is favorable to the action we took, an outstanding
 Treasury regulation project could overturn that holding in the PLR
 if the Treasury were to alter a position set out in certain proposed
 regulations.

 •

 MTC collected during the four year industry transition period
—The BPU has raised certain questions with respect to the reconciliation method PSE&G had employed in calculating the overrecovery of
 its MTC and other charges during the four-year transition period from 1999 to 2003. The amount in dispute was $114 million, which if required to be refunded to customers with interest through
 December 2007, would be $127 million. While PSE&G believes the MTC methodology it used was fully litigated and resolved by the prior BPU Orders in its previous electric base rate case, deferral
 audit and deferral proceedings, PSE&G cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.

We are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our business, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant
 environmental fines and liabilities.

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land use, waste disposal, aesthetics, impact on global
 climate, natural resources damages and other matters. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which we and our subsidiaries conduct our operations and make capital expenditures. Further, such
 laws and regulations are subject to future changes that may result in increased compliance costs. We can give no assurance that we will be able to:

 •

 obtain all current or future required environmental approvals;

 •

 obtain any necessary modifications to existing environmental approvals;

 •

 maintain compliance with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and approvals; or

 •

 recover any resulting costs through future sales.

Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain in full force and effect, any environmental permits or approvals, or delay or failure to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements,
 could prevent construction of new facilities, continued operation of existing facilities or sale of energy from these facilities or could result in us incurring significant additional costs which would materially
 affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.

32

In
 obtaining required environmental approvals and maintaining compliance with
 current environmental laws and regulations, we are focused on several key
 environmental issues, including:

 •

 Concerns over global climate change could result in laws and regulations
 to limit CO

2

 emissions
 or other “greenhouse” gases produced by our fossil generation
 facilities
—Federal and state legislation and
 regulation designed to address global climate change through the reduction
 of greenhouse gas emissions could significantly impact our fossil generation
 facilities. Recent legislation enacted in New Jersey establishes aggressive
 goals for the reduction of CO

2

 emissions
 over a 40-year period. There could be material required expenditures, including
 the potential need to purchase CO
2

 emission allowances, and modifications to operations that may be needed
 to meet new regulatory requirements. Multiple states, primarily in the
 Northeastern U.S., are developing state-specific or regional legislative
 initiatives to stimulate CO
2

 emissions
 reductions in the electric power industry. The RGGI was initiated in April
 2003 and is scheduled to begin in 2009. In RGGI, ten Northeastern states,
 including New Jersey, have signed a memorandum of understanding intended
 to cap and reduce CO
2

 emissions
 from the electric power sector in the RGGI region. Member states will control
 emissions of greenhouse gases by issuance of allowances to emit CO
2

 through
 an auction, allocation or a combination of the two methods.

A significant portion of our fossil fuel-fired electricity generators are located in states within the RGGI region and compete with electricity generators within PJM not located within a RGGI state.
 The costs or inability to purchase CO
2

 allowances for our fleet operating within a RGGI state could place us at an economic disadvantage compared to our competitors not located in a RGGI state.

Legislation recently enacted in New Jersey authorizes the NJDEP to sell, exchange, retire, assign, allocate or auction allowances from greenhouse gas emissions and sets forth the requirements to be
 followed by the NJDEP if allowances are to be conveyed using an auction. Proceeds raised from the auction will be deposited in the “Global Warming Solutions Fund” and will be used to provide
 grants and other forms of assistance for the purpose of energy efficiency, renewable energy, new high efficiency generation, to stimulate or reward investment in the development of innovative CO
2

 reduction or avoidance technologies and stewardship of New Jersey’s forests and tidal marshes. The law further provides that the BPU shall adopt an emissions portfolio standard or other regulatory
 mechanism, to mitigate leakage by July 1, 2009 unless the state’s Attorney General determines that this will unconstitutionally burden interstate commerce or would be preempted by federal law.

 •

 Potential closed-cycle cooling requirements
—Our Salem nuclear generating facility has a permit from the NJDEP allowing for the continued operation of the Salem facility with its existing cooling
 water system. That permit expired in July 2006. The NJDEP informed us that it strongly recommends that cooling water intake flow at the Salem facility be reduced commensurate with closed-cycle
 cooling. The application of FWPCA Section 316(b) could, as one option, require the installation of structures at the Salem facility to reduce cooling water intake commensurate with closed-cycle
 cooling, which would result in material costs of compliance. Our application to renew the permit, filed in February 2006 with the NJDEP, estimated the costs associated with cooling towers for Salem
 to be approximately $1 billion, of which Power’s share would be approximately $575 million.

If the NJDEP and the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection were to require installation of closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent at our Mercer, Hudson, Bridgeport, Sewaren or New
 Haven generating stations, the related increased costs and impacts would be material to our financial position, results of operations and net cash flows and would require economic review to
 determine whether to continue operations.

 •

 Remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities
—We are subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of
 property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Remediation activities associated with our former MGP operations subsidiaries are
 one source of such costs. Also, we are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional
 proceedings in the future, the related costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

On June 29, 2007, the State of New Jersey filed multiple lawsuits against parties, including PSE&G, who were alleged to be responsible for injuries to natural resources in New Jersey, including a site
 being remediated under PSE&G’s MGP program. We cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the costs or the timing thereof, that may be required with respect to these or other natural resource
 damages claims.

 •

 More stringent environmental requirements in New Jersey
—Most of our generating facilities are located in the State of New Jersey. In particular, New Jersey’s environmental programs are generally 

33

 considered to be more stringent in comparison to similar programs in other states. Therefore, there may be instances where the facilities located in New Jersey are subject to more stringent and,
 therefore, more costly pollution control requirements and liability for damage to natural resources, than competing facilities in other states. Most of New Jersey has been classified as “nonattainment”
 with national ambient air quality standards for one or more air contaminants. This requires the state to develop programs to reduce air emissions. Such programs can impose additional costs on us by
 requiring that we offset any emissions increases from new electric generators we may want to build and by setting more stringent emission limits on our facilities that run during the hottest days of the
 year.

Our ownership and operation of nuclear power plants involves regulatory, financial, environmental, health and safety risks.

Over half of our total generation output each year is provided by our nuclear fleet, which comprises approximately 25% of our total owned generation capacity. For this reason, we are exposed to risks
 related to the successful operation of our nuclear facilities and issues that may adversely affect the nuclear generation industry. Significant risk factors relating to our nuclear generation include:

 •

 Storage and Disposal of Spent Nuclear Fuel
—We currently use on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel and incur costs to maintain this storage. Potential increased costs of storage, handling and disposal
 of nuclear materials, including the availability or unavailability of a permanent repository for spent nuclear fuel, could impact future operations of these stations. In addition, the availability of a
 repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect our ability to fully decommission our nuclear units in the future.

 •

 Regulatory and Legal Risk
—The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, or shut down a nuclear facility and impose substantial civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act,
 related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear generating facilities. As with all of our facilities, as discussed above, our nuclear facilities are also subject to environmental regulation as
 rules continue to change.

Our New Jersey nuclear generating facilities are currently operating under NRC licenses that expire in 2016, 2020 and 2026. While we have applied for extensions to these licenses, the extension
 process takes approximately four to five years from the commencement until completion of NRC review. We cannot be sure that we will receive the requested extensions or be able to operate the
 facilities for all or any portion of any extended license.

 •

 Operational Risk
—Operations at any of our nuclear generating units could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to
 happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Since our nuclear fleet provides the majority of our generation output, any significant outage could result in
 reduced earnings as we would need to purchase or generate higher priced energy to meet our contractual obligations. For additional information, see our discussion of operational performance for all
 of our generation facilities below.

 •

 Nuclear Incident or Accident Risk
—Accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the U.S. and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and may include loss of life
 and property damage. Any resulting financial impact from a nuclear accident may exceed our resources, including insurance coverages. In addition, it is possible that an accident or other incident at a
 nuclear generating unit could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate unaffected units located at the same site, which would further affect our financial condition, operating results and cash
 flows.

We may be adversely affected by changes in energy deregulation policies, including market design rules.

The energy industry continues to experience significant change. Various rules have recently been implemented to respond to commodity pricing, reliability and other industry concerns. Our business has
 been impacted by rules established that create locational capacity markets in each of PJM, New England and New York. Under these rules, generators located in constrained areas are paid more for their
 capacity so there is an incentive to locate in those areas where generation capacity is most needed. While the existence of these rules has had a positive impact on Power’s revenues, as its generation in PJM
 and New England is located in constrained areas, both PJM’s and New England’s locational capacity market design rules are currently being

34

challenged in court. Any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We could also be impacted by a number of other events, including regulatory or legislative actions favoring non-competitive markets, energy efficiency initiatives, and regulatory policies favoring the
 construction of rate-based transmission that may result in increased imports of generation, which may be subject to less stringent environmental regulation, into areas served by Power’s generation assets.
 Further, some of the market-based mechanisms in which Power participates, including Basic Generation Service (BGS) auctions, are at times the subject of review or discussion by some of the participants
 in the New Jersey and federal regulatory and political arenas and the PJM market monitor. We can provide no assurance that these mechanisms will continue to exist in their current form for the
 foreseeable future.

We expect New Jersey to issue a draft EMP in the second quarter of 2008 and a final plan is expected to be completed later in 2008. The EMP may incorporate features that could have some of the
 effects described above.

On
 February 21, 2008, FERC issued a NOPR with respect to competition in the
 organized wholesale energy markets. This NOPR seeks to address issues with
 respect to demand response, long-term energy contracts, MMUs and the responsiveness
 of RTOs and ISOs to customers and other stakeholders. PSEG is unable to predict
 the outcome of the NOPR process.

We may be unable to achieve, or continue to sustain, our expected levels of generating operating performance.

One of the key elements to achieving the results in our business plans is the ability to sustain generating operating performance and capacity factors at expected levels. This is especially important at our
 low-cost nuclear and coal facilities. Operations at any of our plants could degrade to the point where the plant has to shut down or operate at less than full capacity. Some issues that could impact the
 operation of our facilities are:

 •

 breakdown or failure of equipment, processes or management effectiveness;

 •

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity;

 •

 labor disputes;

 •

 fuel supply interruptions for certain types of coal used at several of our fossil stations;

 •

 transportation constraints;

 •

 limitations which may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;

 •

 permit limitations; and

 •

 operator error or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, acts of terrorism or other similar occurrences.

Identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. Depending on the materiality of the issue, we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of
 restarting it or returning it to full capacity. In either event, to the extent that our operational targets are not met, we could have to operate higher cost generation facilities or meet our obligations through
 higher cost open market purchases.

Our inability to balance energy obligations with available supply could negatively impact results.

The revenues generated by the operation of the generating stations are subject to market risks that are beyond our control. Generation output will either be used to satisfy wholesale contract
 requirements, other bilateral contracts or be sold into other competitive power markets. Participants in the competitive power markets are not guaranteed any specified rate of return on their capital
 investments through recovery of mandated rates payable by purchasers of electricity.

Generation revenues and results of operations are dependent upon prevailing market prices for energy, capacity, ancillary services and fuel supply in the markets served.

Our business frequently involves the establishment of forward sale positions in the wholesale energy markets on long-term and short-term bases. To the extent that we have produced or purchased
 energy in excess of our contracted obligations a reduction in market prices could reduce profitability. Conversely, to the extent that we have contracted obligations in excess of energy we have produced or
 purchased, an increase in market prices could reduce profitability.

35

If the strategy we utilize to hedge our exposures to these various risks is not effective, we could incur significant losses. Our market positions can also be adversely affected by the level of volatility in
 the energy markets that, in turn, depends on various factors, including weather in various geographical areas, short-term supply and demand imbalances and pricing differentials at various geographic
 locations. These cannot be predicted with any certainty.

Increases in market prices also affect our ability to hedge generation output and fuel requirements as the obligation to post margin increases with increasing prices and could require the maintenance of
 liquidity resources that would be prohibitively expensive.

Inability to successfully develop or construct generation, transmission and distribution projects could adversely impact our businesses.

Our business plan calls for extensive investment by us in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction and/or acquisition
 of additional generation units and transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure as well as other initiatives. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to complete these projects within
 budgets, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions and, at PSE&G, our ability to recover the related costs. Any delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could
 materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Currently, we have several significant projects underway or being contemplated, including:

 •

 the installation of pollution control equipment at our coal generating facilities;

 •

 the construction of the new Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line;

 •

 the construction or completion of potential growth initiatives;

 •

 the implementation of a new customer service system; and

 •

 the solar initiative proposed by PSE&G.

We face substantial competition in the merchant energy markets.

Our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to substantial competition from well-capitalized entities that may adversely affect our ability to make investments on favorable terms and
 achieve growth objectives. Increased competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower returns. Some of the competitors include:

 •

 merchant generators, including coal;

 •

 banks, funds and other financial entities;

 •

 domestic and multi-national utility generators;

 •

 energy marketers;

 •

 fuel supply companies; and

 •

 affiliates of other industrial companies.

The regulatory, environmental, industry and operational issues discussed previously will have a significant impact on our ability to compete in energy markets. Our ability to compete will also be
 impacted by:

 •

 DSM and other efficiency efforts
—DSM and other efficiency efforts aimed at changing the quantity and patterns of usage by end-use consumers could result in a reduction in Power’s load requirements.

 •

 Changes in technology and/or customer conservation
—It is possible that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing electricity, such as fuel cells, microturbines,
 windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, to a level that is competitive with that of most central station electric production. It is also possible that electric customers may significantly decrease their
 electric consumption due to demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy electricity, which could affect
 financial results.

If such issues were to occur, our market share could be eroded and the value of our power plants could be significantly impaired.

36

We are exposed to commodity price volatility as a result of our participation in the wholesale energy markets.

The material risks associated with the wholesale energy markets known or currently anticipated that could adversely affect our operations are:

 •

 Price fluctuations and collateral requirements
—We expect to meet our supply obligations through a combination of generation and energy purchases managed by ER&T. We also enter into derivative
 and other positions related to our generation assets and supply obligations. To the extent we hedge our costs, we will be subject to the risk of price fluctuations that could affect our future results.
 These include:

 o

 variability in costs, such as changes in the expected price of energy and capacity that we sell into the market;

 o

 increases in the price of energy purchased to meet supply obligations or the amount of excess energy sold into the market;

 o

 the cost of fuel to generate electricity; and

 o

 the cost of emission credits and congestion credits that we use to transmit electricity.

As market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, our forward energy sale and forward fuel purchase contracts could require us to post substantial additional collateral, thus requiring us to obtain
 additional sources of liquidity during periods when our ability to do so may be limited. If we were to lose our investment grade credit rating, we would be required under certain agreements to
 provide a significant amount of additional collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. If we had lost our investment
 grade credit rating as of December 31, 2007, we would have been required to provide approximately $777 million in additional cash or cash-equivalent collateral.

 •

 Third party credit risk
—We sell generation output through the execution of bilateral contracts. These contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of our counterparties to meet their
 contractual obligations to us. Any failure to perform by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. In the spot markets,
 we are exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in those markets, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may not be an effective way of lessening the
 severity of the risk and the amounts at stake.

Certain of our leveraged lease transactions at Resources may be successfully challenged by the IRS, which would have a material adverse effect on our taxes, operating results and cash flows.

On November 16, 2006, the IRS issued its revenue agents’ audit report for tax years 1997 through 2000, which disallowed all deductions associated with certain of our leveraged lease transactions that
 are similar to a type that the IRS publicly announced its intention to challenge. In addition, the IRS imposed a 20% penalty for substantial understatement of tax liability. In February 2007, PSEG filed a
 protest to the Office of Appeals of the IRS. As of each of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, Resources’ total gross investment in such transactions was $1.5 billion.

If the IRS’ disallowance of tax benefits associated with all of these lease transactions was sustained, $781 million of our deferred tax liabilities that have been recorded under leveraged lease accounting
 through December 31, 2007 would become currently payable. In addition, as of December 31, 2007 interest of approximately $179 million, after-tax, and penalties of $169 million may become payable, with
 potential additional interest and penalties of approximately $17 million accruing quarterly. We have assessed the probability of various outcomes to this matter and recorded the tax effect to be realized in
 accordance with FIN 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes—an interpretation of FASB Statement 109”. In December 2007, PSEG deposited $100 million with the IRS to defray potential interest
 costs associated with this disputed tax liability. In the event PSEG is successful in its defense of its position, the deposit is fully refundable with interest.

While we believe that our tax position related to these transactions is proper based on applicable statutes, regulations and case law and we believe that it is more likely than not that we will prevail with
 respect to the IRS’ challenge, no assurances of such result can be given. If all deductions associated with these lease transactions, entered into by us between 1997 and 2002, are successfully challenged by
 the IRS, it would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

37

If we are unable to access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or have sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed, our ability to successfully implement our financial strategies may be
 adversely affected.

Capital for projects and investments has been provided by internally-generated cash flow, equity issuances and borrowings. Continued access to debt capital from outside sources is required in order to
 efficiently fund the cash flow needs of our businesses. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital depend on numerous factors including, among other things, general economic and market
 conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence, the success of current projects and the quality of new projects.

The ability to have continued access to the credit and capital markets at a reasonable economic cost is dependent upon our current and future capital structure, financial performance, our credit ratings
 and the availability of capital. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining financing for projects and investments or in funding the equity commitments required for such
 projects and investments in the future.

Capital
 market performance directly affects the asset values of our decommissioning
 and defined benefit plan trust funds. Sustained decreases in asset value
 of trust assets could result in the need for significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy our future obligations under our pension and post-retirement benefit plans and to decommission
 nuclear generating plants. A significant decline in the market value of those assets, as was experienced from 2000 to 2002, may significantly increase our funding requirements for these obligations.

In the event of an accident or acts of war or terrorism, our insurance coverage may be insufficient if we are unable to obtain adequate coverage at commercially reasonable rates.

We have insurance for all-risk property damage, general public liability, boiler and machinery coverage, nuclear liability for nuclear generating units, replacement power and business interruptions, in
 amounts and with deductibles that management considers appropriate.

We can give no assurance that this insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or that the insurance proceeds received for any loss of or any damage to any of
 our facilities will be sufficient to fund future payments on debt.