The following factors
should be considered when reviewing our business. These factors could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or net cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in
this document. 

The factors discussed in Item 7. MD&A may also have a material adverse affect our results of operations and cash flows
and affect the market prices for our publicly-traded securities. While we believe that we have identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that
are not currently believed to be significant. 

We are subject to comprehensive and evolving regulation by federal, state and local
regulatory agencies that affects, or may affect, our business. 

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities.
Changes in regulation can cause significant delays in or materially affect business planning and transactions and can materially increase our costs. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business, such as our ability to: 

•

 Obtain fair and timely rate relief
—Our utility’s base rates for electric and gas distribution are subject to regulation by the
BPU and are effective until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. In addition, limited categories of costs such as fuel are recovered through adjustment clauses that are periodically reset to reflect current costs. Our transmission assets are
regulated by FERC and costs are recovered through rates set by FERC. Inability to obtain a fair return on our investments or to timely recover material costs not included in rates would have a material adverse effect on our business.

•

 Obtain required regulatory approvals
—The majority of our businesses operate under MBR authority granted by FERC, which has
determined that our subsidiaries do not have market power and MBR rules have been satisfied. Failure to maintain MBR eligibility, or the effects of any severe mitigation measures that may be required if market power was evaluated differently in the
future, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We may also require various other regulatory approvals
to, among other things, buy or sell assets, engage in transactions between our public utility and our other subsidiaries, and, in some cases, enter

30 

Table of Contents

into financing arrangements, issue securities and allow our subsidiaries to pay dividends. Failure to obtain these approvals could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash
flows. 

•

 Obtain adequate levels of energy and capacity payments
—The rules governing the energy and capacity markets in which we participate
are approved by FERC and are subject to change. These rules have been challenged and will continue to be challenged in the future. Changes may have an adverse impact on the amount of payments we receive in these markets 

•

 Comply with regulatory requirements
—There are Federal standards in place to ensure the reliability of the U. S. electric
transmission and generation system and to prevent major system black-outs. These standards apply to all transmission owners and generation owners and operators. We have been, and will continue to be, periodically audited by NERC for compliance. In
addition, as of December 31, 2009, our companies with “critical cyber assets” must be in compliance with NERC’s Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) Standards. FERC can impose penalties up to $1 million per day per violation.
In addition, FERC requires compliance with all of its rules and orders, including rules concerning Standards of Conduct, market behavior and anti-manipulation rules, interlocking directorate rules and cross-subsidization.

The BPU conducts periodic combined management/competitive service audits of New Jersey utilities related to
affiliate standard requirements, competitive services, cross-subsidization, cost allocation and other issues. We are currently in the process of undergoing a management audit and an affiliate transactions audit. While we believe that we are in
compliance, we cannot predict the outcome of such audits. 

There are two pending issues at the BPU stemming from the restructuring of the
utility industry in New Jersey several years ago. 

•

 Treatment of previously approved stranded costs
—Our utility securitized $2.525 billion of generation and generation-related costs
pursuant to an irrevocable, non-bypassable BPU financing order issued pursuant to the Competition Act. The authority of the BPU to issue its order was upheld by the New Jersey Supreme Court in 2001. The Competition Act created a property right in
such financing order that was sold to a bankruptcy remote special purpose subsidiary of PSE&G. An action filed in 2007, seeking injunctive relief from our continued collection of the related transition bond charges, as well as recovery of
amounts previously charged and collected, was summarily dismissed by the New Jersey Superior Court and affirmed on appeal in February 2009. The New Jersey Supreme Court denied the plaintiff’s petition for certification in May 2009. In addition,
a related petition was filed at the BPU, and our Motion to Dismiss the petition remains pending. For additional information, see Legal Proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of the action pending at the BPU. 

•

 Market Transition Charge (MTC) collected during the four-year industry transition period
—The BPU has raised certain questions with
respect to the reconciliation method we employed in calculating the over-recovery of MTC and other charges during the four-year transition period from 1999 to 2003. The amount in dispute was $114 million, which if required to be refunded to
customers with interest through December 2009 would be $142 million. In January 2009, an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) issued a decision which upheld our central contention that the 2004 BPU order approving the Phase I settlement resolved the
issues now raised by the BPU Staff and the New Jersey Division of Rate Counsel, and that these issues should not be subject to re-litigation in respect of the first three years of the transition period. The ALJ’s decision states that the BPU
could elect to convene a separate proceeding to address the fourth and final year reconciliation of MTC recoveries. The amount in dispute with respect to this Phase II period is approximately $50 million. 

By order dated September 3, 2009, the BPU rejected the ALJ’s initial decision, elected to maintain jurisdiction over the matter and
established a schedule for briefing on the merits of the question of whether any MTC-related refunds are due. Generally, the BPU rejected the claims that the matters at issue had been fairly and finally litigated. Briefing has been completed and the
matter is now pending before the BPU. We cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding. 

31 

Table of Contents

Certain of our leveraged lease transactions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, which would have a
material adverse effect on our taxes, operating results and cash flows. 

We have received Revenue Agent’s Reports from the IRS with
respect to its audit of our federal corporate income tax returns for tax years 1997 through 2003, which disallowed all deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions. In addition, the IRS Reports proposed a 20% penalty for
substantial understatement of tax liability. 

As of December 31, 2009, $660 million would become currently payable if we conceded all of
the deductions taken through that date. We deposited a total of $320 million to defray potential interest costs associated with this disputed tax liability and may make additional deposits in 2010. As of December 31, 2009, penalties of $150
million could also become payable if the IRS is successful in its claims. If the IRS is successful in a litigated case consistent with the positions it has taken in a generic settlement offer recently proposed to us, an additional $80 million to
$100 million of tax would be due for tax positions through December 31, 2009. 

We are subject to numerous federal and state
environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our business, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. 

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land
use, waste disposal, aesthetics, impact on global climate, natural resources damages and other matters. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures. Future changes may result in
increased compliance costs. 

Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain any environmental permits or approvals, or delay in or
failure to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements, could: 

•

 prevent construction of new facilities, 

•

 prevent continued operation of existing facilities, 

•

 prevent the sale of energy from these facilities, or 

•

 result in significant additional costs which could materially affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

In obtaining required approvals and maintaining compliance with laws and regulations, we focus on several key environmental issues, including: 

•

 Concerns over global climate change could result in laws and regulations to limit CO2

 emissions or other “greenhouse” gases produced by our fossil generation facilities

—Federal and state legislation and regulation designed to address global climate change through the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions could materially impact our fossil generation facilities.
Legislation enacted in New Jersey establishes aggressive goals for the reduction of CO
2

 emissions over a 40-year period. There could be significant costs incurred to continue operation of our fossil generation facilities, including the potential need to purchase CO
2

 emission allowances. Such expenditures could materially affect the
continued economic viability of one or more such facilities. Multiple states, primarily in the Northeastern U.S., are developing or have developed state-specific or regional legislative initiatives to stimulate CO
2

 emissions reductions in the electric power industry. The RGGI began in
2009. Member states will control emissions of greenhouse gases by issuance of allowances to emit CO
2

 primarily through an auction. 

A
significant portion of our fossil fuel-fired electric generation is located in states within the RGGI region and competes with electricity generators within PJM not located within a RGGI state. The costs or inability to purchase CO
2

 allowances for our fleet operating within a RGGI state could place us at
an economic disadvantage compared to our competitors not located in a RGGI state. 

•

 Potential closed-cycle cooling requirements
—Our Salem nuclear generating facility has a permit from the NJDEP allowing for its
continued operation with its existing cooling water system. That permit expired in July 2006. Our application to renew the permit, filed in February 2006, estimated the costs

32 

Table of Contents

associated with cooling towers for Salem to be approximately $1 billion, of which our share was approximately $575 million. 

If the NJDEP and the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection were to require installation of closed-cycle cooling or its
equivalent at our Mercer, Hudson, Bridgeport, Sewaren or New Haven generating stations, the related increased costs and impacts would be material to our financial position, results of operations and net cash flows and would require further economic
review to determine whether to continue operations or decommission the stations. 

•

 Remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities
—We are subject to liability under environmental
laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Remediation activities associated with our former Manufactured Gas Plant
(MGP) operations are one source of such costs. Also, we are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances may have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future, the
related costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In 2007, the State of New Jersey filed multiple lawsuits against parties, including us, who were alleged to be responsible for injuries to natural resources in New Jersey, including a site being
remediated under our MGP program. We cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the costs or the timing thereof, that may be required with respect to these or other natural resource damages claims. For additional information, see Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. 

•

 More stringent air pollution control requirements in New Jersey
—Most of our generating facilities are located in New Jersey where
restrictions are generally considered to be more stringent in comparison to other states. Therefore, there may be instances where the facilities located in New Jersey are subject to more restrictive and, therefore, more costly pollution control
requirements and liability for damage to natural resources, than competing facilities in other states. Most of New Jersey has been classified as “nonattainment” with national ambient air quality standards for one or more air contaminants.
This requires New Jersey to develop programs to reduce air emissions. Such programs can impose additional costs on us by requiring that we offset any emissions increases from new electric generators we may want to build and by setting more stringent
emission limits on our facilities that run during the hottest days of the year. 

•

 Coal Ash Management
—Coal ash is produced as a byproduct of generation at our coal-fired facilities. We currently have a program to
beneficially reuse coal ash as presently allowed by Federal and state regulations. The EPA has announced that it is reconsidering whether coal ash should be regulated, potentially as a hazardous waste. The EPA has indicated that it intends to
propose a rule in early 2010. Proposed regulations which more stringently regulate coal ash, including regulating coal ash as hazardous waste, could materially increase costs at our coal-fired generation facilities. This potential regulation could
also have an impact on certain of our lease investments in coal-fired generation. 

Our ownership and operation of nuclear
power plants involve regulatory, financial, environmental, health and safety risks. 

Approximately half of our total generation output each
year is provided by our nuclear fleet, which comprises approximately one-fourth of our total owned generation capacity. For this reason, we are exposed to risks related to the continued successful operation of our nuclear facilities and issues that
may adversely affect the nuclear generation industry. These include: 

•

 Storage and Disposal of Spent Nuclear Fuel
—We currently use on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel. Disposal of nuclear materials,
including the availability or unavailability of a permanent repository for spent nuclear fuel, could impact future operations of these stations. In addition, the availability of an off-site repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect our ability to
fully decommission our nuclear units in the future. 

33 

Table of Contents

•

 Regulatory and Legal Risk
—The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, or shut down a nuclear facility and impose substantial
civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms and conditions of the licenses for nuclear generating facilities. As with all of our generation facilities, as discussed above, our nuclear facilities
are also subject to comprehensive, evolving environmental regulation. 

Our nuclear generating facilities are
currently operating under NRC licenses that expire in 2016, 2020, 2026, 2033 and 2034. While we have applied for extensions to these licenses for Salem and Hope Creek, the extension process can be expected to take three to five years from
commencement until completion of NRC review. We cannot be sure that we will receive the requested extensions or be able to operate the facilities for all or any portion of any extended license. 

•

 Operational Risk
—Operations at any of our nuclear generating units could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be
shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Since our nuclear fleet provides the majority of our generation output, any significant outage
could result in reduced earnings as we would need to purchase or generate higher-priced energy to meet our contractual obligations. For additional information, see our discussion of operational performance for all of our generation facilities below.

•

 Nuclear Incident or Accident Risk
—Accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred at nuclear stations both in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and may include loss of life, property damage and/or a change in the regulatory climate. All our nuclear units are located at one of two sites. It is possible that an accident or other
incident at a nuclear generating unit could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate unaffected units located at the same site, which would further affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. An accident or incident
at a nuclear unit not owned by us could also affect our ability to continue to operate our units. Any resulting financial impact from a nuclear accident may exceed our resources, including insurance coverages. 

We may be adversely affected by changes in energy regulatory policies, including energy and capacity market design rules and developments affecting
transmission. 

The energy industry continues to be regulated and the rules to which our businesses are subject are always at risk of being
changed. Various rules have recently been implemented to respond to commodity pricing, reliability and other industry concerns. Our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets in each of PJM, ISO-NE and
NYISO. Under these rules, generators located in constrained areas are paid more for their capacity so there is an incentive to locate in those areas where generation capacity is most needed. Because much of our generation is located in constrained
areas in PJM and ISO-NE, the existence of these rules has had a positive impact on our revenues. PJM’s locational capacity market design rules are currently being challenged in court, and FERC is currently considering changes to PJM’s
rules for RPM and for the Forward Capacity Market in New England. Any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Many factors will affect the capacity pricing in PJM, including but not limited to: 

•

 changes in load and demand, 

•

 changes in the available amounts of demand response resources, 

•

 changes in available generating capacity (including retirements, additions, derates, forced outage rates, etc.), 

•

 increases in transmission capability between zones, and 

•

 changes to the pricing mechanism, including increasing the potential number of zones to create more pricing sensitivity to changes in supply and
demand, as well as other potential changes that PJM may propose over time. 

34 

Table of Contents

Potential changes to the rules governing energy markets in which the output of our plants is sold also poses
risk to our business. Certain stakeholders, primarily consumer advocates and state commissions, have been arguing that each generating plant should be paid its “as bid” price rather than allowing all units to be paid a single clearing
price based on the marginal unit’s bid. If adopted, this change could reduce the energy payments received by certain of our generating units. 

We could also be impacted by a number of other events, including regulatory or legislative actions favoring non-competitive markets and energy efficiency initiatives. Further, some of the market-based mechanisms in which we participate,
including BGS auctions, are at times the subject of review or discussion by some of the participants in the New Jersey and federal regulatory and political arenas. Potential efforts in the State of New Jersey to enact a regulatory construct for the
procurement of additional generation could have an impact upon the current competitive market for generation, from which we have benefited. We can provide no assurance that these mechanisms will continue to exist in their current form, nor otherwise
be modified by regulations. 

To the extent that additions to the transmission system relieve or reduce congestion in eastern PJM where most of
our plants are located, our revenues could be adversely affected. Developers of long-distance “green” transmission projects currently have a number of proposed projects pending at FERC. These seek authorization for inclusion in regional
transmission planning processes, with the potential to move lower-cost generation to eastern markets, including New Jersey and New York. In addition, the DOE recently awarded funding to the Eastern Interconnection Planning Collaborative (EIPC),
which expects to engage in transmission planning across the Eastern Interconnection, making the construction of large-scale transmission more likely. In addition, pressures from renewable resources such as wind and solar, could increase over time,
especially if government incentive programs continue to grow. 

We face significant competition in the merchant energy markets.

Our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to significant competition that may adversely affect our ability to make
investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our annual objectives. Increased competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower earnings. Decreased competition could negatively impact results
through a decline in market liquidity. Some of our competitors include: 

•

 merchant generators, 

•

 domestic and multi-national utility rate-based generators, 

•

 energy marketers, 

•

 banks, funds and other financial entities, 

•

 fuel supply companies, and 

•

 affiliates of other industrial companies. 

Regulatory, environmental, industry and other operational developments will have a significant impact on our ability to compete in energy markets, potentially resulting in erosion of our market share and
an impairment in the value of our power plants. Our ability to compete will also be impacted by: 

•

 DSM and other efficiency efforts
—DSM and other efficiency efforts aimed at changing the quantity and patterns of consumers’
usage could result in a reduction in load requirements. 

•

 Changes in technology and/or customer conservation
—It is possible that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative
methods of producing electricity, such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, to a level that is competitive with that of most central station electric production. It is also possible that electric customers may
significantly decrease their electric consumption due to demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy electricity, which could adversely affect financial
results. 

35 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to commodity price volatility as a result of our participation in the wholesale energy
markets. 

The material risks associated with the wholesale energy markets known or currently anticipated that could adversely affect our
operations include: 

•

 Price fluctuations and collateral requirements
—We expect to meet our supply obligations through a combination of generation and
energy purchases. We also enter into derivative and other positions related to our generation assets and supply obligations. As a result, we will be subject to the risk of price fluctuations that could affect our future results and impact our
liquidity needs. These include: 

¡

 variability in costs, such as changes in the expected price of energy and capacity that we sell into the market; 

¡

 increases in the price of energy purchased to meet supply obligations or the amount of excess energy sold into the market;

¡

 the cost of fuel to generate electricity; and 

¡

 the cost of emission credits and congestion credits that we use to transmit electricity. 

In the markets where we operate, natural gas prices often have a major impact on the price that generators will receive for their output,
especially in periods of relatively strong demand. Therefore, significant changes in the price of natural gas will often translate into significant changes in the wholesale price of electricity. For example, during 2009, generation by our coal units
was adversely affected by the relatively favorable price of natural gas as compared to coal, making it more economical to run certain of our gas units than our coal units. 

Also, as market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, our forward energy sale and forward fuel purchase contracts could require us to post substantial additional collateral, thus requiring us to obtain
additional sources of liquidity during periods when our ability to do so may be limited. If Power were to lose its investment grade credit rating, it would be required under certain agreements to provide a significant amount of additional collateral
in the form of letters of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. If Power had lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2009, it may have had to provide approximately $986
million in additional collateral. 

•

 Our cost of coal and nuclear fuel may substantially increase
—Our coal and nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts
and inventory that will provide a substantial portion of our fuel needs over the next several years. However, it will be necessary to enter into additional arrangements to acquire coal and nuclear fuel in the future. Market prices for coal and
nuclear fuel have recently been volatile. Although our fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks, future increases in our fuel costs cannot be predicted with certainty and could materially and adversely affect
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

•

 Third party credit risk
—We sell generation output and buy fuel through the execution of bilateral contracts. These contracts are
subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of our counterparties to meet their contractual obligations to us. Any failure to perform by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and
financial position. In the spot markets, we are exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in those markets, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may not be an effective way of lessening the severity
of the risk and the amounts at stake. The impact of economic conditions may also increase such risk. 

Our inability to
balance energy obligations with available supply could negatively impact results. 

The revenues generated by the operation of our
generating stations are subject to market risks that are beyond our control. Generation output will either be used to satisfy wholesale contract requirements, other bilateral contracts or be sold into competitive power markets. Participants in the
competitive power markets are not guaranteed any specified rate of return on their capital investments. Generation revenues and results of operations are dependent upon prevailing market prices for energy, capacity, ancillary services and fuel
supply in the markets served. 

36 

Table of Contents

Our business frequently involves the establishment of forward sale positions in the wholesale energy markets
on long-term and short-term bases. To the extent that we have produced or purchased energy in excess of our contracted obligations, a reduction in market prices could reduce profitability. Conversely, to the extent that we have contracted
obligations in excess of energy we have produced or purchased, an increase in market prices could reduce profitability. 

If the strategy we
utilize to hedge our exposures to these various risks is not effective, we could incur significant losses. Our market positions can also be adversely affected by the level of volatility in the energy markets that, in turn, depends on various
factors, including weather in various geographical areas, short-term supply and demand imbalances, customer migration and pricing differentials at various geographic locations. These cannot be predicted with certainty. 

Increases in market prices also affect our ability to hedge generation output and fuel requirements as the obligation to post margin increases with
increasing prices and could require the maintenance of liquidity resources that would be prohibitively expensive. 

Inability to access
sufficient capital at reasonable rates or commercially reasonable terms or maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed could adversely impact our business. 

Capital for projects and investments has been provided primarily by internally-generated cash flow and borrowings. We have significant capital requirements and continued access to debt capital from
outside sources is required in order to efficiently fund the construction and other cash flow needs of our businesses. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital depend on numerous factors including, among other things, general
economic and market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence, the success of current projects and the quality of new projects. 

The ability to have continued access to the credit and capital markets at a reasonable economic cost is dependent upon our current and future capital
structure, financial performance, our credit ratings and the availability of capital under reasonable terms and conditions. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining re-financing for maturing debt, financing for
projects and investments or funding the equity commitments required for such projects and investments in the future. 

Capital market
performance directly affects the asset values of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and defined benefit plan trust funds. Sustained decreases in asset value of trust assets could result in the need for significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy our future obligations under
our pension and postretirement benefit plans and to decommission our nuclear generating plants. The decline in the market value of our pension assets experienced in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulted in the need to make additional contributions in
2009 to maintain our funding at sufficient levels. Further significant declines in the market value of these assets may significantly increase our funding requirements for these obligations in the future. 

An extended economic recession would likely have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

Our results of operations may be negatively affected by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy, including low levels in the market prices of
commodities. Adverse conditions in the economy affect the markets in which we operate and can negatively impact our results. Declines in demand for energy will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as customers reduce their
consumption of electricity and gas. Although our utility business is subject to regulated allowable rates of return, overall declines in electricity and gas sold and/or increases in non-payment of customer bills would materially adversely affect our
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

While our generation runs on diverse fuels, allowing for flexibility, the mix of
fuels ultimately used can impact earnings. Generation by our coal units in 2009 was adversely affected by the relatively favorable price of natural gas as compared to coal, making it more economical to run certain of our gas units than our coal
units. This caused a decrease in our coal unit production in 2009 compared to 2008. 

37 

Table of Contents

In the event of an accident or acts of war or terrorism, our insurance coverage may be insufficient if we
are unable to obtain adequate coverage at commercially reasonable rates. 

We have insurance for all-risk property damage including boiler
and machinery coverage for our nuclear and non-nuclear generating units, replacement power and business interruption coverage for our nuclear generating units, general public liability and nuclear liability, in amounts and with deductibles that we
consider appropriate. 

We can give no assurance that this insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms
or that the insurance proceeds received for any loss of or any damage to any of our facilities will be sufficient. 

Inability to
successfully develop or construct generation, transmission and distribution projects within budget could adversely impact our businesses. 

Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and
transmission facilities and modernizing existing infrastructure. Currently, we have several significant projects underway or being contemplated. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to complete these projects within budgets, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions and, in our regulated businesses, our ability to recover the related costs. Any delays, cost
escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may be unable to achieve, or continue to sustain, our expected levels of generating operating performance. 

One of the key elements to achieving the results in our business plans is the ability to sustain generating operating performance and capacity factors at expected levels since our forward sales of energy
and capacity assume acceptable levels of operating performance. This is especially important at our lower-cost facilities. Operations at any of our plants could degrade to the point where the plant has to shut down or operate at less than full
capacity. Some issues that could impact the operation of our facilities are: 

•

 breakdown or failure of equipment, processes or management effectiveness; 

•

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity; 

•

 labor disputes; 

•

 fuel supply interruptions; 

•

 transportation constraints; 

•

 limitations which may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; 

•

 permit limitations; and 

•

 operator error or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, acts of terrorism or other similar occurrences.

Identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. Depending on the materiality of the
issue, we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning it to full capacity. In either event, to the extent that our operational targets are not met, we could have to operate higher-cost generation
facilities or meet our obligations through higher-cost open market purchases.