Forward-Looking
and Cautionary Statements 

We discuss expectations
regarding our future performance, such as our business outlook, in our annual and quarterly reports, press releases, and other written and oral statements. These “forward-looking statements” are based on currently available competitive,
financial and economic data and our operating plans. They are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could turn out to be significantly different from our expectations. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement. The following discussion of risks is by no means all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our trends and future results. 

Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences
and tastes. 

We are a consumer products company
operating in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Any significant changes in consumer preferences and our
inability to anticipate and react to such changes could 

6 

Table of Contents

result in reduced demand for our products and erosion of our competitive and financial position. Our
success depends on our ability to respond to consumer trends, such as consumer health concerns about obesity, product attributes and ingredients. In addition, changes in product category consumption and consumer demographics could result in reduced
demand for our products. Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including the aging of the general population, changes in social trends, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity patterns or a downturn in economic
conditions, which may reduce consumers’ willingness to purchase premium branded products. Our continued success is also dependent on our product innovation, including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products, and the effectiveness of our
advertising campaigns and marketing programs. There can be no assurance as to our continued ability to develop and launch successful new products or variants of existing products, or to effectively execute advertising campaigns and marketing
programs. In addition, both the launch and ongoing success of new products and advertising campaigns are inherently uncertain, especially as to their appeal to consumers. 

Any damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Maintaining a good reputation globally is
critical to selling our branded products. If we fail to maintain high standards for product quality, safety and integrity, our reputation could be jeopardized. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may reduce demand
for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. If any of our products becomes unfit for consumption, misbranded or causes injury, we may have to engage in a product recall and/or be subject to liability. A widespread product recall
or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity. Failure to maintain high ethical, social and environmental standards for all of
our operations and activities could also jeopardize our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these reasons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 

If we are not able to build and sustain proper information technology infrastructure, our business could suffer. 

We depend on information technology as an enabler to operating efficiently and interfacing with customers, as well as maintaining financial accuracy
and efficiency. If we do not allocate, and effectively manage, the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business
disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. 

We have embarked on a multiyear Business Process Transformation (BPT) initiative that includes the delivery of an SAP enterprise resource planning application, as well as the migration to common business processes
across our North American operations. There can be no certainty that these programs will deliver the expected benefits. The failure to 

7 

Table of Contents

deliver our goals may impact our ability to (1) process transactions accurately and efficiently and
(2) remain in step with the changing needs of the trade, which could result in the loss of customers. In addition, the failure to either deliver the application on time, or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to
business disruption. 

As with all large systems, our
information systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets.

Disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemic, strikes or other
reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 

Trade consolidation or the loss of any key customer could adversely affect our financial performance. 

There is a greater concentration of our customer base around the world
generally due to the continued consolidation of retail trade. As retail ownership becomes more concentrated, retailers demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. Further, as larger retailers increase utilization of their own
distribution networks and private label brands, the competitive advantages we derive from our go-to-market systems and brand equity may be eroded. Failure to appropriately respond to these trends or to offer effective sales incentives and marketing
programs to our customers could reduce our ability to secure adequate shelf space at our retailers and adversely affect our financial performance. 

In addition, retail consolidation has increased the importance of major customers and further consolidation is expected. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
represent approximately 9% of our total worldwide net revenue; and our top five retail customers currently represent approximately 26% of our 2005 North American net revenue, with Wal-Mart representing approximately 11%. These percentages include
concentrate sales to our bottlers which are used in finished goods sold by them to these retailers. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including our retailers and anchor bottlers, to effectively
compete. Loss of any of our key customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “

Our Customers,” “

Our Related Party Bottlers” and

Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on our customers, including our anchor bottlers. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our business may be adversely impacted by unfavorable economic or environmental conditions or
political or other developments and risks in the countries in which we operate. 

Unfavorable global economic or environmental changes, political conditions or other developments may result in business disruption, supply constraints, foreign currency devaluation, inflation, deflation or decreased
demand. Economic conditions in North America could also adversely impact growth. For example, rising fuel costs may impact the sales of our products in convenience stores where our products are generally sold in higher margin single serve packages.
Our international operations accounted for over a third of our revenue for the period ended December 31, 2005. Unstable economic and political conditions or civil unrest in the countries in which we operate could have adverse impacts on our
business results or financial condition. 

Regulatory
decisions and changes in the legal and regulatory environment could increase our costs and liabilities or limit our business activities. 

The conduct of our businesses, and the production, distribution, sale, advertising, labeling, safety, transportation and use of many of our products, are
subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in markets in which we operate.
In many jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special importance to us due to our competitive position in those jurisdictions. These laws and regulations may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of political, economic or
social events. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy and the related interpretations may alter the environment in which we do business and, therefore, may impact our results or increase our costs or liabilities. Such regulatory
environment changes include changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and deceptive marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws and environmental laws, including California Proposition 65 and
the regulation of water consumption and treatment. In particular, governmental bodies in countries where we operate may impose new labeling, product or production requirements, or other restrictions. Regulatory authorities under whose laws we
operate may also have enforcement powers that can subject us to actions such as product recall, seizure of products or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on our sales or damage our reputation. See also “Regulatory Environment
and Environmental Compliance.” 

If we are unable to hire or retain
key employees, it could have a negative impact on our business. 

Our continued growth requires us to develop our leadership bench and to implement programs, such as our long-term incentive program, designed to retain talent. However, there is no assurance that we will continue to
be able to hire or retain key employees. We compete to hire new employees, and then must train them and develop their skills and competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for
employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee 

9 

Table of Contents

benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our
competitive advantage. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected
by increased costs or shortages of raw materials. 

We
are exposed to the market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy. The raw materials and energy which we use for the production of our products are largely commodities that are
subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by changes in global supply and demand, weather conditions, agricultural uncertainty or governmental controls. We purchase these materials and energy mainly in the open market. If
commodity price changes result in unexpected increases in raw materials and energy costs, we may not be able to increase our prices to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue and operating income. 

Our business could suffer if we are unable to compete effectively. 

Our businesses operate in highly competitive markets. We compete against
global, regional and private label manufacturers on the basis of price, quality, product variety and effective distribution. Increased competition and anticipated actions by our competitors could lead to downward pressure on prices and/or a decline
in our market share, either of which could adversely affect our results. See “Our Competition” for more information about our competitors.