In the normal course of business, our operations, financial condition and results of

operations are routinely subjected to a variety of risks. Our actual financial

results could differ materially from projected results due to some or all of the

factors discussed below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties

described below, as well as those discussed in the “
Competition
,” “
Our Stores
,”

“
Distribution
,” and “
Government Regulation
” sections of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K. In addition, current global economic conditions may amplify many of these risks.

A decline in consumer spending or a change in consumer preferences

could reduce our sales or profitability and harm our business.

Our sales depend on consumer spending, which is influenced by factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the availability of discretionary income and credit, consumer confidence, tax or interest rate fluctuations, fuel and other energy costs, healthcare costs, weather and unemployment levels. Global or national political unrest or uncertainty may also impact the price paid by consumers for goods, services and commodities and reduce consumer spending and confidence, and reduce our sales or profitability. We may experience declines in sales or changes in the types of products sold during economic downturns. Any material decline in the amount of consumer spending could reduce our sales, and a decrease in the sales of higher-margin products could reduce profitability and, in each case, harm our business. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns, as well as pet ownership trends and pet care needs could adversely affect our business and financial results.

7

Table of Contents

The pet products and services retail industry is very competitive and continued competitive forces

may adversely impact our business and financial results.

The pet products and services retail industry is very competitive. We compete with supermarkets, warehouse clubs and other mass and general retail merchandisers, many of which are larger and have significantly greater resources than we have. We also compete with a number of specialty pet supply stores and independent pet stores, veterinarians, catalog retailers and e-commerce retailers. The pet products and services retail industry has become increasingly competitive due to the expansion of pet-related product offerings by certain supermarkets, warehouse clubs and other mass and retail merchandisers and the entrance of other specialty retailers into the pet food and pet supply market, some of which have developed store formats similar to ours. We may face greater competition from these or other retailers in the future, and changes in their merchandising and operational strategies could impact our sales and profitability. In particular, if supermarket, warehouse club or other mass and retail merchandiser competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, we would likely reduce our prices on similar product offerings in order to remain competitive, which may result in a decrease in our market share, sales, operating results and profitability and require a change in our operating strategies.

We also have been able to compete successfully by differentiating ourselves from our competitors through providing a careful combination of product assortment, competitive pricing, service offerings and unique customer experience. If changes in consumer preferences decrease the competitive advantage attributable to these factors, or if we fail to otherwise positively differentiate our customer experience from our competitors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Comparable store sales growth may decrease. If we

are unable to increase sales at our existing stores, our results of

operations could be harmed.

We can make no assurances that our stores will meet forecasted levels of sales and profitability. As a result of new store openings in existing markets, and because older stores will represent an increasing proportion of our store base over time, our comparable store sales performance may be materially impacted in future periods. In addition, a portion of a typical new store's sales comes from customers who previously shopped at other PetSmart stores in the existing market.

We may be unable to continue to open new stores and enter new markets successfully.

If we are unable to successfully reformat existing stores and open new stores, our

results of operations could be harmed. Also, store development may place increasing

demands on management and operating systems and may erode sales at existing stores.

We currently operate stores in most of the major market areas of the United States and Canada. Our ability to be successful with our store development efforts is dependent on various factors, some of which are outside our control, including: 

•

Identifying store sites that offer attractive returns on our investment notwithstanding the impact of cannibalization of our existing stores;

•

Competition for those sites; 

•

Successfully negotiating with landlords to achieve acceptable lease terms and obtaining any necessary governmental, regulatory or private approvals;

•

Timely construction of stores;  

•

Our ability to attract and retain qualified store personnel; and

•

Our ability to reformat existing stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our investment.

To the extent we are unable to accomplish any of the above, our ability to open new stores and hotels or reformat existing ones may be harmed and our future sales and profits may be adversely affected. In addition, we can make no assurances that we will be able to meet the forecasted level of sales or operate our new stores or hotels profitably.

The increased demands placed on existing systems and procedures, and on management by our store development plans, also could result in operational inefficiencies and less effective management of our business and associates, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance. Opening new stores in a market will attract some customers away from other stores already operated by us in that market and diminish their sales. An increase in construction costs and/or building material costs could also adversely affect our financial performance.

Our leases are typically signed approximately 9 months before a store opens. As a result of that timing, we may be unable to adjust our store opening schedule to new economic conditions or a change in strategy in a timely manner.

8

Table of Contents

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to seasonal changes

associated with the pet products and services retail industry and the timing of expenses, new store openings and store closures.

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. We typically realize a higher portion of our net sales and operating profit during the fourth fiscal quarter. Sales of certain products and services are seasonal and because our stores typically draw customers from a large area, sales may also be impacted by adverse weather or travel conditions, which are more prevalent during certain seasons of the year. As a result of this seasonality, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Also, controllable expenses, such as advertising, may fluctuate from quarter to quarter within a year. As a result of our expansion plans, the timing of new store openings and related preopening expenses, the amount of revenue contributed by new and existing stores, and the timing and estimated obligations of store closures, our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate. Finally, because new stores tend to experience higher payroll, advertising and other store level expenses, as a percentage of net sales, than mature stores, new store openings will also contribute to lower store operating margins until these stores become established.

Failure to successfully manage and execute our marketing initiatives

could have a negative impact on our business.

Our continued success and growth depend on cultivating a growing, loyal customer base, improving customer traffic and increasing the average transaction amount to gain sales momentum in our stores and on our e-commerce web site. Historically, we have utilized various media to reach the consumer, and we have experienced varying responses to our marketing efforts. We may not be able to successfully execute our marketing initiatives to realize the intended benefits and growth prospects due to factors outside of our control such as increased competition or deterioration of general economic conditions, thus limiting our ability to capitalize on business opportunities and expand our business. Also, our inability to accurately predict our customers' preferred method of communication or the customers' acceptance of our marketing initiatives could result in the failure to drive sales growth and thereby impact our business and financial performance. 

A disruption, malfunction or increased costs in the operation, expansion or

replenishment of our distribution centers or our supply chain would impact our

ability to deliver to our stores or increase our

expenses, which could harm our sales and results of operations.

Our vendors generally ship merchandise to our distribution centers, which receive and allocate merchandise to our stores. Any interruption or malfunction in our distribution operations, including, but not limited to, disruptions to the transportation infrastructure, the loss of a key vendor that provides transportation of merchandise to or from our distribution centers, the failure of a key vendor to deliver on its commitments, or a material increase in our transportation and distribution costs, including, but not limited to, costs resulting from increases in the price of fuel and other energy costs or other commodities, could harm our sales and the results of our operations. We seek to optimize inventory levels to operate our business successfully. An interruption in the supply chain could result in out-of-stock or excess merchandise inventory levels that could harm our sales and the results of operations. We operate four fish distribution centers and have one fish distribution center that is operated by a third-party vendor. An interruption or malfunction in these operations or in the fulfillment of fish orders could harm our sales and results of operations. Operating the fish distribution centers is a very complex process, and if we lose the third-party operator, we can make no assurances that we could contract with another third-party to operate the fish distribution center on favorable terms, if at all, or that we could successfully operate all of the fish distribution centers ourselves. In addition, our growth plans require the development of new distribution centers to service the increasing number of stores. If we are unable to successfully expand our distribution network in a timely manner, our sales or results of operations could be harmed. 

Failure to successfully manage our inventory could harm our business.

 We are exposed to inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, changes in customer preferences or demand and consumer spending patterns with respect to our products. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or under stocking products that we sell. Demand for products, however, can change between the time inventory is ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product selection, and accurately forecast demand. We carry a broad selection of certain products and we may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our business and financial results. 

If our information systems fail to perform as designed or are

interrupted for a significant period of time, our business could be

harmed.

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively manage our financial and operational data, process payroll, manage the supply chain and to maintain our in-stock positions. We possess disaster recovery capabilities for our key information systems, and take measures intended to prevent security breaches and computer viruses. However, the failure of our information systems to perform as designed, due to failure to 

9

Table of Contents

manage disasters, security breaches, computer viruses or any other interruption of our information systems for a significant period of time could disrupt our business.

We continue to invest in our information systems. Enhancement to or replacement of our major financial or operational information systems could result in disruption of normal operating processes and procedures and have a significant impact on our ability to conduct our core business operations. We can make no assurances that the costs of enhancement to or replacement of our information systems will not exceed estimates, that the systems will be implemented without material disruption, or that the systems will be as beneficial as predicted. If any of these events occur, the results of our operations could be harmed.

If we fail to protect the integrity and security of customer and

associate information, our

business could be adversely impacted.

The increasing costs associated with the implementation and on-going operation of our information security systems, such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with privacy and information security laws, and costs resulting from potential data loss, could adversely impact our business. We also routinely possess sensitive customer and associate information and, while we believe we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect that information from security breaches, data loss and computer viruses, if our security procedures and controls were compromised, unintentionally or through cyber-attacks, it could harm our business, consumer confidence, reputation, operating results and financial condition, result in litigation and may increase the costs we incur to protect against such information security breaches.

The disruption of the relationship with or the loss of any of our key vendors, including our vendors with whom we have exclusive relationships, a

decision by our vendors to make their products available in supermarkets or through

warehouse clubs and other mass and retail merchandisers, the inability of our

vendors to provide quality products in a timely or cost-effective manner, the availability of generic products, or risks

associated with the suppliers from whom products are sourced, all could harm our

business.

Sales of premium pet food for dogs and cats comprise a significant portion of our net sales. Currently, most major vendors of premium pet food do not permit their products to be sold in supermarkets, warehouse clubs, or through other mass and retail merchandisers. If any premium pet food or pet supply vendor were to make its products available in supermarkets, warehouse clubs and other mass or retail merchandisers, our business could be harmed. In addition, if the grocery brands currently available to such retailers were to gain market share at the expense of the premium brands sold only through specialty pet food and pet supply outlets, our business could be harmed.

We purchase a substantial amount of pet supplies from a number of vendors with limited supply capabilities, and two of our largest vendors account for a material amount of products sold. We can make no assurances that we will be able to find new qualified vendors who meet our standards, or that our current pet supply vendors will be able to accommodate our anticipated needs or comply with existing or any new regulatory requirements. In addition, we purchase a substantial amount of pet supplies from vendors outside of the United States. Effective global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. We can make no assurances that our international vendors will be able to satisfy our requirements including, but not limited to, timeliness of delivery, acceptable product quality, and accurate packaging and labeling. Any inability of our existing vendors to provide products meeting such requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner could harm our business. While we believe our vendor relationships are good, we have no material long-term supply commitments from our vendors, and any vendor could discontinue selling to us at any time. 

Many factors relating to our vendors and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control, including the stability of their political, economic and financial environments, their ability to operate in challenging economic environments or meet our standards and applicable U.S. and local legal requirements, the availability of labor and raw materials, labor unrest, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, trade restrictions, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors. In addition, Canada's and the United States' foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the import of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These factors affecting our vendors and our access to products could adversely affect our operations and our financial performance.

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products may not improve

our financial performance and may expose us to product liability

claims.

We offer various proprietary branded products, for which we rely on third-party manufacturers. Such third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, or the quality of the products may not meet our expectations. In such event, we may have increased exposure for quality-related claims or losses caused by such products. In addition, our proprietary branded products compete with other manufacturers' branded items that we offer. As we continue to evaluate the number and types of proprietary branded products that we sell, we may adversely affect our relationships with our vendors, who may decide to reduce their product offerings through 

10

Table of Contents

us and increase their product offerings through our competitors. An increase in our proprietary branded product offerings also exposes us to risk that third parties will assert infringement claims against us with respect to such products, and we may be unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights on our proprietary branded products. Finally, if any of our customers are harmed by our proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us. Any of these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

Food safety, quality and health concerns could affect our business.

We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of vendor-supplied food products and hard-good products. All of our vendors are required to comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent upon them to ensure such compliance. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying the products in our stores or cause vendor production and delivery disruptions. The real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims against our vendors or us, expose us or our vendors to governmental enforcement action or private litigation, or lead to costly recalls and a loss of consumer confidence, any of which could have an adverse effect on our sales and operations and financial performance.

We depend on key executives, store managers and other personnel and

may not be able to retain or replace these employees or recruit

additional qualified personnel, which could harm our business.

Our success is largely dependent on the efforts and abilities of our senior executive group and other key personnel. The loss of the services of one or more of our key executives or personnel could adversely impact our financial performance and our ability to execute our strategies. In addition, our future success depends on our ability to attract, train, manage and retain highly skilled store managers and qualified services personnel such as pet trainers and groomers. There is a high level of competition for these employees and our ability to operate our stores and expand our services depends on our ability to attract and retain these personnel. Competition for qualified management and services personnel could require us to pay higher wages or other compensation to attract a sufficient number of employees. Turnover, which has historically been high among entry-level or part-time associates at our stores and distribution centers, increases the risk that associates will not have the training and experience needed to provide competitive, high-quality customer service. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics and changes in employment legislation. If we are unable to retain qualified associates or our labor costs increase significantly, our business operations and our financial performance could be adversely impacted. 

Our international operations may result in additional market risks, which may harm

our business.

We operate stores outside of the United States. As these operations grow, they may require greater management and financial resources. International operations require the integration of personnel with varying cultural and business backgrounds and an understanding of the relevant differences in the cultural, legal and regulatory environments. Our results may be increasingly affected by the risks of our international activities, including:

•

    Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

    Changes in international staffing and employment issues; 

•

    Tariff and other trade barriers; 

•

    Greater difficulty in utilizing and enforcing our intellectual property rights;

•

    Failure to understand the local culture and market; 

•

    The burden of complying with foreign laws, including tax laws and financial accounting standards; and

•

    Political and economic instability and developments. 

Our business may be harmed if the operation of veterinary hospitals at our stores is

limited or fails to continue.

We and Banfield, the third-party operator of Banfield, The Pet Hospital, and our other third-party operators are subject to statutes and regulations in various states and Canadian provinces regulating the ownership of veterinary practices, or the operation of veterinary hospitals in retail stores, that may impact our ability to host and Banfield's ability to operate veterinary hospitals within our facilities. A determination that we, or Banfield, are in violation of any of these applicable statutes and regulations could require us, or Banfield, to restructure our operations to comply, or render us, or Banfield, unable to operate veterinary hospitals in a given location. If Banfield were to experience financial or other operating difficulties that would force it to limit its operations, or if Banfield were to cease operating the veterinary hospitals in our stores, our business may be harmed. We can make no assurances that we could contract with another third-party to operate the veterinary hospitals on favorable terms, if at all, or that we could 

11

Table of Contents

successfully operate the veterinary hospitals ourselves.

In addition, due to our equity investment in Banfield, any significant decrease in Banfield's financial results may negatively impact our financial position. 

We face various risks as an e-commerce retailer.

We may require additional capital in the future to sustain or grow our e-commerce business. We have engaged a third-party to maintain our e-commerce website and process all customer orders placed through that site. Business risks related to our e-commerce business include our ability to keep pace with rapid technological change; failure in our, or any third-party processor's, security procedures and operational controls; failure or inadequacy in our, or any third-party processor's, systems or ability to process customer orders; government regulation and legal uncertainties with respect to e-commerce; and collection of sales or other taxes by one or more states or foreign jurisdictions. If any of these risks materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our business could be harmed if we were unable to effectively manage our cash flow

and raise any needed additional capital on acceptable terms.

We expect to fund our currently planned operations with existing capital resources, including cash flows from operations and the borrowing capacity under our credit facility. If, however, we are unable to effectively manage our cash flows or generate and maintain positive operating cash flows and operating income in the future, we may need additional funding. We may also choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. Our credit facility and letter of credit facility are secured by substantially all our personal property assets, our subsidiaries and certain real property. This could limit our ability to obtain, or obtain on favorable terms, additional financing and may make additional debt financing outside our credit facility and letter of credit facility more costly. If additional capital were needed, an inability to raise capital on favorable terms could harm our business and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities convertible into equity, the issuance of these securities could result in dilution or accretion to our stockholders.

Volatility and disruption to the global capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to access credit and the financial soundness of our suppliers.

Financial turmoil in the banking system and financial markets or the consolidation or insolvency of financial institutions could result in a tightening of the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and volatility in credit, currency and equity markets. In such an environment, there is a risk that lenders, even those with strong balance sheets and sound lending practices, could fail or refuse to honor their legal commitments and obligations under existing credit commitments, including but not limited to: extending credit up to the maximum permitted by a credit facility, allowing access to additional credit features and otherwise accessing capital and/or honoring loan commitments. If our lender fails to honor its legal commitments under our credit facility, it could be difficult to replace our credit facility on similar terms. And if our suppliers or key third party vendors of necessary services and technical systems encounter similar difficulties with credit or liquidity in their own businesses, our business may also be adversely affected.

Failure to successfully integrate any business we acquire could have an adverse

impact on our financial results.

We may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business. Acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully integrate operations that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet or exceed our expectations and, therefore, affect our financial performance.

Failure to protect our intellectual property could

have a negative impact on our operating results.

Our trademarks, servicemarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property are valuable assets that are critical to our success. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our revenue or operating results. Protecting our intellectual property outside the United States could be time-consuming and costly, and the local laws and regulations outside the United States may not fully protect our rights in such intellectual property. Any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim could have an adverse effect on our operating results.

12

Table of Contents

A determination that we are in violation of any contractual obligations or government

regulations could result in a disruption to our operations and could impact our financial results.

We are subject to various contractual obligations with third-party providers and federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations governing, among other things: our relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, terms and conditions of employment, working conditions and citizenship requirements; veterinary practices, or the operation of veterinary hospitals in retail stores, that may impact our ability to operate veterinary hospitals in certain facilities; the transportation, handling and sale of small pets; the generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and biohazardous materials; the distribution, import/export and sale of products; providing services to our customers; contracted services with various third-party providers; environmental regulation; credit and debit card processing; the handling, security, protection and use of customer and associate information; and the licensing and certification of services.

We seek to structure our operations to comply with all applicable federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations of each jurisdiction in which we operate. Given varying and uncertain interpretations of these laws and regulations and the fact that the laws and regulations are enforced by the courts and by regulatory authorities with broad discretion, we can make no assurances that we would be found to be in compliance in all jurisdictions. We also could be subject to costs, including fines, penalties or sanctions and third-party claims as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, the above referenced contracts, laws and regulations.

Failure of our internal controls over financial reporting could harm our business and

financial results.

We have documented and tested our internal controls over financial reporting to assess their design and operating effectiveness. Internal controls over financial reporting have inherent limitations and are not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. We may encounter problems or delays in completing the review and evaluation, or implementing improvements. Additionally, we may identify deficiencies that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting, or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Should we, or our independent registered public accounting firm, determine in future periods that we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, our results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline.

Changes in laws, accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and

judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly

affect our financial results.

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or “GAAP,” and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters relevant to our business are highly complex, continually evolving and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by us. Changes in these rules or their interpretation, or changes in facts, underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly impact our reported or expected financial performance.

An unfavorable determination by tax regulators may cause our provision for income and

other taxes to be inadequate and may result in a material impact to our financial

results.

We are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Outcomes from the tax audits or examinations that we may be subject to, or changes in the tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Failure to obtain commercial insurance at acceptable prices or

failure to adequately reserve for self-insured exposures might

have a negative impact on our business.

We procure insurance to help us manage a variety of risks. A failure of insurance to provide coverage for these risks may expose us to expensive defense costs and the costs of the ultimate outcome of the matter. Insurance costs continue to be volatile, affected by natural catastrophes, fear of terrorism, financial irregularities and fraud at other publicly traded companies and fiscal viability of insurers. We believe that commercial insurance coverage is prudent for risk management, and insurance costs may increase substantially in the future. In addition, for certain types or levels of risk, such as risks associated with earthquakes, hurricanes or terrorist attacks, we may determine that we cannot obtain commercial insurance at acceptable prices. Therefore, we may choose to forego or limit our purchase of relevant commercial insurance, choosing instead to self-insure one or more types or levels of risks. Provisions for losses related to self-insured risks are based upon independent actuarially determined estimates. We maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain risks. The assumptions underlying the ultimate costs of existing claim losses are subject to a high degree of unpredictability, which can affect the liability recorded for such claims. For example, variability in inflation rates of health care costs inherent in these claims can affect the amounts realized. Similarly, changes in legal trends and interpretations, as well as a change in the nature and method of how claims are settled can impact 

13

Table of Contents

ultimate costs. Although our estimates of liabilities incurred do not anticipate significant changes in historical trends for these variables, any changes could have a considerable effect upon future claim costs and currently recorded liabilities and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Pending legislation, weather, catastrophic events, disease, or other factors, could

disrupt our operations, supply chain and the supply of small pets and products we

sell, which could harm our reputation and decrease sales.

There is generally a significant amount of legislation pending at the federal, state, provincial and local levels regarding the handling of pets. This legislation may impair our ability to transport the small pets we sell in our stores. The small pets we sell in our stores are susceptible to health risks and diseases that can quickly decrease or destroy the supply of these pets. In addition, our supply of products may be negatively impacted by weather, catastrophic events, disease, supply chain malfunctions, contamination or trade barriers. Any disruption in our operations or the supply of products to our stores could harm our reputation and decrease our sales.

Fluctuations in the stock market, as well as general economic and market conditions,

may impact our operations, sales, financial results and market price of our common

stock.

Over the last several years, the market price of our common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations. The market price of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations in response to the impact on our operations, sales and financial results of a variety of factors including, but not limited to:

•

    General economic changes; 

•

    Actions taken by our competitors, including new product introductions and pricing changes;

•

    Changes in the strategy and capability of our competitors;

•

    Our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions; 

•

    The prospects of our industry; 

•

    Natural disasters, hostilities and acts of terrorism; and

•

    National or regional catastrophes or circumstances, such as a pandemic or other public health or welfare scare.

In addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. These fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, including but not limited to those listed above, may harm the market price of our common stock. Further, a change in an analyst's published opinion or rating of our business could impact the market price of our common stock.

We have implemented some anti-takeover provisions that may prevent or delay an

acquisition of us that may not be beneficial to our shareholders.

Our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws include provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change in management or control that our shareholders may not believe is in their best interests. These provisions include:

•

The ability of our Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series with rights, obligations and preferences determined by the Board of Directors;

•

    No right of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;

•

    No right of stockholders to act by written consent; 

•

    Certain advance notice procedures for nominating candidates for election to the Board of Directors; and

•

    No right to cumulative voting. 

In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation requires a 66 2/3% vote of stockholders to:

•

    alter or amend our bylaws; 

•

    remove a director without cause; or 

•

    alter, amend or repeal certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation.

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and the application of Section 203 could delay or prevent an acquisition of PetSmart.

14

Table of Contents