for coronary heart disease. In addition, 
the FDA expanded the 
Lipitor 

label to include

data on the reduction in the incidence of stroke 
in patients with multiple risk factors.

Norvasc 

is the world’s most-prescribed 
branded medicine for treating hypertension.

2

Norvasc 

experienced patent expirations in 
many European Union (E.U.) countries. 
Norvasc 

maintains exclusivity in many major 
markets globally, including the U.S., Japan, 
Canada and Australia.

Caduet, 

launched
in the U.S. in 2004, is a 
single pill combining 
Lipitor 

and

Norvasc 

for 
prevention
of cardiovascular events. 
Caduet

has
been approved in several European countries for the prevention of cardiovascular
events. 

Accupril/Accuretic 

is
an angiotensin 
converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor
for the 
treatment of hypertension and
congestive heart 
failure. 
Accupril 

began
to face generic 
competition in the latter part
of 2004. 
Subsequently, we launched our own generic 
version
of 
Accupril 

in
the U.S. through our 
Greenstone Ltd. (“Greenstone”) generic 
pharmaceutical
subsidiary.

Cardura 

is for the treatment of hypertension 
and benign prostatic hyperplasia (enlarged 
prostate gland). Currently,
there are multiple 
generic versions of 
Cardura 

on the U.S. 
market. We expect to launch 
Cardura XL

, an 
extended release version which has been 
approved by the FDA, in May 2006.

Inspra, 

launched in the U.S. in 2004
, 

is for 
the treatment of hypertension
and congestive 
heart failure in patients who have had a heart 
attack. It also was launched in several E.U. 
member countries in 2004 for the treatment
of 
congestive heart failure.

Revatio 

was approved in the U.S. in June 2005 
and in the E.U. in November 2005 for the 
treatment of pulmonary
arterial hypertension, 
a rare, life-shortening vascular condition.

Central Nervous System Disorders

Zoloft 

is the
most-prescribed antidepressant in 
the U.S. It
is indicated for the treatment of 
major depressive
 disorder, panic disorder, 
obsessive-compulsive
 disorder in adults and 
children, post-traumatic
 stress disorder 
(PTSD), premenstrual dysphoric
 disorder 
(PMDD) and social anxiety disorder
 (SAD). 
Zoloft 

is
 approved for acute and long-term use 
in all
 of these indications, with the exception 
of
 PMDD, and is the only approved agent for 
the
 long-term treatment of PTSD and SAD, an important differentiating feature as these 
disorders tend to be chronic. For information 
concerning a labeling change implemented in 
the U.S. in February 2005, see the discussion 
under the headings 
Human Health-Selected

Product Descriptions, Zoloft

in the Financial 
Review section of our 2005 Financial Report, 
which discussion is incorporated by reference.

Neurontin, 

for
use in adjunctive therapy for 
epilepsy, is also
approved in many countries 
for the treatment
of a range of neuropathic 
pain conditions. 
Neurontin 

has
also been 
approved for the management of
post-herpetic 
neuralgia, a painful condition
that affects 
many people in the aftermath of
the viral 
infection commonly known as shingles. 
Neurontin 

began
to face generic competition 
in the U.S. in the
latter half of 2004. 
Subsequently, we launched
our own generic 
version
of 
Neurontin 

in
the U.S. through our 
Greenstone subsidiary.

Geodon

, marketed in certain countries as 
Zeldox, 

is a treatment for the symptoms of 
schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, including 
manic and mixed episodes. Available in both 
an oral capsule and rapid-acting intramuscular 
formulation, 
Geodon 

is now the second- 
fastest-growing atypical anti-psychotic 
medication in the
U.S.

Aricept

, discovered and developed by Eisai 
Co., Ltd., is the world’s leading medicine to 
treat symptoms of
Alzheimer’s disease. We co- 
promote 
Aricept 

with Eisai in the U.S. and 
several other countries and have
an exclusive 
license to sell this medicine in certain other 
countries.

Xanax 

is for
the treatment of generalized 
anxiety disorder
and panic disorder. 
Xanax

XR

, an extended-release formulation
of the 
drug, is a rapid-acting, once-a-day medication 
approved
for treating panic disorder. The 
Xanax XR 

patent
has expired in the U.S. and 
we anticipate generic
competition in 2006. 
Pfizer’s Greenstone
subsidiary will also launch 
a generic version.

Relpax 

is an oral treatment for acute migraine 
headaches. It has been launched in the U.S., 
Canada, Japan and
throughout Europe.

3

Rebif, 

discovered and developed by Serono 
S.A., is used for the treatment of relapsing 
forms of multiple sclerosis.
We co-promote 
Rebif 

with Serono in the U.S.

Lyrica 

was approved by the FDA in June 2005 
for adjunctive therapy for adults with partial 
onset seizures. This
latest indication builds on 
the December 2004 FDA approval of 
Lyrica

for two of the most common forms of 
neuropathic pain — diabetic peripheral 
neuropathy, a chronic neurologic condition 
affecting nearly three million Americans, and 
post-herpetic neuralgia. 
Lyrica 

was launched 
in the U.S., Canada and Italy in September 
2005 and
is now approved in more than 50 
countries and is currently available in more 
than 30 markets.

Arthritis and Pain

Celebrex 

is
for the treatment of osteoarthritis, 
adult rheumatoid
arthritis, acute pain, 
menstrual pain and familial
 adenomatous 
polyposis. It also was approved
 by the FDA in 
July 2005 for the treatment of
 ankylosing 
spondylitis, a form of spinal arthritis.

Celebrex

has
the broadest range of approved indications 
of
any selective COX-2 inhibitor. See the 
discussion
 of labeling changes relating to 
Celebrex 

and
 the suspension of 
Bextra,

another
 arthritis medicine, under the headings 
Human
 Health-Selected Product Descriptions,

Celebrex
 and Bextra, 

in the Financial Review 
section
 of our 2005 Financial Report, which is 
incorporated
 by reference.

Infectious and Respiratory Diseases

Zithromax 

is for the treatment of bacterial 
infections. 
Zithromax 

is licensed
to us 
exclusively by Pliva, a Croatian 
pharmaceutical company. 
Zithromax 

lost basic 
patent protection in the U.S. in November 
2005. During the fourth quarter of 2005, four 
generic versions of the oral solid dosage form 
of
azithromycin were launched, including one 
authorized generic by Pfizer’s Greenstone 
subsidiary.

Zmax

, 

a single-dose, sustained-release form of 
azithromycin, was made available to patients 
in the U.S. beginning in August 2005. 
Zmax

, 
which is a novel and patent-protected formulation, delivers a complete course of 
therapy in a single dose and helps minimize 
non-compliance compared to multi-dose 
regimes.

Diflucan 

is a systemic antifungal. It is used to 
treat various fungal infections, including 
vaginal infections and
certain infections that 
afflict HIV/AIDS and cancer patients with 
weakened immune systems. 
Diflucan 

lost 
patent protection in Japan and much of Europe 
in 2003, and lost marketing exclusivity in the 
U.S. in 2004. Subsequently, we launched
our 
own generic version of 
Diflucan 

in the U.S. 
through our Greenstone subsidiary.

Vfend 

is a treatment that can be administered 
orally or intravenously for certain serious and 
potentially fatal
fungal infections, for the 
treatment of esophageal candidiasis and for 
the treatment of certain blood stream 
infections in non-neutropenic patients
(those 
without low white blood cell counts). It is also 
available in an oral-suspension formulation 
suitable for patients unable to swallow the

tablet form.

Zyvox 

is for the treatment of bacterial 
infections, which increasingly are caused by 
drug-resistant bacteria, and the
treatment of 
diabetic foot infections. 
Zyvox 

is available in 
intravenous, tablet and oral-suspension

formulations.

Spiriva 

is
for the treatment of chronic 
obstructive pulmonary
disease (COPD), a 
chronic respiratory disorder
that includes 
bronchitis and emphysema. We
co-promote 
Spiriva 

with
Boehringer Ingelheim, which 
discovered and
developed the medicine. 
Spiriva HandiHaler 

is
an inhaled treatment for 
the long-term, once-daily
maintenance 
treatment of bronchospasm
associated with 
COPD.

Exubera 

(inhaled
human insulin) was 
approved by the FDA and the
European 
Commission in January 2006 for the
 treatment 
of adults with type 1 and type 2
 diabetes. 
Exubera 

is
 a product of a collaboration 
between Pfizer
 and Nektar Therapeutics. We 
expect to launch 
Exubera 

in the U.S.
 and 
selected E.U. markets by mid-year. See
 the 
discussion of our pending acquisition of

4

 worldwide rights related to 
Exubera 

under the heading 
Acquisitions and Dispositions—Other Acquisitions

in the Financial Review Section of our 2005 Financial Report, which is incorporated by reference.

Urology

Viagra 

is the
leading treatment for erectile 
dysfunction (ED),
and one of the world’s most 
recognized
 pharmaceutical brands. For further 
information
 on 
Viagra 

and
 the overall ED 
market, see the discussion under
 the headings 
Human Health-Selected Product
 Descriptions

, 
Viagra 

in
 the Financial Review section of our 
2005 Financial Report, which is incorporated 
by
 reference.

Detrol 

is the world’s leading product for the 
treatment of overactive bladder. 
Detrol LA 

is 
an extended-release formulation of this 
medicine, taken once a day.

Oncology

Camptosar

, which is marketed under the name 
Campto 

in many countries outside the U.S., is 
one of the leading treatments for colorectal 
cancer. In addition to our U.S. rights, in 
October 2004, we acquired marketing rights to 
Campto/Camptosar 

in Europe and Asia (except 
Japan).

Ellence 

and 
Aromasin 

are for the treatment of 
breast cancer. In 2005,

Aromasin 

was approved 
in the U.S. and E.U. to treat early breast cancer 
in post-menopausal women.

Sutent

, a new targeted anti-cancer treatment 
for patients with gastrointestinal stromal 
tumors, a rare stomach
cancer, and advanced 
kidney cancer, was approved by the FDA for 
both indications in January 2006. Applications 
for these indications have also been
filed in 
Canada and the E.U. 
Sutent 

was available to 
patients in the U.S. within seven days of its

approval.

Ophthalmology

Xalatan/Xalacom 

is the most-prescribed 
branded glaucoma medicine in the world. It is 
used to treat open-angle
glaucoma and ocular 
hypertension. Xalacom, which consists of 
Xalatan in combination with a beta blocker, is

available primarily in European markets.

Macugen 

is
a treatment for neovascular (wet) 
age-related
macular degeneration (AMD). 
Macugen

,
which is jointly marketed by Pfizer 
and OSI
Pharmaceuticals in the U.S., has 
become the
most frequently used treatment 
regimen for
wet AMD in the U.S. and received 
marketing authorization
in the E.U. in January 
2006. It was launched
in the U.S. in January 
2005 and in Canada in
September 2005.

Endocrine Disorders

Genotropin 

is the world’s leading human 
recombinant growth hormone. It is used for 
the treatment of various
growth disorders in 
children and adults. Novo Nordisk has granted 
us a non-exclusive license to sell 
Genotropin

in the U.S.

Other

Zyrtec 

is for
the treatment of year-round 
indoor and seasonal
outdoor allergies and 
hives in adults and children.

Zyrtec 

is
the 
most-prescribed antihistamine in the U.S. 
Zyrtec-D
12 Hour 

treats both year-round 
indoor
and outdoor allergies as well as nasal 
congestion. 
Zyrtec 

is licensed to
us by the 
Belgian company UCB S.A. We co-promote 
Zyrtec 

as
a prescription medicine in the U.S. 
with a
subsidiary of UCB S.A. and we have a 
license
to sell 
Zyrtec 

under
 various trade 
names as an OTC medicine in Canada, 
Europe,
 Mexico and Australia.

Consumer Healthcare Segment

     Our Consumer Healthcare business is one of the largest in the world. We market many of the world’s best-known OTC, or self-medications, for oral care, upper respiratory health, tobacco
dependence, gastrointestinal health, skin care, eye care and hair growth.

     In 2005, Consumer Healthcare revenues increased 10%, to $3.9 billion, due to the strong performance of Listerine mouthwash, which has benefited from recent product extensions and broader
sales of the product outside the U.S.; growth from upper-respiratory products, 
Zantac 

and tobacco dependence products; inclusion of

5

Purell sales, following the acquisition of the Purell brand in November 2004; and the favorable impact of foreign exchange. Revenues from this segment contributed 7.6% of our total revenues in 2005, 6.7% of our total
revenues in 2004 and 6.6% of our total revenues in 2003.

     Consumer Healthcare’s principal products include:

Listerine 

mouthwash

Listerine PocketPaks 

oral care strips

Nicorette 

for tobacco dependence

Benadryl 

antihistamine for allergies

Sudafed 

for sinus congestion

Rogaine 

for hair growth

Zantac 

for prevention and relief of heartburn

Rolaids 

antacid tablets

Neosporin 

antibiotic ointment

Visine 

eye drops

Lubriderm 

moisturizing lotions

Purell 

instant hand sanitizer

     Consumer Healthcare can extend the life of some of our prescription medications by converting them to OTC products, or “self-medications”. For example, 
Nicorette, Benadryl, Sudafed 

and 
Zantac 

were all previously prescription products. As market conditions permit, and when we
have necessary approval from drug regulatory authorities, we plan to pursue similar launches for other products.

     On February 7, 2006, we announced that we will be exploring strategic alternatives for our Consumer Healthcare business, including spinning off or selling the business. We expect to make a
decision in the third quarter of 2006.

Animal Health Segment

     Our Animal Health business is one of the largest in the world. We discover, develop and sell products for the prevention and treatment of diseases in livestock and companion animals. In 2005,
Animal Health revenues increased 13%, to $ 2.2 billion, due to strong performances by Excede (a long acting anti-infective) in the U.S., 
Draxxin (for treatment of respiratory disease in cattle and swine) in the U.S. and Europe, the launch of 
Spectramast in the
U.S., double digit growth in sales of 
Revolution (a parasiticide for dogs and cats) and 
Clavamox (an
antibiotic for dogs and cats) for companion animals, the launch of Simplicef (small animal anti-infective) in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2004, and the favorable impact of foreign exchange. Revenues from this segment contributed 4.3% of our revenue in 2005, 3.7% of our total revenues
in 2004 and 3.6% of total revenues in 2003.

     Among the products we market are parasiticides, anti-inflammatories, vaccines, antibiotics and related medicines, including the products discussed below.

     Parasiticides constitute the largest segment of the animal health market for companion animals, consisting mainly of medicines for the control of parasites such as fleas and heartworm. Our
product, 
Revolution

, is our largest-selling parasiticide for companion animals.

     Spectramast

, an antibiotic formulated to treat clinical mastitis, was launched in the U.S. in May 2005.

     Rimadyl 

relieves pain and inflammation associated with canine osteoarthritis and soft tissue orthopedic surgery. 
Rimadyl 

is the only arthritis pain medication prescribed by veterinarians available in chewable tablets, regular caplets and in an injectable formulation.

     Clavamox/Synulox 

is an antibiotic for skin and soft tissue infections in dogs and cats.

     Our vaccine portfolio for livestock is extensive and includes 
RespiSureOne/StellamuneOne, 

a single-dose vaccine used to
prevent pneumonia in swine, and 
Bovi-Shield Gold, 

a cattle vaccine for reproductive and respiratory protection.

     Dectomax 

injectable and pour-on formulations remove and control internal and external parasites in beef cattle.

     Naxcel/Excenel RTU 

is an antibiotic used to treat respiratory and internal infections in cattle and swine.

Research and Product Development

     Innovation by our research and development operations is very important to the Company’s success. Our goal is to discover, develop and bring to market innovative products that address
major unmet medical needs. This goal has been supported by our substantial research and development investments. We spent $7.4 billion in 2005, $7.7 billion in 2004 and $7.5 billion in 2003

6

on research and development in support of Pfizer’s human, animal and consumer healthcare businesses.

     We conduct research internally and also through contracts with third parties, through collaborations with universities and biotechnology companies and in cooperation with other pharmaceutical
firms. We also seek out innovative technologies developed by third parties to incorporate into our discovery or development processes or projects, as well as our product lines, through acquisition, licensing or other arrangements.

     Drug discovery and development is time consuming, expensive and unpredictable. On average, only one out of many thousands of chemical compounds discovered by researchers proves to be both
medically effective and safe enough to become an approved medicine. The process from early discovery to development to regulatory approval can take more than ten years. Drug candidates can fail at any stage of the process. Candidates may not receive
regulatory approval even after many years of research.

     We believe that our investments in research have been rewarded by the number of pharmaceutical compounds we have in all stages of development. We currently are working on 235 projects in
development, including 152 new molecular entities and 83 product-line extensions. In addition, we have more than 400 projects in discovery research. In recent years, our discovery scientists have delivered dozens of new chemical compounds to early
development. While these new candidates may or may not eventually receive regulatory approval, new drug candidates entering development are the foundation for future products.

     In addition to discovering
and developing new products, our research operations add value to our existing
products by improving their effectiveness and by discovering new uses for them.
In 2005, for example, we received approval for a new indication for our COX-2
inhibitor Celebrex for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, a form
of arthritis that affects the spine. We also received approval for the use of 
Lipitor to
reduce the risk of stroke and heart attack in people with type 2 diabetes and
multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease.

     Information concerning several of our drug candidates in development as well as supplemental filings for existing products is set forth under the heading 
Product Developments 

in our 2005 Financial Report. That information is incorporated by reference.

     Our competitors also devote substantial funds and resources to research and development. In addition, the consolidation that has occurred in our industry has created companies with substantial
research and development resources. We also compete against numerous small biotechnology companies in developing potential drug candidates. The extent to which our competitors are successful in their research could result in erosion of the sales of
our products and unanticipated product obsolescence.

International Operations

     We have significant operations outside the United States. They are managed through the same business segments as our U.S. operations - Human Health, Consumer Healthcare and Animal
Health.

     Revenues from operations outside the U.S. of $24.6 billion accounted for 48% of our total revenues in 2005. Revenues exceeded $500 million in each of 12 countries outside the U.S. in
2005. The U.S. was the only country to contribute more than 10% of our total revenues, comprising 52% of revenues in 2005, 56% of revenues in 2004 and 60% of revenues in 2003. Japan is our second-largest national market, with 7% of our revenues in
2005 and 6% in each of 2004 and 2003.

     For a geographic breakdown of revenues and changes in revenues, see the table captioned 
Geographic 

in Note 19 to our
consolidated financial statements, 
Segment, Geographic and Revenue Information, 

in our 2005 Financial Report and the table captioned 
Change
in Geographic Revenues 

in our 2005 Financial Report. Those tables are incorporated by reference.

     Our international businesses are subject, in varying degrees, to a number of risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. These include currency fluctuations, capital and exchange
control regulations, expropriation and other restrictive government actions. Our international businesses are also subject to government-imposed constraints, including laws on pricing or reimbursement for use of products.

7

See 
Government Regulation and Price Constraints 

below for discussion of these matters.

     Depending on the direction of change relative to the U.S. dollar, foreign currency values can increase or decrease the reported dollar value of our net assets and results of operations. In
2005, revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange, as foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar increased our reported revenues in many countries. While we cannot predict with certainty future changes in foreign exchange rates
or the effect they will have on us, we attempt to mitigate their impact through operational means and by using various financial instruments. See the discussion under Note 9-D to our consolidated financial statements, 
Financial Instruments: Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 

in our 2005 Financial Report. That discussion is incorporated by reference. Related information about valuation and
risks associated with such financial instruments in parts E and F of that same Note is also incorporated by reference.

Marketing

     In our global Human Health business, we promote our products to healthcare providers and patients. Through our marketing organizations, we explain the approved uses, benefits and risks of our
products to healthcare providers, such as doctors, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, pharmacists, hospitals, Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs), Managed Care Organizations (MCOs) and government agencies. We also market directly to consumers
in the U.S., through direct-to-consumer print and television advertising that communicates the approved uses, benefits, and risks of our products while continuing to motivate people to have meaningful conversations with their doctors. In addition,
we sponsor general advertising to educate the public on disease awareness, important public health issues, and our patient assistance programs in all major markets.

     Our operations include several pharmaceutical sales organizations. Our structure aligns the sales, marketing, and medical functions to work closely in tandem along the same therapeutic groups
of products, reinforcing common coordination, focus, and accountability across the organizations.

     Our prescription pharmaceutical products are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly
to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. We seek
to gain access to health authority, PBM and MCO formularies (lists of recommended,
approved, and/or reimbursed medicines and other products) by demonstrating the
clinical and economic value of our products. We also work with MCOs and PBMs
and other appropriate healthcare providers to assist them with disease management,
patient education and other tools that help their medical treatment routines.
In 2005, for instance, we were awarded a Center for Medicare/Medicaid Studies
(“CMS”) contract to provide the Green Ribbon Health Initiative, a joint-partnership
with the MCO Humana designed to improve the health and quality of life for beneficiaries
with multiple chronic conditions in Central Florida.

     Our Consumer Healthcare business primarily uses its own representatives to directly promote its products, including marketing certain products directly to professionals using a professional
detail force. We also use print and television consumer advertising and offer sales incentives such as coupons. Our consumer healthcare products are sold through various channels.

     Our Animal Health business also uses its own sales organization to promote its products. Its advertising and promotion are generally targeted to health professionals, directly and through
veterinary journals. Animal health and nutrition products are sold through veterinarians, drug wholesalers, distributors and retail outlets as well as directly to users. Where appropriate, these products are also marketed through print and
television advertising.

     During 2005, sales to our three largest customers were as follows:

McKesson, Inc. — 18% of our total revenues;

Cardinal Health, Inc. — 13% of our total 
revenues; and

AmerisourceBergen Corporation — 10% of 
our total revenues.

     Sales to these wholesalers were concentrated in the Human Health segment. Apart from these instances, none of our business segments is dependent on any one customer or group of related
customers.

8

Patents and Intellectual Property Rights

     Our products are sold around the world under brand-name, logo and certain product design trademarks that we consider in the aggregate to be of material importance. Trademark protection
continues in some countries for as long as the mark is used and, in other countries, for as long as it is registered. Registrations generally are for fixed, but renewable, terms.

     We own or license a number of U.S. and foreign patents. These patents cover pharmaceutical and other products and their uses, pharmaceutical formulations, product manufacturing processes and
intermediate chemical compounds used in manufacturing.

     Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is
obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the country.

     In the aggregate, our patent and related rights are of material importance to our businesses in the U.S. and most other countries. Based on current product sales, and considering the vigorous
competition with products sold by others, the patent rights we consider significant in relation to our business as a whole, together with the year in which the U.S. basic product patent expires (including, where applicable, the additional six-month
pediatric exclusivity period), are those for the drugs set forth in the table below. The table also includes patent expiration information relating to certain recently approved drugs.

U.S. Basic Product Patent

Drug

Expiration Year

Zoloft

2006 

Norvasc

2007 

Zyrtec

2007 

Camptosar

2008 

Aricept

2010 

Lipitor

2010 

Xalatan

2011 

Viagra

2012 

Detrol

2012 

Celebrex

2013 

Lyrica

2013 

Sutent

2021 

     In some instances, there are later-expiring patents relating to our products directed to particular forms or compositions of the drug or to methods of manufacturing or using the drug in the
treatment of particular diseases or conditions. However, in some cases, such patents may not protect the Company’s drug from generic competition after the expiration of the basic patent.

     The U.S. basic product patent for 
Zithromax 

expired in November 2005.

     Zyrtec 

is patented by the Belgian company UCB S.A. and is licensed to us for sales in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico and Australia. We co-promote

Zyrtec 

as a prescription medicine in the U.S. with a subsidiary of UCB S.A. and have a license to sell 
Zyrtec 

under various trade names as an OTC medicine in the other markets.

     Aricept 

is patented by Eisai Co., Ltd. We co-promote 
Aricept 

with Eisai in the
U.S. and several other countries and have an exclusive license to sell the drug in certain other countries.

     In addition to our U.S. basic product patent for 
Lipitor

, which (including the pediatric exclusivity period) expires in
March 2010, we have a patent covering specifically the enantiomeric form of the drug, which (including the pediatric exclusivity period) expires in June 2011.

     We market 
Genotropin 

in the U.S. under a non-exclusive license from Novo-Nordisk.

     Companies have filed applications with the FDA seeking approval of products that we believe infringe our patents covering, among other products, 
Lipitor,
Norvasc

, 
Celebrex 

and 
Detrol.

     We also have other patent rights covering additional products that have lesser revenues.

     The expiration of a basic product patent or loss of patent protection resulting from a legal challenge normally results in significant competition from generic products against the originally
patented product and can result in a significant reduction in sales of that product in a very short period. In some cases, however, we can continue to obtain commercial benefits from product manufacturing trade secrets; patents on uses for products;
patents on processes and intermediates for the economical manufacture of the active ingredients; patents for special formulations of the product or delivery mechanisms; and conversion of the active ingredient to OTC products.

9

     One of the main limitations on our operations in some countries outside the U.S. is the lack of effective intellectual property protection for our products. Under international agreements in
recent years, global protection of intellectual property rights is improving. The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade requires participant countries to amend their intellectual property laws to provide patent protection for pharmaceutical
products by the end of a ten-year transition period. A number of countries are doing this. We have experienced significant growth in our businesses in some of those nations, and our continued business expansion in those countries depends to a large
degree on further patent protection improvement.

Competition

     Our businesses are conducted in intensely competitive and often highly regulated markets. Many of our human pharmaceutical products face competition in the form of branded drugs or generic
drugs that treat similar diseases or indications. The principal forms of competition include efficacy, safety, ease of use, and cost effectiveness. Though the means of competition vary among product categories and business groups, demonstrating the
value of our products is a critical factor for success in all of our principal businesses.

     Our Human Health business is the largest in the world. Our competitors include other worldwide research-based drug companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus, and
generic drug manufacturers. We compete with other companies that manufacture and sell products that treat similar diseases or indications as our major products.

     Such competition affects our core product innovation business, focused on discovering and marketing products that satisfy unmet medical needs and providing therapeutic improvements. Our
emphasis on innovation is underscored by our multi-billion-dollar investment in research and development over the past decade, resulting in one of the strongest product pipelines in the industry. We also continue to enhance the organizational
effectiveness of our pharmaceutical sales and marketing functions, coordinating support for our salespeople’s efforts to launch and promote our products to our customers.

     Operating conditions have become more challenging under the mounting global pressures of competition, industry regulation and cost containment. We are taking important measures to address this
business environment. We continue to evaluate, adapt, and improve our business practices to better meet customer and public needs. For instance, we have taken an industry-leading role in evolving our approaches to direct-to-consumer advertising and
medical education grants. We have also restructured our U.S. sales organization to streamline customer interactions with our field force, ensuring that each doctor will interface with no more than two sales representatives per therapeutic area.
Finally, we continue to sponsor programs to address patient affordability and access barriers, as we strive to advance fundamental health system change through campaigns for better healthcare solutions.

     Our Consumer Healthcare business is one of the largest in the world. However, many other companies, large and small, manufacture and sell one or more products that are similar to our consumer
healthcare products, including major retail customers that sell “private label” or “house” brands. Sources of competitive advantage include product quality and efficacy, including differentiated claims, brand identity,
advertising and promotion, product innovation, broad distribution capabilities and price. Significant expenditures for advertising, promotion and marketing are generally required to achieve and maintain both consumer and trade acceptance of consumer
healthcare products.

     While our Animal Health business is one of the largest in the world, many other companies offer competitive products. Altogether, there are hundreds of producers of animal health products
throughout the world. The principal methods of competition vary somewhat depending on the particular product. They include product innovation, quality, price, service and effective promotion to veterinary professionals and consumers.

Managed Care Organizations

     The growth of MCOs in the U.S. has been a major factor in the competitive make-up of the healthcare marketplace. Approximately 180 million people in the U.S. now participate in some version of
managed care. Because of the size of

10

the patient population covered by MCOs, marketing of prescription drugs to them and the PBMs that serve many of those organizations has become important to our business.

     MCOs can include medical insurance companies, medical plan administrators, health-maintenance organizations, alliances of hospitals and physicians and other physician organizations. The
purchasing power of MCOs has been increasing in recent years due to their growing numbers of enrolled patients. At the same time, those organizations have been consolidating into fewer, even larger entities. This enhances their purchasing strength
and importance to us.

     The growth of MCOs has increased pressure on drug prices. A major objective of MCOs is to contain and, where possible, reduce healthcare expenditures. They typically use formularies, volume
purchases and long-term contracts to negotiate discounts from pharmaceutical providers. They use their purchasing power to bargain for lower supplier prices. They also emphasize primary and preventive care, out-patient treatment and procedures
performed at doctors’ offices and clinics. Hospitalization and surgery, typically the most expensive forms of treatment, are carefully managed. Since the use of certain drugs can prevent the need for hospitalization, professional therapy or
even surgery, such drugs can become favored first-line treatments for certain diseases.

     As discussed above in 
Marketing

, MCOs and PBMs typically develop formularies to reduce their cost for medications.
Formularies can be based on the prices and therapeutic benefits of the available products. Due to their generally lower cost, generic medicines are often favored. The breadth of the products covered by formularies can vary considerably from one MCO
to another and many formularies include alternative and competitive products for treatment of particular medical problems. MCOs use a variety of means to encourage patients’ use of products listed on their formularies.

     Exclusion of a product from a formulary or other restrictions, such as requiring prior authorizations, can lead to its sharply reduced usage in the MCO patient population. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete aggressively to have their products included. 
Where possible, companies compete for inclusion based upon unique features of their products, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease of use or fewer side effects. A lower overall cost of therapy is also an important
factor. Products that demonstrate fewer therapeutic advantages must compete for inclusion based primarily on price. We have been generally, although not universally, successful in having our major products included on most MCO
formularies.

     The impact of MCOs on drug prices and volumes may increase as the result of their role in negotiating on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries in connection with the new Medicare out-patient
Prescription Drug Benefit, Medicare Part D, effective January 1, 2006. MCOs and PBMs negotiate on behalf of the federal government as Prescription Drug Plans or PDPs. We have been generally, although not universally, successful in having our major
products that are used by the senior population included on the formularies of the new Medicare PDPs.

     Another way we demonstrate the value of pharmaceuticals in the context of an appropriate approach to the management of healthcare is by developing disease management programs. These programs
can improve patient care by improving patient communications and compliance with dosage directions. They can also help show that a comprehensive approach to healthcare management, which includes prevention, diagnosis and treatment of certain
conditions, and appropriate use of pharmaceuticals, can improve the quality of care and lower costly complications of chronic diseases. As noted above in 
Marketing

, in 2005 we
were awarded a CMS contract to provide the Green Ribbon Health Initiative, a joint-partnership with the MCO Humana, designed to improve the health and quality of life for beneficiaries with multiple chronic conditions in Central Florida.
Additionally, we sponsor a program offered by the State of Florida Agency for Health Care Administration to help manage chronic diseases among Florida’s Medicaid population.

Generic Products

     One of the biggest competitive challenges that we face in the U.S., which is also growing internationally, is from generic pharmaceutical manufacturers. Upon the expiration or loss of

11

patent protection for a product, we can lose the major portion of sales of that product in a very short period. Several such competitors make a regular practice of challenging our product patents before their expiry.
Generic competitors operate without our large research and development expenses and our costs of conveying medical information about the product to the medical community. In addition, the FDA approval process exempts generics from costly and
time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product. Generic products, however, need only demonstrate a level of availability in the
bloodstream equivalent to that of the innovator product. This means that generic competitors can market a competing version of our product after the expiration or loss of our patent and charge much less.

     In addition, our patent-protected products can face competition in the form of generic versions of branded products of competitors that lose their market exclusivity. For example,

Lipitor 

will begin to face competition from generic pravastatin (Pravachol) and generic simvastatin (Zocor) during 2006.

     As noted above, MCOs that focus primarily on the immediate cost of drugs often favor generics over brand-name drugs. Many governments also encourage the use of generics as alternatives to
brand-name drugs in their healthcare programs, including Medicaid in the U.S. Laws in the U.S. generally allow, and in some cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs that have been rated under government procedures to be therapeutically
equivalent to brand-name drugs. The substitution must be made unless the prescribing physician expressly forbids it. In the U.S., Pfizer’s Greenstone subsidiary sells generic versions of Pfizer’s pharmaceutical products upon loss of
exclusivity, as appropriate.

Raw Materials

     Raw materials essential to our businesses are purchased worldwide in the ordinary course of business from numerous suppliers. In general, these materials are available from multiple sources. No
serious shortages or delays were encountered in 2005, and none are expected in 2006.

Government Regulation and Price Constraints

In the United States

     General.

Pharmaceutical companies are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local agencies in the countries in which they do business.
Of particular importance is the FDA in the U.S. It has jurisdiction over our human pharmaceutical business and administers requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, advertising and post-marketing
surveillance of our pharmaceutical products. The FDA also regulates most of our consumer healthcare products and, along with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, our animal health products.

     In addition, many of our activities are subject to the jurisdiction of various other federal regulatory and enforcement departments and agencies, such as the Department of Health and Human
Services, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice. Individual states, acting through their attorneys general, have become active as well, seeking to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and
false advertising laws.

     We are subject to possible administrative and legal proceedings and actions by these various regulatory bodies (see Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements, 
Legal Proceedings and Contingencies, 

in our 2005 Financial Report). Such actions may include product recalls, seizures and other civil and criminal sanctions.

     The FDA is considering changes to its approach to “follow-on biological” products (which are the biological product equivalent to generic pharmaceutical products). Changes that would
facilitate the approval of such products could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business.

     Medicare

. In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the 2003 Medicare Act) was enacted. Medicare
beneficiaries are now eligible to obtain subsidized prescription drug coverage from a private sector provider. It remains difficult to predict the impact of the 2003

12

Medicare Act on pharmaceutical companies. Usage of pharmaceuticals may increase as the result of the expanded access to medicines afforded by the partial reimbursement under Medicare. Such potential sales increases,
however, may be offset by increased pricing pressures due to the enhanced purchasing power of the private sector providers that negotiate on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries. Effective January 1, 2007, reimbursement under Medicare for ED medicines,
including 
Viagra

, will end.

     Pfizer is committed to helping those without coverage gain access to Pfizer products. To that end, in 2004, we implemented our Helpful Answers program, an umbrella program that includes
existing Pfizer patient assistance programs, as well as Pfizer Pfriends, a new prescription discount card offering savings on Pfizer prescription medicines to all uninsured Americans, regardless of age or income. In January 2005, we also joined
Together Rx Access with nine other pharmaceutical companies to offer savings on over 275 medicines to Medicare-ineligible, uninsured individuals under 65 who fall below certain income thresholds. Pfizer also participates in another industry program,
the Partnership for Prescription Assistance, a single point of access to more than 475 public and private patient assistance programs.

     Importation of Drugs

. There is considerable political pressure to allow the importation into the U.S. of prescription drugs that are marketed outside the
U.S. and sold at prices that are regulated by the governments of various foreign countries. In addition to raising safety concerns, such importation could impact pharmaceutical prices in the U.S. While the 2003 Medicare Act maintains the current
prohibition on such imports, it would allow importation from Canada if the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies that such importation is safe and would result in savings to consumers. Before the 2003 Medicare Act, federal law would have
permitted importation of medicines into the U.S. from a considerably larger group of developed countries, provided the Secretary of Health and Human Services made the same safety and cost-savings certifications. On December 21, 2004, the Department
of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Department of Commerce issued their reports on drug importation and foreign price controls. The HHS report noted that it would
be “extraordinarily difficult to ensure that drugs personally imported by individual consumers” could meet the standards of safety that would support certifying as safe such importation. While the report
also concluded that the U.S. could establish a feasible basis for commercial drug importation, such a change in the law would require “new legal authorities, substantial additional resources and significant restrictions on the types of drugs
that could be imported.” The report also noted that the total savings to be expected from such a commercial importation regime would be relatively small — 1%
or 2% of total drug spending in the U.S. The Commerce Department report confirmed
that the lower prices in many countries result from governmental price controls,
and these price controls adversely affect the amount of funding that is available
for the discovery of new drugs.

     Medicaid and Related Matters

. Federal law requires us to give rebates to state Medicaid agencies based on each state’s reimbursement of
pharmaceutical products under the Medicaid program. In recent years, various proposals have been offered at the federal and state levels that would bring about major changes in the Medicaid program. A national commission is currently studying
changes to the Medicaid program. In the short term, driven by budget concerns, many states have implemented restrictive drug lists and state supplemental rebate programs under the Medicaid program. These programs require deeper rebate payments by
Pfizer in order to have our products listed on formularies in states with such rebate programs. More than 35 states have implemented some form of formulary restrictions in their Medicaid programs. Currently, Pfizer enjoys relatively good formulary
access in state Medicaid programs.

     Effective January 1, 2006, federal funds may not be used for reimbursement of erectile dysfunction medications by the Medicaid program. In addition, effective January 1, 2007, changes to
treatment of authorized generics for purposes of calculating Medicaid rebates will increase the amount of rebates we are required to pay on brand name drug sales after loss of exclusivity and on authorized generic sales to the Medicaid
program.

     If changes are implemented under the Medicaid program that further restrict the access of a significant number of patients to our products

13

and require significantly deeper rebate payments, our business could be adversely affected. The impact of any such changes on Pfizer would be mitigated by the shrinking size of the Medicaid market. Those people who are
eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare (often called “dual eligibles”) had been receiving their drug benefits under the Medicaid program. Beginning in 2006, their coverage is being transferred to the new Medicare Part D program. This will
reduce the number of enrollees in Medicaid drug programs by about 14% but reduce the amount of spending on pharmaceuticals under Medicaid by approximately 57%. While the Medicaid market is now smaller, changes at the state level could impact larger
federal and commercial accounts.

     In addition, some states are considering price-control regimes that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid eligible, as well as various approaches to
controlling pharmaceutical marketing. A sweeping price control ballot proposal was defeated in California during 2005.

     We also must give discounts or rebates on purchases or reimbursements of pharmaceutical products by certain other federal and state agencies and programs. See the discussion regarding rebates
in the Revenues section of our 2005 Financial Report and in Note 1-G to our consolidated financial statements, 
Significant Accounting Policies, Revenues, 

in our 2005 Financial
Report, which discussions are incorporated by reference.

Outside the United States

     We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries. In Europe and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low direct cost to
consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. This international patchwork of price regulation has led to different prices and some third-party trade in
our products from markets with lower prices. Such trade exploiting price differences between countries can undermine our sales in markets with higher prices.

     The approval of new drugs across the E.U. may only be achieved using the Mutual Recognition
Procedure/Decentralized Procedure or E.U. Commission/EMEA’s Central Approval
Process, which applies in the 25 E.U. member states (ten new member states joined
the E.U. in May 2004, which has extended the scope of these procedures), plus
Norway and Iceland which are full participants in these registration processes.
The use of these procedures provides a more rapid and consistent approval across
the member states than was the case when the approval processes were operating
independently within each country.

     Since the E.U. does not have jurisdiction over patient reimbursement or pricing matters in its member states, we continue to deal with individual countries on such matters across the
region.

     During 2004, a comprehensive package of reforms was adopted (called New Medicines Legislation) amending E.U. law on the regulation of medicinal products in many areas, including approval
procedures and safety reporting. Of particular note, the data exclusivity periods during which innovative companies’ regulatory data are protected are required to be harmonized in all member states and implementation is underway in most member
states, which will facilitate the approval and launch of generic medicines. In addition, these reforms introduced a clear legal basis for the approval of “biosimilar” or “follow-on biological” products in the E.U. Following a
positive scientific assessment announced in January 2006, we expect that the first such product, a biosimilar version of 
Genotropin, 

will be approved in the E.U. this year.
This new set of regulations, which took effect in November 2005, also shortens certain approval timelines and introduces fast-track and conditional centralized authorizations.

Environmental Law Compliance

     Most of our operations are affected by federal, state and/or local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, necessary expenditures for compliance with applicable laws.
We also are cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites (see Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements, 
Legal Proceedings and Contingencies, 

in our 2005 Financial Report). As a result, we incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2005 for environmental

14

compliance purposes and for the clean-up of certain past industrial activity as follows:

environment-related capital expenditures — 
$87 million

other environment-related expenses — $287 
million

     While we cannot predict with certainty future capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance, we do not believe they will have a material effect on our capital
expenditures or competitive position.

Tax Matters

     The discussion of tax-related matters in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements, 
Taxes on Income

, in our 2005
Financial Report, is incorporated by reference.

Employees

     In our innovation-intensive business, our employees are vital to our success. We believe we have good relationships with our employees. As of December 31, 2005, we employed approximately
106,000 people in our operations throughout the world.

 AND CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

     The statements in this Section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

     Our disclosure and analysis in this 2005 Form 10-K and in our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on
management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts
of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “target”, “forecast” and
similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or
financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future
actions, prospective products or product approvals, future performance or results
of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates,
foreign exchange rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings,
and financial results.

     We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to
risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those
anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.

     We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further
disclosures we make on related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports to the SEC. Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses. These are factors
that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You
should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Government Regulation and Managed Care Trends

     U.S. and foreign governmental regulations mandating price controls and limitations on patient access to our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by
changes in such regulations. In the U.S., many of

15

our pharmaceutical products are subject to increasing pricing pressures. Such pressures may increase as the result of the 2003 Medicare Act. In addition, MCOs as well as Medicaid and other government agencies continue to
seek price discounts. Government efforts to reduce Medicaid expenses may continue to increase the use of MCOs. This may result in managed care’s influencing prescription decisions for a larger segment of the population and a corresponding
constraint on prices for our products. In addition, some states have implemented and other states are considering price controls or patient-access constraints under the Medicaid program and some states are considering price-control regimes that
would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid eligible. Other matters also could be the subject of U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action that could adversely affect our business, including the
importation of prescription drugs that are marketed outside the U.S. and sold at prices that are regulated by the governments of various foreign countries

     The prohibition on the use of federal funds for reimbursement of ED medications by the Medicaid program, which became effective January 1, 2006, and the similar federal funding prohibition for
the Medicare program which is scheduled to take effect January 1, 2007, may adversely affect our business. Any prohibitions on the use of federal funds for reimbursement of other classes of drugs in the future may also have an adverse
effect.

     We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries. In Europe and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low direct cost to
consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. This international patchwork of price regulation has led to different prices and some third-party trade in
our products from markets with lower prices. Such trade exploiting price differences between countries can undermine our sales in markets with higher prices. As a result, it is expected that pressures on the pricing component of operating results
will continue.

Generic Competition

     Competition from manufacturers of generic drugs is a major challenge for us in the U.S. and is growing internationally. Upon the expiration or loss of patent protection for one of our products,
or upon the “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a generic manufacturer of a generic version of one of our products, we can lose the major portion of sales of that product in a
very short period, which can adversely affect our business. The U.S. basic patent for Zithromax expired in 2005, and the U.S. basic patent for 
Zoloft will expire in 2006 and for each of 
Norvasc and 
Zyrtec will expire in 2007. Also, the patents covering several of our most important medicines, including 
Lipitor, 
Norvasc, 
Celebrex and 
Detrol, are
being challenged by generic manufacturers. In addition, our patent-protected products can face competition in the form of generic versions of branded products of competitors that lose their market exclusivity. For example, 
Lipitor will begin to face competition from generic pravastatin (Pravachol) and generic simvastatin (Zocor) during 2006.

     Changes by the FDA to its approach to “follow-on biologics” could subject 
Genotropin 

to generic
competition.

Competitive Products

     We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products or their possible effect on our sales. Products that compete with our drugs, including some of
our best-selling medicines, are launched from time to time. Launches of a number of competitive products have occurred recently, and certain potentially competitive products are in various stages of development, some of which have been filed for
approval with the FDA and with regulatory authorities in other countries.

Dependence on Key In-Line and New Products

     We recorded product sales of more than $1 billion for each of eight pharmaceutical products in 2005: Lipitor, Norvasc, Zoloft, Celebrex, Zithromax/Zmax,
Viagra, Zyrtec, and 
Xalatan/
Xalacom. Those products accounted for 55% of our total 2005 revenues. 
Lipitor sales in

16

2005 exceeded $12 billion, accounting for 24% of our total 2005 revenues. If these or any of our other major products were to become subject to a problem such as loss of patent protection, changes in prescription growth
rates, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence or pressure from existing competitive products, or if a new, more effective treatment should be
introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. As noted, patents covering several of our best-selling medicines recently have expired or will expire this year or next year, and patents covering a number of our best-selling
medicines are the subject of pending legal challenges. In addition, our revenues could be significantly impacted by the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of key new products, including 
Lyrica, Exubera,
Sutent 

and the product candidate 
Champix

.

Uncertainty Relating to COX-2 Medicines

     Our goal is to make 
Celebrex 

available to increased numbers of patients. However, our ability to increase

Celebrex 

sales may be limited significantly by the uncertainty concerning COX-2 medicines related to the regulatory actions involving those medicines that were taken last
year.

Research and Development Investment

     The discovery and development of new products as well as the development of additional uses for existing products is very important to the success of the Company. However, balancing current
growth and investment for the future remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. This could
produce higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues.

Development, Regulatory Approval and Marketing of Products

     Risks and uncertainties particularly apply with respect to product-related, forward-looking statements. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of identifying new compounds and developing new products is inherently uncertain. There can be no assurance as to whether or when we will receive regulatory approval for new products or for new indications
or dosage forms for existing products. Decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters could adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. There also are many considerations that can affect
marketing of pharmaceutical products around the world. Regulatory delays, the inability to successfully complete clinical trials, claims and concerns about safety and efficacy, new discoveries, patent disputes and claims about adverse side effects
are a few of the factors that could adversely affect the realization of research and development and product-related, forward-looking statements.

Research Studies

     Decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a drug candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy once the drug receives approval. More detailed
studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they consume time and resources and can delay submitting the drug candidate for initial approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently, but there is no guarantee
that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made in each case. The quality of our decisions in this area could affect our future results.

Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk

     48% of our 2005 revenues were derived from international operations, including 18% from countries in the euro zone and 7% from Japan. These international-based revenues as well as our
substantial international assets expose our revenues and earnings to foreign currency exchange rate changes. In addition, our interest-bearing investments, loans and borrowings are subject to risk from changes in interest rates. These risks and the
measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the section entitled Financial Risk Management in our 2005 Financial Report. For additional details, see Note 9-D to our consolidated financial statements, Financial Instruments: Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities, in our 2005

17

Financial Report. Those sections of our 2005 Financial Report are incorporated by reference.

     Notwithstanding our efforts to foresee and mitigate the effects of changes in fiscal circumstances, we cannot predict with certainty changes in currency and interest rates, inflation or other
related factors affecting our businesses.

Risks Affecting International Operations

     Our international operations also could be affected by changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval,
production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products, as well as by unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes. Any of these changes could adversely affect our business.

Product Manufacturing and Marketing Risks

     Difficulties or delays in product manufacturing or marketing, including, but not limited to, the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand, or the failure to predict
market demand for, or to gain market acceptance of, approved products, could affect future results.

Cost and Expense Control/Unusual Events

     Growth in costs and expenses, changes in product, segment and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, product withdrawals and other unusual events that
could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. Such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, the impact of the possible sale or spin-off
of our Consumer Healthcare business and our ability to realize the projected benefits of our Adapting to Scale multi-year productivity initiative.

Changes in Laws and Accounting Standards

     Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements (including tax-rate changes, new tax laws and revised tax law interpretations), competition laws and environmental laws in the U.S. and other countries.

Terrorist Activity

     Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in business, political and economic conditions, including the cost and availability of insurance, due to the threat of future terrorist
activity in the U.S. and other parts of the world and related U.S. military action overseas.

Legal Proceedings

     We and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in various patent, product liability, consumer, commercial, securities, environmental and tax litigations and claims; government investigations;
and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. Although we believe we have substantial defenses in these matters, we could in
the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period.

     Patent claims include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. Although we believe we have substantial defenses to these challenges with
respect to all our material patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the drug at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of
that drug and could materially affect future results of operations.