.

     We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our
business outlook and objectives in this Form 10-K, the Annual Report to shareholders, quarterly
reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. All statements, except for
historical and present factual information, are “forward-looking statements” and are based on
financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may
become out of date or incomplete. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. Forward-looking statements are
inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our
expectations.

     The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors that may
adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.
This information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) and
the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this report.
The following discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight

6

Table of Contents

what we
believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. These
factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements
and from historical trends.

A material change in the demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business.

     We are a consumer products company and rely on continued global demand for our brands and
products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to consumers
and retail trade customers. This is dependent on a number of factors including our ability to
manage and maintain key customer relationships and our ability to develop effective sales,
advertising and marketing programs in an increasingly fragmented media environment. In addition,
our continued success is dependent on leading-edge innovation, with respect to both products and
operations. This means we must be able to obtain patents that lead to the development of products
that appeal to our consumers across the world.

The ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can respond to our local
and global competitors.

     Across all of our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local
competitors. As a result, there are ongoing competitive product and pricing pressures in the
environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. To address
these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including
pricing, promotional incentives and trade terms, as well as technological advances and patents
granted to competition.

Our ability to successfully integrate key acquisitions, primarily Gillette, could impact our
business results.

     Since our goals include a growth component tied to acquisitions, we must be able to
successfully manage and integrate key acquisitions, such as the acquisition of The Gillette
Company. Specifically, we must be able to integrate acquisitions without any significant
disruption to our ability to manage and execute business plans on our base businesses. In
addition, our financial results could be adversely impacted if we are not able to deliver the
expected cost and growth synergies associated with our acquisitions.

Our businesses face cost pressures which could affect our business results.

     Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw
materials, cost of labor, foreign exchange and interest rates. Our costs in 2006 were impacted by
higher commodity costs and this trend is likely to continue in 2007. Therefore, our success is
dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions,
cost savings projects (including outsourcing projects), sourcing decisions and certain hedging
transactions. In the manufacturing and general overhead areas, we need to maintain key
manufacturing and supply arrangements, including sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant
arrangements.

We face risks associated with significant international operations.

     We conduct business across the globe with a significant portion of our sales outside the
United States. Economic changes, terrorist activity and political unrest may result in business
interruption, inflation, deflation or decreased demand for our products. Our success will depend
in part on our ability to manage continued global political and/or economic uncertainty,

7

Table of Contents

especially
in our significant geographical markets, as well as any political or economic disruption due to
terrorist and other hostile activities.

Our business is subject to regulation in the U.S. and abroad.

     Changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations may alter the environment in
which we do business. This includes changes in environmental, competitive and product-related
laws, as well as changes in accounting standards and taxation requirements. Accordingly, our
ability to manage regulatory, tax and legal matters (including product liability, patent, and
intellectual property matters as well as those related to the integration of Gillette and its
subsidiaries) and to resolve pending matters within current estimates may impact our results.