Investing
in the securities of the Progress Registrants involves risks, including the
risks described below, that could affect the Progress Registrants and their
businesses, as well as the energy industry in general. Most of the business
information as well as the financial and operational data contained in our risk
factors are updated periodically in the reports the Progress Registrants file
with the SEC. Although the Progress Registrants have discussed current material
risks, please be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future.
New risks may emerge at any time and the Progress Registrants cannot predict
such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect their financial
performance. Before purchasing securities of the Progress Registrants, you
should carefully consider the following risks and the other information in this
combined Annual Report, as well as the documents the Progress Registrants file
with the SEC from time to time. Each of the risks described below could result
in a decrease in the value of the securities of the Progress Registrants and
your investment therein.

Solely
with respect to this Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” unless the context otherwise
requires or the disclosure otherwise indicates, references to “we,” “us” or
“our” are to each of the individual Progress Registrants and the matters
discussed are generally applicable to each Progress Registrant.

We are subject to fluid and complex
government regulations that may have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We are
subject to comprehensive regulation by multiple federal, state and local
regulatory agencies, which significantly influences our operating environment
and may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers. We are
subject to regulatory oversight with respect to, among other things, rates and
service for electric energy sold at retail, retail service territory, siting and
construction of facilities, and issuances of securities. In addition, the
Utilities are subject to federal regulation with respect to transmission and
sales of wholesale power, accounting and certain other matters. We are also
required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the agencies
that regulate our business. We believe the necessary permits, approvals and
certificates have been obtained for our existing operations and that our
business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. Laws and regulations
frequently change and the ultimate costs of compliance cannot be precisely
estimated. We cannot predict the impact that may result from changes in federal
administrative policy under the Obama administration.  Additionally, we are
subject to legislative changes at the state and federal level.  We may
become subject to new laws and regulations, including but not limited to, in the
areas of environmental compliance, renewable energy standards, and energy
policy. Such changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations
could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.

Our
financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generating
facilities by the Utilities and their ability to deliver electricity to
customers.

Operating
electric generating facilities and delivery systems involves many risks,
including:

 §  

 operator
 error and breakdown or failure of equipment or
 processes;

 §  

 operational
 limitations imposed by environmental or other regulatory
 requirements;

 §  

 inadequate
 or unreliable access to transmission and distribution
 assets;

 §  

 labor
 disputes;

 §  

 interruptions
 to the supply of fuel and other commodities used in
 generation;

 §  

 compliance
 with mandatory reliability standards, including any subsequent revisions,
 for the bulk power electric system;

 §  

 inability
 to recruit and retain skilled technical
workers;

 §  

 inadequate
 coal combustion product management (disposal or beneficial use)
 capabilities; and

 §  

 catastrophic
 events such as hurricanes, floods, extreme drought, earthquakes, fires,
 explosions, terrorist attacks, pandemic health events such as avian
 influenza or other similar
occurrences.

We depend
on transmission and distribution facilities, including those operated by
unaffiliated parties, to deliver the electricity that we sell to the retail and
wholesale markets. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate,
our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual obligations
may be hindered. Although the FERC has issued regulations designed to encourage
competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is

 25

the
potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be
available or that sufficient transmission 
capacity
will not be available to transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict
the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy
of transmission facilities in specific markets.

The
Utilities purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas, uranium and fuel oil, from
a number of suppliers. Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by
disruptions in the delivery of fuel due to various factors, including but not
limited to, transportation delays, labor relations, weather, environmental
regulations, and force
majeure events, which could limit the Utilities’ ability to operate their
facilities.

We are
subject to compliance with mandatory FERC-approved reliability standards.
Failure to comply with the reliability standards could result in the imposition
of fines and penalties. If we are unable to meet the reliability standards for
the bulk power electric system in the future, it could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

Due to
the prospects for construction of a number of new nuclear facilities across the
country and an aging skilled workforce, there is increased competition within
the energy sector for skilled technical workers for both the construction and
operation of nuclear facilities. Our ability to successfully operate our nuclear
facilities is dependent upon our continued ability to recruit and retain skilled
technical workers.

Our coal
plants produce coal combustion products. The majority of our plants are nearing
full capacity for on-site management of coal combustion products. As a result,
we are developing new coal combustion product management plans for our coal
plants, which will result in additional capital expenditures for construction of
on-site management facilities and/or increased O&M costs for off-site
management. The federal government has announced its intention to assess coal
ash combustion product management sites and will consider federal regulation.
Additionally, rulemakings at the state and federal levels have increased the
risks associated with surface wastewater discharges and groundwater impacts,
which could result in higher environmental compliance costs.

To
operate our emission control equipment, we use significant quantities of ammonia
and limestone. With mandated compliance deadlines for emission controls, demand
for these reagents may increase and result in supply shortages. Decreased
operational performance from the Utilities’ generating facilities and delivery
systems or increased costs of operating the facilities could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.

The
rates that PEC and PEF may charge retail customers for electric power are
subject to the authority of state regulators. Accordingly, our profit margins
could be adversely affected if we do not control and prudently manage costs to
the satisfaction of regulators.

The NCUC,
the SCPSC and the FPSC each exercise regulatory authority for review and
approval of the retail electric power rates charged within its respective state.
The Utilities’ state utility commissions allow recovery of certain costs,
including certain prudent compliance and new baseload generation construction
costs, through various cost-recovery clauses. A portion of these future costs
could potentially be deemed imprudent by the Utilities’ respective commissions.
There is also a delay between the timing of when such costs are incurred and
when the costs are recovered from the ratepayers. This lag can adversely impact
the cash flow of the Utilities and, consequently, our interest
expense.

With the
Utilities’ expected increased expenditures, including but not limited to,
environmental compliance, new generation and transmission facilities, compliance
with renewable energy standards, and higher commodity prices, we anticipate that
the Utilities’ operations will be subject to an even higher level of scrutiny
from regulators, policymakers and ratepayers. State regulators may not allow PEC
and PEF to increase future retail rates in the manner or to the extent requested
or may seek to reduce or freeze retail rates.

PEC’s
current base rates are subject to traditional cost-based rate regulation. PEF
currently operates under a base rate settlement agreement, in which base rates
can only be changed under certain circumstances. The costs incurred by PEC and
PEF are not generally subject to being fixed or reduced by state regulators. The
Utilities’ results of operations could be negatively impacted if the Utilities
do not manage their costs effectively. Our ability to maintain our profit
margins depends upon demand for electricity in our service territories and
management of our costs.

 26

Meeting the
anticipated demand in our 
service
territories may require, among other things, the construction within the next
decade of new gas and/or nuclear generation facilities and modernization of coal
generation facilities to increase our generation capability and the siting and
construction of associated transmission facilities. We may not be able to obtain
required licenses, permits and rights-of-way; successfully and timely complete
construction; or recover the cost of such new generation and transmission
facilities through our base rates or other recovery mechanisms, any of which
could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or results of
operations.

Meeting
the anticipated demand within the Utilities’ service territories will require a
balanced approach. The three main elements of this balanced solution are: (1)
expanding our energy-efficiency programs; (2) investing in the development of
alternative energy resources for the future; and (3) operating state-of-the-art
plants that produce energy cleanly and efficiently by modernizing existing
plants and pursuing options for building new plants and associated transmission
facilities.

The risks
of each of the elements of our balanced solution include, but are not limited
to, the following:

Energy-Efficiency and New
Energy Resources

We are
actively pursuing expansion of our DSM, energy-efficiency and conservation
programs as energy efficiency is one of the most effective ways to reduce energy
costs, offset the need for new power plants and protect the environment. Our
energy-efficiency programs provide ways for customers to reduce energy
use.

We are
subject to the risk that our customers may not participate in our conservation
programs or the forecasted results from these programs may be less than
anticipated. This could result in our having to utilize greater levels of
renewable energy resources to achieve mandated renewable energy standards,
discussed below, and require us to further expand our baseload generation or
purchase additional power.

We are
also subject to the risk that customer participation in these programs may
decrease our revenues. With respect to energy efficiency and conservation, the
FPSC has initiated a series of public workshops to gather information on how
expansions to DSM programs may affect a utility's ability to recover adequate
revenues. Although workshops have been held to date, the FPSC has not initiated
any formal rulemaking process or policy changes regarding this issue, and it is
uncertain what regulatory action may take place in the future.

We are
actively engaged in a variety of alternative energy projects, including solar,
hydrogen, biomass and landfill-gas technologies. We are evaluating the
feasibility of producing electricity from hog waste and other plant or animal
sources. These alternative energy projects may be determined to not be
cost-efficient or cost-effective.

Modernization and
Construction of Generating Plants

We are
currently evaluating our options for new generating plants, including gas and
nuclear technologies. At this time, no definitive decision has been made
regarding the construction of nuclear plants. There is no assurance that we will
be able to successfully and timely complete the projects to construct new
generation facilities or to expand or modernize existing facilities within our
projected budgets. These projects are long-term and may involve facility designs
that have not been previously constructed or that have not been finalized at the
time that project is commenced. Consequently, the projects potentially would be
subject to significant cost increases for labor, materials, scope changes and
changes in design. Should any such construction, expansion or modernization
efforts be unsuccessful, we could be subject to additional costs and/or the
write-off of our investment in the project or improvement. Furthermore, we have
no assurance that costs incurred to construct, expand or modernize generation
and associated transmission facilities will be recoverable through our base
rates or other recovery mechanisms.

 27

The
decision to build a new power plant will be based on several factors
including:

 ·  

 projected
 system load growth;

 ·  

 performance
 of existing generation fleet;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 projections
 of fuel prices, availability and
security;

 ·  

 the
 regulatory environment;

 ·  

 operational
 performance of new technologies;

 ·  

 the
 time required to permit and
construct;

 ·  

 environmental
 impact;

 ·  

 both
 public and policymaker support;

 ·  

 siting
 and construction of transmission
facilities;

 ·  

 cost
 and availability of construction materials and
 labor;

 ·  

 nuclear
 decommissioning costs, insurance, and costs of
 security;

 ·  

 ability
 to obtain financing on favorable terms;
and

 ·  

 availability
 of adequate water supply.

The
construction of a new power plant and associated expansion of our transmission
system will require a significant amount of capital expenditures. We cannot
provide certainty that adequate external financing will be available to support
the construction. Additionally, borrowings incurred to finance construction may
adversely impact our leverage, which could increase our cost of capital. We may
pursue joint ventures or similar arrangements with third parties in order to
share some of the financing and operational risks associated with new baseload
generation facilities, but we cannot be certain we will be able to successfully
negotiate any such arrangement. Furthermore, joint ventures or joint ownership
arrangements also present risks and uncertainties, including those associated
with sharing control over the construction and operation of a facility and
reliance on the other party’s financial or operational strength.

Future
increases in demand for skilled construction labor may result in increased labor
costs and labor shortages. This impacts the ability to assure adequate work
forces to maintain schedules with high quality construction at predictable
costs. Demand for the components required for the manufacturing and construction
of power plants has led to increased cost and lead times for materials and
equipment. Additionally, there may be opposition to the development and
construction of a power plant and/or the siting of associated transmission
facilities, which can lead to delays in development or the necessity to abandon
a preferred site.

While we
currently estimate that we will need to increase our baseload capacity, our
assumptions regarding future growth and resulting power demand in our service
territories may not be realized. Like other parts of the country, our service
territories and business have been impacted by the current economic recession
with corresponding downturns in the housing and consumer credit markets. PEC has
experienced some decline in the rate of residential and commercial sales growth
and PEF’s retail customer base contracted in the latter half of 2008. The timing
and extent of the recovery of the economy cannot be predicted. Additionally, our
customers may undertake further individual energy conservation measures, which
could decrease the demand for electricity. We may increase our baseload capacity
and have excess capacity if anticipated growth levels are not realized. The
resulting excess capacity may exceed the reserve margins established by the
NCUC, SCPSC and FPSC to meet our obligation to serve retail customers and, as a
result, may not be recoverable in base rates.

Nuclear

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful construction of a new
nuclear power plant requires the satisfaction of a number of conditions. The
conditions include, but are not limited to: the continued operation of the
industry’s existing nuclear fleet in a safe, reliable, and cost-effective
manner, an efficient and successful licensing process, continued public and
policymaker support, and a viable program for managing spent nuclear fuel. We
cannot provide certainty that these conditions will exist. As with any major
construction undertaking, completion of our proposed nuclear plants could be
delayed or prevented, or cost overruns could be incurred, as a result of
numerous factors, including shortages of material and labor, labor disputes,
weather interferences, difficulties in 

 28

obtaining
necessary licenses or permits, or in meeting license or permit conditions or
unforeseen engineering, environmental or geological problems.

While we
have not made a final determination on nuclear construction, we have taken steps
to keep open the option of building a plant or plants. PEC has filed a COL
application with the NRC for two additional reactors at Harris and PEF has filed
a COL application with the NRC for two reactors at Levy. For PEC, if we receive
approval from the NRC and applicable state agencies, and if the decisions to
build are made, a new plant would not be online until at least 2019. For PEF, if
we receive approval from the NRC and applicable state agencies, and if the
decisions to build are made, safety-related construction activities could begin
as early as 2012, and a new plant could be operational in the 2016 to 2018
timeframe. The NRC estimates that it will take approximately three to four years
to review and process the COL applications.

PEF has
entered into an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) agreement for
Levy. More than half of the contract price is fixed or firm with agreed upon
escalation factors and the remainder of the contract price may fluctuate. Actual
payments under the EPC agreement are dependent upon, and may vary significantly
based upon the decision to build, regulatory approval schedules, timing and
escalation of project costs, and the percentages, if any, of joint ownership.
Some specific costs are priced at actual cost, which may be market driven. (See
MD&A – Other Matters – Nuclear – Potential New Construction)

If as a
result of unexpected or uncontrollable events specified in the EPC agreement or
specified acts or omissions by us, completion of Levy is delayed or prevented,
or Levy cannot achieve operation in accordance with design specifications and
performance guarantees, the EPC contractor will not be obligated to pay
liquidated damages. Generally, the EPC contractor will not be obligated to pay
liquidated damages for events or circumstances that adversely affect its ability
to perform its obligations under the construction agreement to the extent that
the events or circumstances are beyond its reasonable control and are not caused
by its or its subcontractors’ negligence or lack of due diligence and could not
have been avoided by the use of its reasonable efforts. In addition, the date
for achievement of provisional acceptance and the guaranteed provisional
acceptance under the EPC agreement could be subject to adjustment as a result of
unexpected or uncontrollable events. For termination without cause, the EPC
agreement contains exit provisions with termination fees, which may be
significant, that vary based on the termination circumstance.

Under the
EPC agreement, we are responsible for a number of matters in connection with the
construction, completion and start-up of Levy. Our responsibilities include, but
are not limited to, obtainment of the COL; performance, oversight and review of
certain surveillance and testing functions; and acceptance of turnover of
systems from the contractor. While we believe that we have made adequate
arrangements to assure timely performance of our responsibilities, we are
relying on other parties to enable us to perform our responsibilities under the
EPC agreement and we cannot be certain that the other parties will meet their
obligations under their contracts.

A new
nuclear plant may be eligible for the federal production tax credits and risk
insurance provided by EPACT. Multiple utilities have announced plans to pursue
new nuclear plants. There is no guarantee that any nuclear plant constructed by
us would qualify for these incentives.

In
addition, other COL applicants would be pursuing regulatory approval, permitting
and construction at roughly the same time as we would. Consequently, there may
be shortages of qualified individuals to design, construct and operate these
proposed new nuclear facilities.

Gas

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful construction of a
gas-fired plant requires access to an adequate supply of natural gas. The gas
pipeline infrastructure in eastern and western North Carolina is limited. New
pipelines may need to be extended to the new plant locations, which introduces
risks associated with a construction project not under our direct control.
Natural gas supply limitations lead to the construction of power plants capable
of operating on both natural gas and fuel oil as a back-up fuel. Both of these
fuels are fossil fuels and emit greenhouse gases, which may be subject to future
regulation. The equipment needed for the construction of a natural gas power
plant is in demand worldwide, which is negatively impacting the capability of
the suppliers to deliver, leading to increased cost and longer lead times for
the equipment.

 29

Coal

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful modernization of a
coal-fired power plant requires the satisfaction of a number of conditions. As
discussed further below, these include, but are not limited to, consideration of
emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), NOx,
SO
2
and mercury; an efficient licensing process; and management of coal combustion
products such as slag, bottom ash and fly ash. Emission control equipment
requires the use of significant amounts of reagents, which may be in high demand
with mandated compliance deadlines for emission controls.

We are subject to renewable energy
standards that may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

We are
subject to renewable energy standards at the state level in North Carolina and
Florida. We may be subject to federal level standards in the
future.

North
Carolina’s Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standard (NC REPS)
law establishes minimum standards for the use of energy from specified renewable
energy resources or implementation of energy-efficiency measures by the state’s
electric utilities beginning with a 3 percent requirement in 2012 and increasing
to 12.5 percent in 2021 for regulated public utilities, including PEC. The
premium to be paid by electric utilities to comply with the requirements above
the cost they would have otherwise incurred to meet consumer demand is to be
recovered through an annual clause. The annual amount that can be recovered
through the NC REPS clause is capped and once a utility has expended monies
equal to the cap, the utility is deemed to have met its obligations under the NC
REPS law, regardless of the actual renewables generated or purchased. The law
grants the NCUC authority to modify or alter the NC REPS requirements if the
NCUC determines it is in the public interest to do so.

Florida’s
comprehensive energy legislation includes provisions that would, among other
things, (1) help enhance the ability to cost-effectively site transmission
lines; (2) require the FPSC to develop a renewable portfolio standard that the
FPSC would present to the legislature for ratification in 2009; (3) direct the
Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) to develop rules
establishing a cap and trade program to regulate greenhouse gas emissions that
the FDEP would present to the legislature no earlier than January 2010 for
ratification by the legislature; (4) establish a new Florida Energy and Climate
Commission as the principal governmental body to develop energy and climate
policy for the State and to make recommendations to the governor and legislature
on energy and climate issues; and (5) require the FPSC to analyze utility
revenue decoupling and provide a report and recommendation to the governor and
legislature by January 1, 2009. The FPSC concluded and recommended to the
governor and legislature that no specific revenue decoupling program needs to
be, or should be, implemented at this time. In complying with the provisions of
the law, PEF would be able to recover its reasonable prudent compliance costs.
However, until the rulemaking processes are completed, we cannot predict the
costs of complying with the law.

On
January 12, 2009, the FPSC approved a draft Florida renewable portfolio standard
(Florida RPS) rule with a goal of 20 percent renewable energy production by
2020. The FPSC provided the draft Florida RPS rule to the Florida legislature in
February 2009. The legislature will review, ratify as is, make revisions, or
decide not to have a Florida RPS rule at all. We cannot predict the outcome of
this matter.

Additional
proposals at the state and federal levels for renewable energy standards could
require the Utilities to produce or buy a higher portion of their energy from
renewable energy sources. Mandated state and federal standards could result in
the use of renewable fuels that are not cost-effective in order to comply with
requirements.

We are
actively engaged in energy-efficiency and conservation programs and a variety of
alternative energy projects, including solar, hydrogen, biomass and landfill-gas
technologies. We are evaluating the feasibility of producing electricity from
hog waste and other plant or animal sources and currently partner with
organizations throughout our service territories to support hydrogen, solar and
other forms of renewable and alternative energy. We have invested in research
for alternative energy sources that might subsequently be determined to not be
cost-efficient or cost-effective, thus subjecting us to the risks of further
expanding our generation or purchasing additional power on the open market at
then-prevailing prices.

 30

There are inherent potential risks in
the operation of nuclear facilities, including environmental, health,
regulatory, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the
shutdown of our nuclear units, which may present potential exposures in excess
of our insurance coverage.

PEC owns
and operates four nuclear units and PEF owns and operates one nuclear unit. In
addition, we are exploring the possibility of expanding our nuclear generating
capacity with two additional units at both PEC and PEF to meet future expected
baseload generation needs. Our nuclear facilities are subject to environmental,
health and financial risks such as the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel,
the ability to maintain adequate capital reserves for decommissioning,
limitations on amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational
liabilities, and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist
attacks. We maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to
minimize the financial exposure to these risks. However, damages from an
accident or business interruption at our nuclear units could exceed the amount
of our insurance coverage.

The NRC
has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of
noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license
conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions,
depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance
is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require us
to make substantial capital expenditures at our nuclear plants. In addition,
although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our
plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear
facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the
operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit.

Our
nuclear facilities have operating licenses that need to be renewed periodically.
We anticipate successful renewal of these licenses. However, potential terrorist
threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in an extended
process with higher licensing or compliance costs.

We
are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require
significant capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations, and which may
impact or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental
liabilities.

We are
subject to numerous environmental regulations affecting many aspects of our
present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality,
wastewater discharges, solid waste, and hazardous waste production, handling and
disposal. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating
and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on
existing power plants and compliance plans with regard to new and existing power
plants. These laws and regulations generally require us to obtain and comply
with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, authorizations and other
approvals. Both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce
applicable environmental laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable
regulations and permits might result in the imposition of fines and penalties by
regulatory authorities. We cannot provide assurance that existing environmental
regulations will not be revised or that new environmental regulations will not
be adopted or become applicable to us. Increased compliance costs or additional
operating restrictions from revised or additional regulation could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly if those
costs are not fully recoverable from our ratepayers.

In
addition, we may be deemed a responsible party for environmental clean up at
sites identified by a regulatory body or private party. We cannot predict with
certainty the amount or timing of future expenditures related to environmental
matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean-up costs. There is also
uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose
joint and several liability on all PRPs. While we accrue for probable costs that
can be reasonably estimated, not all costs can be reasonably estimated or
accrued and actual costs may materially exceed our accruals. Material costs in
excess of our accruals could have an adverse impact on our financial condition
and results of operations.

There are
proposals and ongoing studies at the state (including North Carolina, South
Carolina and Florida), federal and international levels to address global
climate change that could result in the regulation of CO2 and other
greenhouse gases. Any future regulatory actions taken to address global climate
change represent a business risk to our operations. Reductions in CO
2 emissions
to the levels specified by some proposals could be materially adverse to our
financial position or results of operations if associated costs of control or
limitation cannot be recovered from 

 31

ratepayers.
The cost impact of legislation or regulation to address global climate change
would depend on the specific legislation or regulation enacted and cannot be
determined at this time.

Our
compliance with environmental regulations, including those to reduce emissions
of NOx, SO2 and
mercury from coal-fired power plants, requires significant capital expenditures
that impact our financial condition. These costs are eligible for regulatory
recovery through either base rates or cost-recovery clauses. These costs could
be higher than currently expected and have an adverse impact on our results of
operations and financial condition. The current estimated capital costs
associated with compliance with pollution control laws and regulations that we
expect to incur are included within MD&A – “Liquidity and Capital Resources
– Capital Expenditures” and within MD&A – “Other Matters – Environmental
Matters.”

The
operation of emission control equipment to meet the emission limits will
increase our operating costs, net of recovery of costs through cost-recovery
clauses, and reduce the generating capacity of our coal-fired plants. O&M
expenses will significantly increase due to the additional personnel, materials
and general maintenance associated with the equipment. Operation of the emission
control equipment will require the procurement of significant quantities of
reagents, such as limestone and ammonia. Future increases in demand for these
items from other utility companies operating similar equipment could increase
our costs associated with operating the equipment. The operation of emission
control equipment may result in development of collateral issues that require
further remedial actions, resulting in additional expenditures and operating
costs.

See Note
21 for additional discussion of environmental matters.

Because weather conditions directly
influence the demand for, our ability to provide, and the cost of providing
electricity, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows can
fluctuate on a seasonal or quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by
changes in weather conditions and severe weather.

Weather
conditions in our service territories directly influence the demand for
electricity and affect the price of energy commodities necessary to provide
electricity to our customers. As a result, our future overall operating results
may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have
historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather
conditions were mild. While we believe that the Utilities’ markets complement
each other during normal seasonal fluctuations, unusually mild weather could
diminish our results of operations and harm our financial
condition.

Hydroelectric
generating plants represent a small portion of PEC’s generation capacity. PEF
has no hydroelectric generating plants. Sustained severe drought conditions
could impact operations at our fossil and nuclear plants as these facilities use
water for cooling purposes and in the operation of environmental compliance
equipment. Furthermore, destruction caused by severe weather events, such as
hurricanes, tornadoes, severe thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, can result in
lost operating revenues due to outages; property damage, including downed
transmission and distribution lines; and additional and unexpected expenses to
mitigate storm damage.

Our
ability to recover significant costs resulting from severe weather events is
subject to regulatory oversight and the timing and amount of any such recovery
is uncertain and may impact our financial conditions.

We are
subject to incurring significant costs resulting from damage sustained during
severe weather events. While the Utilities have historically been granted
regulatory approval to recover or defer the majority of significant storm costs
incurred, the Utilities’ storm cost-recovery petitions may not always be granted
or may not be granted in a timely manner. If we cannot recover costs associated
with future severe weather events in a timely manner, or in an amount sufficient
to cover our actual costs, our financial conditions and results of operations
could be materially and adversely impacted.

Under a
regulatory order, PEF maintains a storm damage reserve account for major storms.
In the event future storms cause the reserve to be depleted, PEF can petition
the FPSC for implementation of an interim retail surcharge of at least 80
percent and up to 100 percent of the claimed deficiency of its storm reserve.
The FPSC has the right to review PEF’s storm costs for prudence. Storm reserve
costs attributable to PEF’s wholesale customers may be amortized consistent with
recovery of such amounts in wholesale rates, albeit at a specified amount per
year, which could result in an extended recovery period. The wholesale
transmission portion of the storm reserve will be recovered through the OATT
tariff that began in January 2008 and will continue for approximately five
years.

 32

PEC does
not maintain a storm damage reserve account and does not have an ongoing
regulatory mechanism to recover storm costs. PEC has previously sought and
received permission from the NCUC and the SCPSC to defer storm expenses and
amortize them over five-year periods.

Our
revenues, operating results and financial condition are impacted by customer
growth in our service territories and may fluctuate with the economy and its
corresponding impact on our customers as well as the demand and competitive
state of the wholesale market.

Our
revenues, operating results and financial condition are impacted by customer
growth and usage. Customer growth can be impacted by population growth as well
as by economic factors, including but not limited to, job growth and housing
market trends. The Utilities are impacted by the economic cycles of the
customers we serve. As our service territories experience economic downturns,
residential customer consumption patterns may change and our revenues may be
negatively impacted. Additionally, our customers could voluntarily reduce their
consumption of electricity in response to decreases in their disposable income
or individual energy conservation efforts. If our commercial and industrial
customers experience economic downturns, their consumption of electricity may
decline and our revenues can be negatively impacted.

Like
other parts of the country, our service territories and business have been
impacted by the current economic recession with corresponding downturns in the
housing and consumer credit markets. PEC has experienced some decline in the
rate of residential and commercial sales growth and PEF’s retail customer growth
has contracted. We have experienced declining sales to commercial and industrial
customers due to the economic recession. The timing and extent of the recovery
of the economy cannot be predicted. Additionally, our customers may undertake
further individual energy conservation measures, which could decrease the demand
for electricity.

Wholesale
revenues fluctuate with regional demand, fuel prices and contracted capacity.
Our wholesale profitability is dependent upon our ability to renew or replace
expiring wholesale contracts on favorable terms and market
conditions.

Fluctuations in commodity prices may
adversely affect various aspects of the Utilities’ operations as well as the
Utilities’ financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.

We are
exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal,
fuel oil, electricity and other energy-related commodities, including emission
allowances, as a result of our ownership of energy-related assets. We have
hedging strategies in place to mitigate fluctuations in commodity supply prices,
but to the extent that we do not cover our entire exposure to commodity price
fluctuations, or our hedging procedures do not work as planned, there can be no
assurances that our financial performance will not be negatively impacted by
price fluctuations. Additionally, we are exposed to risk that our counterparties
will not be able to perform their obligations. Should our counterparties fail to
perform, we might be forced to replace the underlying commitment at then-current
market prices. In such event, we might incur losses in addition to the amounts,
if any, already paid to the counterparties.

Certain
of our hedge agreements may result in the receipt of, or posting of, derivative
collateral with our counterparties, depending on the daily derivative position.
Fluctuations in commodity prices that lead to our return of collateral received
and/or our posting of collateral with our counterparties negatively impact our
liquidity. We continually monitor our derivative positions in relation to market
price activity.

Volatility
in market prices for fuel and power may result from, among other
items:

 §  

 weather
 conditions;

 §  

 seasonality;

 §  

 power
 usage;

 §  

 illiquid
 markets;

 §  

 transmission
 or transportation constraints or
inefficiencies;

 §  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 §  

 demand
 for energy commodities;

 §  

 natural
 gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal production
 levels;

 §  

 natural
 disasters, wars, terrorism, embargoes and other catastrophic events;
 and

 §  

 federal,
 state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
 legislation.

 33

In
addition, we anticipate significant capital expenditures for environmental
compliance and baseload generation. The completion of these projects within
established budgets is contingent upon many variables including the securing of
labor and materials at estimated costs. The demand and prices for labor and
materials are subject to volatility and may increase in the future. We are
subject to the risk that cost overages may not be recoverable from ratepayers
and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be
adversely impacted.

Prices
for emission allowance credits fluctuate. While allowances are eligible for
annual recovery in PEF’s jurisdictions in Florida and PEC’s in South Carolina,
no such annual recovery exists in North Carolina for PEC. Future changes in the
price of allowances could have a significant adverse financial impact on us and
PEC and consequently, on our results of operations and cash flows.

As
a holding company with no revenue-generating operations, the Parent is dependent
on upstream cash flows from its subsidiaries, primarily the Utilities; its
commercial paper and bank facilities; and its ability to access the long-term
debt and equity capital markets.

The
Parent is a holding company and as such, has no revenue-generating operations of
its own. The Parent’s ability to meet its financial obligations associated with
the debt service obligations on its debt and to pay dividends on its common
stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its operating
subsidiaries, primarily the Utilities; the ability of its subsidiaries to pay
upstream dividends or to repay funds due the Parent; the Parent’s bank facility;
and/or the Parent’s ability to access the short-term and long-term debt and
equity capital markets. Prior to funding the Parent, its subsidiaries have
financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, their
respective debt service, preferred dividends and obligations to trade
creditors.  Additionally, the Utilities could retain their free cash flow
to fund their capital expenditures in lieu of receiving equity contributions
from the Parent.  Should the Utilities not be able to pay dividends or
repay funds due to the Parent or if the Parent cannot access the commercial
paper market, its bank facilities or the long-term debt and equity capital
markets, the Parent’s ability to pay interest and dividends would be
restricted.

Our business is dependent on our
ability to successfully access capital markets on favorable terms. Limits on our
access to capital may adversely impact our ability to execute our business plan
or pursue improvements that we would otherwise rely on for future
growth.

Our cash
requirements are driven by the capital-intensive nature of our Utilities. In
addition to operating cash flows, we rely heavily on commercial paper, long-term
debt and equity. If access to these sources of liquidity becomes constrained,
our ability to implement our business strategy will be adversely affected. In
2008, extreme market turmoil caused the credit markets to tighten. However, we
believe that we will continue to have sufficient access to these financial
markets based upon our current credit ratings. Further market disruptions or a
downgrade of our credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing and may
adversely affect our ability to access the financial markets. If we cannot fund
our expected capital expenditures and debt maturities through normal operations
or by accessing capital markets, our business plans, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows may be adversely impacted. See discussion of
our expected capital expenditures in MD&A – “Liquidity and Capital Resources
– Capital Expenditures”.

We issue
commercial paper to meet short-term liquidity needs. When financial and economic
conditions result in tightened short-term credit markets coupled with
corresponding volatility in commercial paper durations and interest rates, we
evaluate other options for meeting our short-term liquidity needs, which may
include borrowing from our revolving credit agreements (RCAs), issuing
short-term floating rate notes, issuing long-term debt and/or issuing equity.
These alternative sources of liquidity may not have comparable favorable terms
and thus, may impact adversely our business plans, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.

Increases in our leverage could
adversely affect our competitive position, business planning and flexibility,
financial condition, ability to service our debt obligations and to pay
dividends on our common stock, and ability to access capital on favorable
terms.

As
discussed above and in Note 11, we rely heavily on our commercial paper and
long-term debt. As described in Note 11, our credit agreements contain certain
provisions and impose various limitations that could impact our liquidity, such
as cross-default provisions and defined maximum total debt to total capital
(leverage) ratios. Under 

 34

these
revolving credit facilities, indebtedness includes certain letters of credit and
guarantees which are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets.

As
described in MD&A – “Strategy” and MD&A – “Future Liquidity and Capital
Resources,” we are anticipating extensive capital needs for new generation,
transmission and distribution facilities, and environmental compliance
expenditures. Funding these capital needs could increase our leverage and
present numerous risks including those addressed below.

In the
event our leverage increases such that we approach the permitted ratios, our
access to capital and additional liquidity could decrease. A limitation in our
liquidity could have a material adverse impact on our business strategy and our
ongoing financing needs. Additionally, a significant increase in our leverage
could adversely affect us by:

 §  

 increasing
 the cost of future debt financing;

 §  

 impacting
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock at the current
 rate;

 §  

 making
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our existing financial
 obligations;

 §  

 limiting
 our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, for working
 capital, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other
 purposes;

 §  

 increasing
 our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
 conditions;

 §  

 requiring
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
 debt repayment thereby reducing funds available for operations, future
 business opportunities or other
purposes;

 §  

 limiting
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business
 and the industry in which we
compete;

 §  

 requiring
 the issuance of additional equity;

 §  

 placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who have less
 debt; and

 §  

 causing
 a downgrade in our credit ratings.

Changes
in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, which would
increase interest expense on our floating rate debt, and reduce funds available
to us for our current plans.

Any
reduction in our credit ratings below investment grade would likely increase our
borrowing costs, limit our access to additional capital and require posting of
collateral, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

While the
long-term target credit ratings for the Parent and the Utilities are above the
minimum investment grade rating, we cannot provide certainty that any of our
current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its
judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Our debt indentures and credit
agreements do not contain any “ratings triggers,” which would cause the
acceleration of interest and principal payments in the event of a ratings
downgrade. Any downgrade could increase our borrowing costs and may adversely
affect our access to capital, which could negatively impact our financial
results and business plans. We note that the ratings from credit agencies are
not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities or those of PEC or PEF
and that each agency’s rating should be evaluated independently of any other
agency’s rating.

Market
performance and other changes may decrease the value of nuclear decommissioning
trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then could require significant
additional funding.

The
performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in
trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission the Utilities’ nuclear
plants and under our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit
plans. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant
assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will
yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected rates of return.
Although a number of factors impact our funding requirements, a decline in the
market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the
obligations to decommission the Utilities’ nuclear plants and under our defined
benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, changes in
interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest
rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional
funding. Further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these
benefit plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and
participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or

 35

changes
in life expectancy assumptions. If we are unable to successfully manage the
nuclear decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, our results of
operation and financial position could be negatively affected. See further
discussion of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets in
Notes 4D, 13 and 16 and in MD&A – “Application of Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates.”

Our
ability to fully utilize tax credits generated under Section 29/45K may be
limited. This risk is not applicable to PEC and PEF.

In
accordance with the provisions of Section 29/45K, we have generated tax credits
based on the content and quantity of synthetic fuels produced and sold to
unrelated parties. This tax credit program expired at the end of 2007. The
timing of the utilization of the tax credits is dependent upon our taxable
income, which can be impacted by a number of factors. Additionally, in the
normal course of business, our tax returns are audited by the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS). If our tax credits were disallowed in whole or in part as a
result of an IRS audit, there could be significant additional tax liabilities
and associated interest for previously recognized tax credits, which could have
a material adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. Although we are
unaware of any currently proposed legislation or new IRS regulations or
interpretations impacting previously recorded synthetic fuels tax credits, the
value of credits generated could be unfavorably impacted by such legislation or
IRS regulations and interpretations.