Investing
in the securities of the Progress Registrants involves risks, including the
risks described below, that could affect the Progress Registrants and their
businesses, as well as the energy industry in general. Most of the business
information as well as the financial and operational data contained in our risk
factors are updated periodically in the reports the Progress Registrants file
with the SEC. Although the Progress Registrants have discussed current material
risks, please be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future.
New risks may emerge at any time and the Progress Registrants cannot predict
such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect their financial
performance. Before purchasing securities of the Progress Registrants, you
should carefully consider the following risks and the other information in this
combined Annual Report, as well as the documents the Progress Registrants file
with the SEC from time to time. Each of the risks described below could result
in a decrease in the value of the securities of the Progress Registrants and
your investment therein.

Solely
with respect to this Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” unless the context otherwise
requires or the disclosure otherwise indicates, references to “we,” “us” or
“our” are to each of the individual Progress Registrants and the matters
discussed are generally applicable to each Progress Registrant.

We are subject to fluid and complex
government regulations that may have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We are
subject to comprehensive regulation by multiple federal, state and local
regulatory agencies, which significantly influences our operating environment
and may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers. We are
subject to regulatory oversight with respect to, among other things, rates and
service for electric energy sold at retail, retail service territory, siting and
construction of facilities, and issuances of securities. In addition, the
Utilities are subject to federal regulation with respect to transmission and
sales of wholesale power, accounting and certain other matters. We are also
required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the agencies
that regulate our business. We believe the necessary permits, approvals and
certificates have been obtained for our existing operations and that our
business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. Laws and regulations
frequently change and the ultimate costs of compliance cannot be precisely
estimated. Such changes in regulations or the imposition of additional
regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations.

Our
financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generating
facilities by the Utilities and their ability to deliver electricity to
customers.

Operating
electric generating facilities and delivery systems involves many risks,
including:

 §  

 operator
 error and breakdown or failure of equipment or
 processes;

 §  

 operational
 limitations imposed by environmental or other regulatory
 requirements;

 §  

 inadequate
 or unreliable access to transmission and distribution
 assets;

 §  

 labor
 disputes;

 §  

 interruptions
 to the supply of fuel and other commodities used in
 generation;

 §  

 compliance
 with mandatory reliability standards, including any subsequent revisions,
 for the bulk power electric system;

 §  

 inability
 to recruit and retain skilled technical
workers;

 §  

 inadequate
 disposal capabilities for coal combustion byproducts;
 and

 §  

 catastrophic
 events such as hurricanes, floods, extreme drought, earthquakes, fires,
 explosions, terrorist attacks, pandemic health events such as avian
 influenza or other similar
occurrences.

We depend
on transmission and distribution facilities, including those operated by
unaffiliated parties, to deliver the electricity that we sell to the retail and
wholesale markets. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate,
our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual obligations
may be hindered. Although the FERC has issued regulations designed to encourage
competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the
potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be
available or that sufficient transmission capacity will not be available to
transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry
changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission
facilities in specific markets.

 26

In June
2007, compliance with initial FERC-approved reliability standards became
mandatory. Additional standards were approved in December 2007 and January 2008
(See Item 1 “Business – Utility Regulation – Federal Regulation). We anticipate
that more standards will be approved and that the standards will migrate to more
definitive and enforceable requirements over time. The financial impact of
mandatory compliance cannot currently be determined. Failure to comply with the
reliability standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties. If
we are unable to meet the reliability standards for the bulk power electric
system in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Due to
the prospects for construction of a number of new nuclear facilities across the
country and an aging skilled workforce, there is increased competition within
the energy sector for skilled technical workers for both the construction and
operation of nuclear facilities. Our ability to successfully operate our nuclear
facilities is dependent upon our continued ability to recruit and retain skilled
technical workers.

Approximately
2,000 employees at PEF are represented by the IBEW. The three-year labor
contract with the IBEW expires in December 2008. The outcome of contract
negotiations cannot be determined, however, an unfavorable outcome could
increase our operating costs.

Our coal
plants produce coal combustion byproducts. The majority of our plants are
nearing full capacity for disposal of coal combustion byproducts. As a result,
we are developing new disposal plans for our coal plants, which will result in
additional capital expenditures for construction of on-site disposal facilities
and/or increased O&M costs for off-site disposal. Additionally, rulemakings
at the state and federal levels have increased the risks associated with surface
wastewater discharges and groundwater impacts, which could result in higher
environmental compliance costs.

To
operate our emission control equipment, we use significant quantities of ammonia
and limestone. With mandated compliance deadlines for emission controls, demand
for these reagents may increase and result in supply shortages. Decreased
operational performance from the Utilities’ generating facilities and delivery
systems or increased costs of operating the facilities could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.

Meeting
the anticipated growth in our service territories may require, among other
things, the construction within the next decade of new gas and/or nuclear
generation facilities and modernization of coal generation facilities to
increase our generation capability and the siting and construction of associated
transmission facilities. We may not be able to obtain required licenses, permits
and rights-of-way; successfully and timely complete construction; or recover the
cost of such new generation and transmission facilities through our base rates
or other recovery mechanisms, any of which could adversely impact our financial
condition, cash flows or results of operations.

Meeting
the anticipated growth within the Utilities’ service territories will require a
balanced approach. The three main elements of this balanced solution are: (1)
expanding our energy-efficiency programs; (2) investing in the development of
alternative energy resources for the future; and (3) operating state-of-the-art
plants that produce energy cleanly and efficiently by modernizing existing
plants and pursuing options for building new plants and associated transmission
facilities.

Provisions
for recovery of certain prudent compliance and new baseload generation
construction costs were included in energy legislation passed by the North
Carolina and South Carolina legislatures and in rules issued by the FPSC during
2007. The costs eligible for recovery could potentially be deemed to be
imprudent by the respective states’ utility commission.

The risks
of each of the elements of our balanced solution include, but are not limited
to, the following:

Energy-Efficiency and New
Energy Resources

We are
actively pursuing expansion of our energy-efficiency and conservation programs
as energy efficiency is one of the most effective ways to reduce energy costs,
offset the need for new power plants and protect the environment. Our
energy-efficiency program provides ways for customers to reduce energy
use.

 27

We are
subject to the risk that our customers may not participate in our conservation
programs or the forecasted results from these programs may be less than
anticipated. This could result in our having to utilize greater levels of
renewable energy resources to achieve the mandated REPS, discussed below, and
require us to further expand our baseload generation or purchase additional
power.

We are
also subject to the risk that customer participation in these programs may
decrease our revenues. With respect to energy efficiency and conservation, the
FPSC has initiated a series of public workshops to gather information on how
expansions to DSM programs may affect a utility's ability to recover adequate
revenues. Although workshops have been held to date, the FPSC has not initiated
any formal rulemaking process or policy changes regarding this issue, and it is
uncertain what regulatory action may take place in the future.

We are
actively engaged in a variety of alternative energy projects, including solar,
hydrogen, biomass and landfill-gas technologies. We are evaluating the
feasibility of producing electricity from hog waste and other plant or animal
sources. These alternative energy projects may be determined to not be
cost-efficient or cost-effective.

Modernization and
Construction of Generating Plants

We are
currently evaluating our options for new generating plants, including gas and
nuclear technologies. At this time, no definitive decision has been made
regarding the construction of nuclear plants. There is no assurance that we will
be able to successfully and timely complete the projects to construct new
generation facilities or to expand or modernize existing facilities within our
projected budgets. These projects are long-term and may involve facility designs
that have not been previously constructed or that have not been finalized at the
time that project is commenced. Consequently, the projects potentially
would be subject to significant cost increases for labor, materials, scope
changes and changes in design. Should any such construction, expansion or
modernization efforts be unsuccessful, we could be subject to additional costs
and/or the write-off of our investment in the project or improvement.
Furthermore, we have no assurance that costs incurred to construct, expand or
modernize generation and associated transmission facilities will be recoverable
through our base rates or other recovery mechanisms.

The
decision to build a new power plant will be based on several factors
including:

 ·  

 projected
 system load growth;

 ·  

 performance
 of existing generation fleet;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 projections
 of fuel prices, availability and
security;

 ·  

 the
 regulatory environment;

 ·  

 operational
 performance of new technologies;

 ·  

 the
 time required to permit and
construct;

 ·  

 environmental
 impact;

 ·  

 both
 public and policymaker support;

 ·  

 siting
 and construction of transmission
facilities;

 ·  

 cost
 and availability of construction materials and
 labor;

 ·  

 nuclear
 decommissioning costs, insurance, and costs of
 security;

 ·  

 ability
 to obtain financing on favorable terms;
and

 ·  

 availability
 of adequate water supply.

The
construction of a new power plant and associated expansion of our transmission
system will require a significant amount of capital expenditures. We cannot
provide certainty that adequate external financing will be available to support
the construction. Additionally, borrowings incurred to finance construction may
adversely impact our leverage, which could increase our cost of capital. We may
pursue joint ventures or similar arrangements with third parties in order to
share some of the financing and operational risks associated with new baseload
generation facilities, but we cannot be certain we will be able to successfully
negotiate any such arrangement. Furthermore, joint ventures or joint ownership
arrangements also present risks and uncertainties, including those associated
with sharing control over the construction and operation of a facility and
reliance on the other party’s financial or operational strength.

 28

The
demand for skilled construction labor is high across all industry sectors,
resulting in increased labor costs and labor shortages. This impacts the ability
to assure adequate work forces to maintain schedules with high quality
construction at predictable costs. There is an increased demand worldwide for
the components required for the manufacturing and construction of power plants.
This has led to increased cost and lead times for materials and equipment.
Additionally, there may be opposition to the development and construction of a
power plant and/or the siting of associated transmission facilities, which can
lead to delays in development or the necessity to abandon a preferred
site.

While we
currently estimate that we will need to increase our baseload capacity, our
assumptions regarding future growth and resulting power demand in our service
territories may not be realized. Portions of our service territories have been
impacted by the current downturn in the consumer credit and housing markets. The
timing and extent of the recovery of the consumer credit and housing markets
cannot be predicted. Additionally, our customers may undertake individual energy
conservation measures, which could decrease the demand for electricity. If
anticipated growth levels are not realized, we may increase our baseload
capacity and have excess capacity. This excess capacity may exceed the reserve
margins established by the NCUC, SCPSC and FPSC to meet our obligation to serve
retail customers and, as a result, may not be recoverable in base
rates.

Nuclear

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful construction of a new
nuclear power plant requires the satisfaction of a number of conditions. The
conditions include, but are not limited to: the continued operation of the
industry’s existing nuclear fleet in a safe, reliable, and cost-effective
manner, an efficient and successful licensing process, continued public and
policymaker support, and a viable program for managing spent nuclear fuel. We
cannot provide certainty that these conditions will exist.

We
previously announced that we are pursuing development of COL applications.
Filing of a COL is not a commitment to build a nuclear plant. It is a necessary
step to keep open the option of building a potential plant or plants. We have
selected a site in North Carolina and a site in Florida to evaluate for possible
future construction of two additional nuclear units at each site. On February
19, 2008, PEC filed its COL application with the NRC for two additional reactors
at Harris. We currently expect to file an application for the COL for PEF’s site
in 2008. For PEC, if we receive approval from the NRC and applicable state
agencies, and if the decisions to build are made, a new plant would not be
online until at least 2018. For PEF, if we receive approval from the NRC and
applicable state agencies, and if the decisions to build are made, construction
activities could begin as early as 2012, and a new plant could be online in
2016. The NRC estimates that it will take approximately three to four years to
review and process the COL applications.

EPACT
provides for an annual tax credit of 1.8 cents/kWh for nuclear facilities for
the first eight years of operation. However, the credit is limited to the first
6,000 MW of new nuclear generation in the United States that have met the
permitting, construction and placed-in-service milestones specified by EPACT and
has an annual cap of $125 million per 1,000 MW of national MW capacity
limitation allocated to the unit. The credit allocation process among new
nuclear plants has not been determined. Other utilities have announced plans to
pursue new nuclear plants. There is no guarantee that any nuclear plant
constructed by us would qualify for these additional incentives.

In
addition, other COL applicants would be pursuing regulatory approval, permitting
and construction at roughly the same time as we would. Consequently, there may
be shortages of qualified individuals to design, construct and operate these
proposed new nuclear facilities.

Gas

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful construction of a
gas-fired plant requires access to an adequate supply of natural gas. The gas
pipeline infrastructure in eastern and western North Carolina is limited. New
pipelines may need to be extended to the new plant locations, which introduces
risks associated with a construction project not under our direct control.
Natural gas supply limitations lead to the construction of power plants capable
of operating on both natural gas and fuel oil as a back-up fuel. Both of these
fuels are fossil fuels and emit greenhouse gases, which may be subject to future
regulation. The equipment needed for the construction of a natural 

 29

gas power
plant is in demand worldwide, which is negatively impacting the capability of
the suppliers to deliver, leading to increased cost and longer lead times for
the equipment.

Coal

In
addition to the risks discussed above, the successful modernization of a
coal-fired power plant requires the satisfaction of a number of conditions. As
discussed further below, these include, but are not limited to, consideration of
emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), NOx,
SO
2
and mercury; an efficient licensing process; and disposal of coal combustion
byproducts such as slag and fly ash. Emission control equipment requires the use
of significant amounts of reagents, which may be in high demand with mandated
compliance deadlines for emission controls.

We are subject to Renewable Energy
Portfolio Standards (REPS) that may have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

During
2007, the North Carolina legislature passed comprehensive energy legislation,
which became law on August 20, 2007. The law establishes minimum REPS for the
use of energy from specified renewable energy resources or implementation of
energy-efficiency measures by the state’s electric utilities beginning with a 3
percent requirement in 2012 and increasing to 12.5 percent in 2021 for regulated
public utilities, including PEC. The premium to be paid by electric utilities to
comply with the requirements above the cost they would have otherwise incurred
to meet consumer demand is to be recovered through an annual clause. The annual
amount that can be recovered through the REPS clause is capped and once a
utility has expended monies equal to the cap, the utility is deemed to have met
its obligations under the REPS, regardless of the actual renewables generated or
purchased. The law grants the NCUC authority to modify or alter the REPS
requirements if the NCUC determines it is in the public interest to do
so.

The law
allows the utility to meet a portion of the REPS with energy reductions achieved
through energy-efficiency programs. Energy-efficiency programs include any
program or activity implemented after January 1, 2007, that results in less
energy being used to perform the same function. Through the year 2020, a utility
can use energy- efficiency programs to satisfy up to 25 percent of the REPS;
beginning in 2021, these programs may constitute up to 40 percent of the
requirements. On October 26, 2007, the NCUC issued proposed rules for
implementation of the law. PEC expects final rules to be issued by the end of
the first quarter of 2008.

On July
13, 2007, the governor of Florida issued executive orders to address reduction
of greenhouse gas emissions. The executive orders call for the first
Southeastern state cap-and-trade program and include adoption of a maximum
allowable emissions level of greenhouse gases for Florida utilities. The
standard will require, at a minimum, the following three reduction milestones:
by 2017, emissions not greater than Year 2000 utility sector emissions; by 2025,
emissions not greater than Year 1990 utility sector emissions; and by 2050,
emissions not greater than 20 percent of Year 1990 utility sector
emissions.

Among
other things, the executive orders also requested that the FPSC initiate a
rulemaking by September 1, 2007 that would (1) require Florida utilities to
produce at least 20 percent of their electricity from renewable sources; (2)
reduce the cost of connecting solar and other renewable energy technologies to
Florida’s power grid by adopting uniform statewide interconnection standards for
all utilities; and (3) authorize a uniform, statewide method to enable
residential and commercial customers who generate electricity from on-site
renewable technologies of up to 1 MW in capacity to offset their consumption
over a billing period by allowing their electric meters to turn backwards when
they generate electricity (net metering). The FPSC has held meetings regarding
the renewable portfolio standard but no actions have been taken or rules issued.
The Energy and Climate Action Team appointed by the governor submitted its
initial recommendations for implementation of the governor’s executive orders on
November 1, 2007. The recommendations encourage the development and
implementation of energy-efficiency and conservation measures, implementation of
a climate registry, and consideration of a cap-and-trade approach to reducing
the state’s greenhouse gas emissions. Additional development and discussion of
the recommendations will occur through a stakeholder process in 2008. The Florida Department
of Environmental Protection held its first workshop on the greenhouse gas
emissions cap on August 22, 2007, and a second workshop on December 5, 2007. We
anticipate drafts of the rule will be issued in 2008.

 30

In
addition, the Florida Energy Commission, which was established by the
Legislature in 2006, published its energy policy and climate change
recommendations on December 31, 2007. The report includes proposed legislative
language that would implement energy-efficiency and conservation programs,
participation in the multi-state Climate Registry, and emissions reduction
targets that are similar to those contained in the governor’s executive orders.
Additional development and discussion of the recommendations will occur through
a stakeholder process in 2008.

In
February, 2008, the FPSC voted to approve a net metering and interconnection
rule that will allow customers to interconnect renewable energy devices with
utility infrastructure in order to allow such customers to defray some or all of
their electric energy consumption. The rule is applicable to renewable
generation devices that are two MW or smaller. Under the new rule, customers
using such devices are given full retail credit against their consumption for
power that they generate. Any excess power that customers import onto the
utility's system is credited to the customer's account on a monthly basis and,
if not used, is paid out at the end of the calendar year at the utility's cost
of generation rate. This final rule is expected to be in effect by the second
quarter of 2008. PEF’s existing meters do not have net metering capability and
will need to be replaced for customers who interconnect renewable energy
devices.

Additional
proposals at the state and federal levels for renewable energy standards could
require the Utilities to produce or buy a higher portion of their energy from
renewable energy sources. Mandated state and federal standards could result in
the use of renewable fuels that are not cost-effective in order to comply with
requirements.

In
response to legislative initiatives that became effective in 2007, we are
actively engaged in energy-efficiency and conservation programs and a variety of
alternative energy projects, including solar, hydrogen, biomass and landfill-gas
technologies. We are evaluating the feasibility of producing electricity from
hog waste and other plant or animal sources and currently partner with
organizations throughout our service territories to support hydrogen, solar and
other forms of renewable and alternative energy. We have invested in research
for alternative energy sources that might subsequently be determined to not be
cost-efficient or cost-effective, thus subjecting us to the risks of further
expanding our generation or purchasing additional power on the open market at
then-prevailing prices.

There are inherent potential risks in
the operation of nuclear facilities, including environmental, health,
regulatory, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the
shutdown of our nuclear units, which may present potential exposures in excess
of our insurance coverage.

PEC (four
units; 3,485 MW) and PEF (one unit; 838 MW) own and operate five nuclear units
that collectively represented approximately 4,323 MW, or 20 percent, of our
regulated generation capacity for the year ended December 31, 2007. In addition,
we are exploring the possibility of expanding our nuclear generating capacity
with two additional units at both PEC and PEF to meet future expected baseload
generation needs. Our nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, health
and financial risks such as the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel, the
ability to maintain adequate capital reserves for decommissioning, limitations
on amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities,
and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. We
maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the
financial exposure to these risks. However, damages from an accident or business
interruption at our nuclear units could exceed the amount of our insurance
coverage.

The NRC
has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of
noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license
conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions,
depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance
is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require us
to make substantial capital expenditures at our nuclear plants. In addition,
although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our
plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear
facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the
operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit.

Our
nuclear facilities have operating licenses that need to be renewed periodically.
We anticipate successful renewal of these licenses. However, potential terrorist
threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in an extended
process with higher licensing or compliance costs.

 31

We
are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require
significant capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations, and which may
impact or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental
liabilities.

We are
subject to numerous environmental regulations affecting many aspects of our
present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality,
wastewater discharges, solid waste, and hazardous waste production, handling and
disposal. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating
and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on
existing power plants and compliance plans with regard to new and existing power
plants. These laws and regulations generally require us to obtain and comply
with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, authorizations and other
approvals. Both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce
applicable environmental laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable
regulations might result in the imposition of fines and penalties by regulatory
authorities. We cannot provide assurance that existing environmental regulations
will not be revised or that new environmental regulations will not be adopted or
become applicable to us. Increased compliance costs or additional operating
restrictions from revised or additional regulation could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, particularly if those costs are not fully
recoverable from our ratepayers.

In
addition, we may be deemed a responsible party for environmental clean up at
sites identified by a regulatory body or private party. We cannot predict with
certainty the amount or timing of future expenditures related to environmental
matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean-up costs. There is also
uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose
joint and several liability on all PRPs. We have been identified as a PRP at 10
former MGP sites (eight at PEC and two at PEF). We are also currently in the
process of assessing potential costs and exposures at the Ward Transformer site,
the Carolina Transformer site and other sites. Both PEC and PEF evaluate
potential claims against other PRPs and insurance carriers and plan to submit
claims for cost recovery where appropriate. No material claims are currently
pending. While we accrue for probable costs that can be reasonably estimated,
not all costs can be reasonably estimated or accrued and actual costs may
materially exceed our accruals. Material costs in excess of our accruals could
have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.

There are
proposals and ongoing studies at the state (including North Carolina, South
Carolina and Florida), federal and international levels to address global
climate change that could result in the regulation of CO2 and other
greenhouse gases. Any future regulatory actions taken to address global climate
change represent a business risk to our operations. Reductions in CO
2 emissions
to the levels specified by some proposals could be materially adverse to our
financial position or results of operations if associated costs of control or
limitation cannot be recovered from ratepayers. The cost impact of legislation
or regulation to address global climate change would depend on the specific
legislation or regulation enacted and cannot be determined at this time. We have
articulated principles that we believe should be incorporated into any global
climate change policy. In 2007, we issued a corporate responsibility summary
report, which discusses our actions and in 2006, we issued our report to
shareholders regarding our assessment of global climate change and air quality
risks and our mitigating actions. While we participate in the development of a
national climate change policy framework, we will continue to actively engage
others in our region to develop consensus-based solutions, as we did with the
Clean Smokestacks Act.

Our
compliance with environmental regulations requires significant capital
expenditures that impact our financial condition. These costs are eligible for
regulatory recovery through either base rates or cost-recovery clauses.
Environmental compliance regulations require reduction of emissions of NOx,
SO2
and mercury from coal-fired power plants. We expect that future capital
expenditures required to meet the emission limits could be in excess of $700
million at PEC and in excess of $1.9 billion at PEF through 2018, which
corresponds to the latest emission reduction deadline. However, these costs
could be higher than currently expected and have an adverse impact on our
results of operations and financial condition.

The
operation of emission control equipment to meet the emission limits will
increase our operating costs, net of recovery of costs through cost-recovery
clauses, and reduce the generating capacity of our coal-fired plants. O&M
expenses will significantly increase due to the additional personnel, materials
and general maintenance associated with the equipment. Operation of the emission
control equipment will require the procurement of significant quantities of
reagents, such as limestone and ammonia. PEC’s reagent costs are eligible for
recovery under North 

 32

Carolina
and South Carolina energy laws passed in 2007. Future increases in demand for
these items from other utility companies operating similar equipment could
increase our costs associated with operating the equipment.

See Note
21 for additional discussion of environmental matters.

Because weather conditions directly
influence the demand for, our ability to provide, and the cost of providing
electricity, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows can
fluctuate on a seasonal or quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by
changes in weather conditions and severe weather.

Weather
conditions in our service territories directly influence the demand for
electricity and affect the price of energy commodities necessary to provide
electricity to our customers. As a result, our future overall operating results
may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have
historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather
conditions were mild. While we believe that the Utilities’ markets complement
each other during normal seasonal fluctuations, unusually mild weather could
diminish our results of operations and harm our financial
condition.

Sustained
severe drought conditions could impact operations at our fossil and nuclear
plants as these facilities use water for cooling purposes and in the operation
of environmental compliance equipment. Hydroelectric generating plants represent
approximately 2 percent of PEC’s generation capacity and they have been impacted
by the drought in the southeastern United States. Generation from these plants
has been reduced to conserve lake water and maintain adequate water flows
downstream from these facilities. Should drought conditions worsen, generation
at PEC’s hydroelectric facilities could be further reduced. PEF has no
hydroelectric generating plants.

Furthermore,
destruction caused by severe weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes,
severe thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, can result in lost operating revenues
due to outages; property damage, including downed transmission and distribution
lines; and additional and unexpected expenses to mitigate storm
damage.

Our
ability to recover significant costs resulting from severe weather events is
subject to regulatory oversight and the timing and amount of any such recovery
is uncertain and may impact our financial conditions.

We are
subject to incurring significant costs resulting from damage sustained during
severe weather events. While the Utilities have historically been granted
regulatory approval to recover or defer the majority of significant storm costs
incurred, the Utilities’ storm cost-recovery petitions may not always be granted
or may not be granted in a timely manner. If we cannot recover costs associated
with future severe weather events in a timely manner, or in an amount sufficient
to cover our actual costs, our financial conditions and results of operations
could be materially and adversely impacted.

Under a
regulatory order, PEF maintains a storm damage reserve account for major storms.
Due to the significant costs incurred to recover from the damage sustained
during the 2004 hurricane season, PEF’s storm damage reserve accounts were
depleted at December 31, 2005. During 2006, the FPSC approved a modified
settlement agreement that extended PEF’s existing two-year storm surcharge for
retail ratepayers for an additional 12-month period ending in August 2008. The
extension is expected to replenish PEF’s storm reserve by an estimated $126
million. In the event future storms cause the reserve to be depleted, the
modified settlement agreement provides for PEF to petition the FPSC for
implementation of an interim retail surcharge of at least 80 percent and up to
100 percent of the claimed deficiency of its storm reserve. The intervenors to
the settlement agreement agreed not to oppose recovery of 80 percent of a future
claimed deficiency but reserved the right to challenge the recovery of the
remaining 20 percent. The FPSC has the right to review PEF’s storm costs for
prudence. Storm reserve costs attributable to wholesale customers may be
amortized consistent with recovery of such amounts in wholesale rates, albeit at
a specified amount per year, which could result in an extended recovery period.
The wholesale transmission portion of the storm reserve will be recovered
through the OATT tariff that began in January 2008 and will continue for
approximately five years.

PEC does
not maintain a storm damage reserve account and does not have an ongoing
regulatory mechanism to recover storm costs. PEC has previously sought and
received permission from the NCUC and the SCPSC to defer storm expenses and
amortize them over five-year periods.

 33

Our
revenues, operating results and financial condition may fluctuate with the
economy and its corresponding impact on our customers as well as the demand and
competitive state of the wholesale market.

The
Utilities are impacted by the economic cycles of the customers we serve. For the
year ended December 31, 2007, residential customers represented approximately 37
percent and 52 percent of PEC’s and PEF’s billed electric revenues,
respectively. Consequently, as our service territories experience economic
downturns, residential customer consumption patterns may change and our revenues
may be negatively impacted. Additionally, our customers could voluntarily reduce
their consumption of electricity in response to decreases in their disposable
income or individual energy conservation efforts.

For the
year ended December 31, 2007, commercial and industrial customers represented
approximately 43 percent and 32 percent of PEC’s and PEF’s billed electric
revenues, respectively. Consequently, if our commercial and industrial customers
experience economic downturns, their consumption of electricity may drop and our
revenues can be negatively impacted. We have experienced declining revenues from
customers in the lumber and building material industry due to the current
downturn in the residential housing and construction market. In recent years,
PEC’s sales to industrial customers have been affected by downturns in the
textile and chemical industries.

For the
year ended December 31, 2007, 18 percent and 9 percent of PEC’s and PEF’s billed
electric revenues, respectively, were from wholesale sales. Wholesale revenues
fluctuate with regional demand, fuel prices and contracted capacity. Our
wholesale profitability is dependent upon our ability to renew or replace
expiring wholesale contracts on favorable terms and market
conditions.

In 2004,
the FERC issued orders concerning utilities’ ability to sell wholesale
electricity at market-based rates, including the adoption of two interim screens
for assessing an applicant’s potential generation market power for determining
whether the applicant should be allowed to sell wholesale electricity at
market-based rates. The Utilities do not have market-based rate authority for
wholesale sales in peninsular Florida. Given the difficulty PEC believed it
would experience in passing one of the interim screens, PEC filed revisions to
its market-based rate tariffs restricting PEC to sales outside of PEC’s control
area and peninsular Florida, and filed a new cost-based tariff for sales within
PEC’s control area. The FERC has accepted these revised tariffs. We do not
anticipate that the operations of the Utilities will be materially impacted by
these market-based rates decisions.

Increased commodity prices may
adversely affect various aspects of the Utilities’ operations as well as the
Utilities’ financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.

We are
exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal,
fuel oil, electricity and other energy-related commodities as a result of our
ownership of energy-related assets. We have hedging strategies in place to
mitigate fluctuations in commodity supply prices, but to the extent that we do
not cover our entire exposure to commodity price fluctuations, or our hedging
procedures do not work as planned, there can be no assurances that our financial
performance will not be negatively impacted by price fluctuations. Additionally,
we are exposed to risk that our counterparties will not be able to perform their
obligations. Should our counterparties fail to perform, we might be forced to
replace the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event,
we might incur losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the
counterparties.

Volatility
in market prices for fuel and power may result from, among other
items:

 ·  

 weather
 conditions;

 ·  

 seasonality;

 ·  

 power
 usage;

 ·  

 illiquid
 markets;

 ·  

 transmission
 or transportation constraints or
inefficiencies;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 demand
 for energy commodities;

 ·  

 natural
 gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal production
 levels;

 ·  

 natural
 disasters, wars, terrorism, embargoes and other catastrophic events;
 and

 ·  

 federal,
 state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
 legislation.

 34

In
addition, we anticipate significant capital expenditures for environmental
compliance and baseload generation. The completion of these projects within
established budgets is contingent upon many variables including the securing of
labor and materials at estimated costs. Recently, certain construction
commodities such as steel have experienced significant price increases due to
worldwide demand. Furthermore, higher worldwide demand for copper used in our
transmission and distribution lines has led to significant price increases. We
are subject to the risk that cost overages may not be recoverable from
ratepayers and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may
be adversely impacted.

Prices
for SO2 emission
allowance credits under the EPA’s emission trading program fluctuate. While
SO
2
allowances are eligible for annual recovery in PEF’s jurisdictions in Florida
and PEC’s in South Carolina, no such annual recovery exists in North Carolina
for PEC. Future increases in the price of SO
2 allowances
could have a significant adverse financial impact on us and PEC and
consequently, on our results of operations and cash flows.

The
rates that PEC and PEF may charge retail customers for electric power are
subject to the authority of state regulators. Accordingly, our profit margins
could be adversely affected if we do not control and prudently manage costs to
the satisfaction of regulators.

The NCUC,
the SCPSC and the FPSC each exercises regulatory authority for review and
approval of the retail electric power rates charged within its respective state.
The Utilities’ state utility commissions allow recovery of certain costs through
various cost-recovery clauses. A portion of these future costs could potentially
be deemed imprudent by the Utilities’ respective commissions. There is also a
delay between the timing of when such costs are incurred and when the costs are
recovered from the ratepayers. This lag can adversely impact the cash flow of
the Utilities and, consequently, our interest expense.

With the
Utilities’ expected increased expenditures for environmental compliance,
baseload generation and higher commodity prices, we anticipate that the
Utilities’ operations will be subject to an even higher level of scrutiny from
regulators, policymakers and ratepayers. State regulators may not allow PEC and
PEF to increase future retail rates in the manner or to the extent requested or
may seek to reduce or freeze retail rates.

PEC’s
five-year base rate freeze expired in December 2007. Beginning in 2008, PEC’s
current North Carolina base rates will continue subject to traditional
cost-based rate regulation. PEF currently operates under a base rate freeze, in
which base rates can only be changed under certain circumstances. The costs
incurred by PEC and PEF are not generally subject to being fixed or reduced by
state regulators. The Utilities’ results of operations could be negatively
impacted if the Utilities do not manage their costs effectively. Our ability to
maintain our profit margins depends upon stable demand for electricity and
management of our costs.

As a holding company with no
revenue-generating operations, the Parent is dependent on upstream cash flows
from its subsidiaries, primarily the Utilities. As a result, our ability to meet
our ongoing and future debt service and other financial obligations and to pay
dividends on our common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash
flows of our operating subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends
or to repay funds due to us.

The
Parent is a holding company and as such, has no revenue-generating operations of
its own. The Parent’s ability to meet its financial obligations associated with
the debt service obligations on $2.6 billion of holding company debt and to pay
dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and
cash flows of its operating subsidiaries, primarily the Utilities, and the
ability of its subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds
due the Parent. Prior to funding the Parent, its subsidiaries have
financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, their
respective debt service, preferred dividends and obligations to trade creditors.
Should the Utilities not be able to pay dividends or repay funds due to the
Parent, the Parent’s ability to pay interest and dividends would be
restricted.

 35

Our business is dependent on our
ability to successfully access capital markets on favorable terms. Limits on our
access to capital may adversely impact our ability to execute our business plan,
pursue improvements or make acquisitions that we would otherwise rely on for
future growth.

Our cash
requirements are driven by the capital-intensive nature of our Utilities. In
addition to operating cash flows, we rely heavily on commercial paper and
long-term debt. If access to these sources of liquidity becomes constrained, our
ability to implement our business strategy will be adversely affected. We
believe that we will continue to have sufficient access to these financial
markets based upon our current credit ratings. However, market disruptions
beyond our control or a downgrade of our credit ratings could increase our cost
of borrowing and may adversely affect our ability to access the financial
markets.

Based on
our current plans, which are subject to periodic review and change, we expect
capital expenditures of $8.4 billion and debt maturities of $1.7 billion over
the next three years. If we cannot fund these needs through normal operations or
by accessing capital markets, our business plans, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows may be adversely impacted.

We issue
commercial paper to meet short-term liquidity needs. In the latter half of 2007,
the short-term credit markets tightened, resulting in higher interest rate
spreads and shorter durations. Currently, the market has improved; however,
there has been volatility on commercial paper spreads, as the supply of
short-term commercial paper has increased following recent actions by the
Federal Open Market Committee. If liquidity conditions deteriorate and
negatively impact the commercial paper market, we will need to evaluate other
options for meeting our short-term liquidity needs, which may include borrowing
from our revolving credit agreements (RCAs), issuing short-term floating rate
notes, and/or issuing long-term debt. These alternative sources of liquidity may
not have comparable favorable terms and thus, may impact adversely our business
plans, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Increases in our leverage could
adversely affect our competitive position, business planning and flexibility,
financial condition, ability to service our debt obligations and to pay
dividends on our common stock, and ability to access capital on favorable
terms.

As
discussed above, we rely heavily on our commercial paper and long-term debt. At
December 31, 2007, commercial paper and bank borrowings and long-term debt
balances were as follows (in millions):

 Company

 Outstanding
 Commercial Paper

 Total Long-Term
 Debt, Net

 Progress
 Energy, unconsolidated (a)

$

201

$

2,597

 PEC

–

3,183

 PEF

–

2,686

 Florida
 Progress Funding Corporation

–

271

 Progress
 Energy, consolidated (b)

$

201

$

8,737

 (a)

 Represents
 solely the outstanding indebtedness of the
 Parent.

 (b)

 Net
 of current portion, which at December 31, 2007, was $877 million on a
 consolidated basis.

At
December 31, 2007, we had an aggregate of three committed RCAs that supported
our commercial paper programs totaling $2.030 billion. Our internal financial
policy precludes us from issuing commercial paper in excess of our revolving
credit lines. At December 31, 2007, we had $201 million reserved for outstanding
commercial paper balance and a total amount of $19 million of letters of credit
issued, leaving an additional $1.810 billion available for future borrowing
under our revolving credit lines.

As
described in Note 12, our credit agreements contain certain provisions and
impose various limitations that could impact our liquidity, such as
cross-default provisions and defined maximum total debt to total capital
(leverage) ratios. Under these revolving credit facilities, indebtedness
includes certain letters of credit and guarantees which are not recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 36

As
described in MD&A – “Strategy” and MD&A – “Future Liquidity and Capital
Resources,” we are anticipating extensive capital needs for new generation,
transmission and distribution facilities, and environmental compliance
expenditures. Funding these capital needs could increase our leverage and
present numerous risks including those addressed below.

In the
event our leverage increases such that we approach the permitted ratios, our
access to capital and additional liquidity could decrease. A limitation in our
liquidity could have a material adverse impact on our business strategy and our
ongoing financing needs. Additionally, a significant increase in our leverage
could adversely affect us by:

 ·  

 increasing
 the cost of future debt financing;

 ·  

 impacting
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock at the current
 rate;

 ·  

 making
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our existing financial
 obligations;

 ·  

 limiting
 our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, for working
 capital, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other
 purposes;

 ·  

 increasing
 our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
 conditions;

 ·  

 requiring
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
 debt repayment thereby reducing funds available for operations, future
 business opportunities or other
purposes;

 ·  

 limiting
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business
 and the industry in which we
compete;

 ·  

 requiring
 the issuance of additional equity;

 ·  

 placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who have less
 debt; and

 ·  

 causing
 a downgrade in our credit
ratings.

Changes
in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, which would
increase interest expense on our floating rate debt, and reduce funds available
to us for our current plans.

Any
reduction in our credit ratings below investment grade would likely increase our
borrowing costs, limit our access to additional capital and require posting of
collateral, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

While the
long-term target credit ratings for the Parent and the Utilities are above the
minimum investment grade rating, we cannot provide certainty that any of our
current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its
judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Our debt indentures and credit
agreements do not contain any “ratings triggers,” which would cause the
acceleration of interest and principal payments in the event of a ratings
downgrade. Any downgrade could increase our borrowing costs and may adversely
affect our access to capital, which could negatively impact our financial
results and business plans. We note that the ratings from credit agencies are
not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities or those of PEC or PEF
and that each agency’s rating should be evaluated independently of any other
agency’s rating.

Our
ability to fully utilize tax credits generated under Section 29/45K may be
limited. This risk is not applicable to PEC and PEF.

In
accordance with the provisions of Section 29/45K, we have generated tax credits
based on the content and quantity of synthetic fuels produced and sold to
unrelated parties. This tax credit program expired at the end of 2007. We have
received favorable private letter rulings from the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) on all of our synthetic fuels facilities. The timing of the utilization of
the tax credits is dependent upon our taxable income, which can be impacted by a
number of factors. Additionally, in the normal course of business, our tax
returns are audited by the IRS. If our tax credits were disallowed in whole or
in part as a result of an IRS audit, there could be significant additional tax
liabilities and associated interest for previously recognized tax credits, which
could have a material adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. Although we
are unaware of any currently proposed legislation or new IRS regulations or
interpretations impacting previously recorded synthetic fuels tax credits, the
value of credits generated could be unfavorably impacted by such legislation or
IRS regulations and interpretations.

 37

Market
performance and other changes may decrease the value of nuclear decommissioning
trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then could require significant
additional funding.

The
performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are
held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission the Utilities’
nuclear plants and under our defined benefit pension and other postretirement
benefit plans. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold
significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market
fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our
projected rates of return. A decline in the market value of the assets may
increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission the
Utilities’ nuclear plants and under our defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the
liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the
liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, the
funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefit plans may
increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant
demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life
expectancy assumptions. If we are unable to successfully manage the nuclear
decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, our results of operation
and financial position could be negatively affected.

Our nonregulated businesses are
involved in operations that are subject to significant operational and financial
risks that may reduce our revenues and adversely impact our results of
operations and financial condition. These risks are not applicable to PEC and
PEF.

We are
exposed to operational risk resulting from our coal mining and terminal
operations. Such conditions include unexpected maintenance problems, key
equipment failures and variations in geologic conditions. The states in which we
operate coal mines have state programs for mine safety and health regulation and
enforcement. We actively manage the operational risks associated with these
businesses. Nonetheless, adverse changes in operational issues beyond our
control may result in losses in our earnings or cash flows and adversely affect
our balance sheet.

As of
December 31, 2007, our remaining coal mining operations have been idled. As
discussed in Note 3G, on December 24, 2007, we signed an agreement to sell the
remaining net assets of the coal mining and terminals operations
businesses.