Investing
 in the securities of the Progress Registrants involves risks, including the
 risks described below, that could affect the Progress Registrants and their
 businesses, as well as the energy industry generally. Most of the business
 information as well as the financial and operational data contained in our
 are updated periodically in the reports the Progress Registrants file
 with the SEC. Although the Progress Registrants have tried to discuss key risk
 factors, please be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the
 future. New risks may emerge at any time and the Progress Registrants cannot
 predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect their
 financial performance. Before purchasing securities of the Progress Registrants,
 you should carefully consider the following risks and the other information
 in
 this combined Annual Report, as well as the documents the Progress Registrants
 file with the SEC from time to time. Each of the risks described below could
 result in a decrease in the value of the securities of the Progress Registrants
 and your investment therein.

Solely
 with respect to this ITEM 1A, “Risk Factors” unless the context otherwise
 requires or the disclosure otherwise indicates, references to “we,” “us” or
“our” are to each of the individual Progress Registrants and the matters
 discussed are generally applicable to each Progress Registrant.

We
 are subject to fluid and complex government regulations that may have a negative
 impact on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations

.

We
 are
 subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local
 regulatory agencies, which significantly influence our operating environment
 and
 may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers. We are subject
 to regulatory oversight with respect to,

among
 other things, rates and service for electric energy sold at retail, retail
 service territory and issuances of securities. In addition, the Utilities are
 subject to federal regulation with respect to transmission and sales of
 wholesale power, accounting and certain other matters. We are also required
 to
 have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the agencies that
 regulate our business. We believe the necessary permits, approvals and
 certificates have been obtained for our existing operations and that our
 business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, we are unable
 to predict the impact on our operating results from the future regulatory
 activities of any of these agencies. Changes in regulations or the imposition
 of
 additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of
 operations.

On
 August
 8, 2005, the EPACT was signed into law. This new federal law contains key
 provisions affecting the electric power industry. These provisions include
 tax
 changes for the utility industry, incentives for emissions reductions, federal
 insurance and incentives to build new nuclear power plants, repeal of PUHCA
 effective February 8, 2006, and certain protections for native retail load
 customers of utilities with an obligation to serve. It gives the FERC "backstop"
 transmission siting authority as well as increased utility merger oversight.
 The
 law also provides incentives and funding for clean coal technologies and
 initiatives to voluntarily reduce greenhouse gases and redesignates the Section
 29 tax credit as a Section 45K general business credit. See Note 23D for
 additional information on the redesignation of the Section 29 tax credits.
 In
 addition, the law requires both the FERC and the DOE to study how utilities
 dispatch their resources to meet the needs of their customers. The results
 of
 these studies or any related actions taken by DOE could impact the Utilities’
system operations.

The
 law
 requires the FERC to issue certain regulations implementing EPACT within 120
 days of enactment. The FERC has commenced the rulemaking process and it is
 ongoing. We have reviewed the proposed rules and are participating in the public
 comment process. The FERC has issued a final rule regarding mergers and
 disposition of utility assets which requires FERC approval of: the sale or
 disposition of wholesale power contracts, or transmission or existing generation
 facilities with a value in excess of $10 million; the merger or consolidation
 of
 any or all of a public utility’s facilities with any other person; and the
 purchase or acquisition of any securities with a value in excess of $10 million
 of any other public utility. The FERC’s new rule implementing its new
 responsibilities resulting from the repeal of PUHCA provides that going forward,
 holding companies with an interest in a public utility must comply with the
 FERC’s document retention and accounting rules, maintain and make available to
 the FERC their books and records that are relevant to the public utility’s
 costs, and account for costs incurred by a public utility as a result of an
 affiliate transaction pursuant to the FERC’s policies. We cannot currently
 predict what impact issuance of the remaining final rules, or the interpretation
 and implementation of any new rules, will have on our business operations,
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 29

In
 response to rising fuel costs and the extensive hurricane-related power outages
 and costs experienced in the past two years in Florida, there is currently
 considerable discussion about energy issues at both the FPSC and Florida
 legislature. However, the outcome of these matters on PEF cannot be predicted.

The
 FERC,
 the NRC, the EPA, the NCUC, the FPSC, and the SCPSC regulate many aspects of
 our
 utility operations, including siting and construction of facilities, customer
 service and the rates that we can charge customers. 
We
 are
 unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from future
 regulatory activities of these federal, state and local agencies. Changes in
 regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could have a negative
 impact on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

We
 are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require
 significant capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations, and which
 may
 impact or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental
 liabilities.

We
 are
 subject to numerous environmental regulations affecting many aspects of our
 present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality,
 wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste production, handling
 and
 disposal. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating,
 and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on
 power plant operations. These laws and regulations generally require us to
 obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits,
 authorizations and other approvals. Both public officials and private
 individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations.
 We cannot predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related
 adjudication or litigation that may arise.

In
 addition, we may be deemed a responsible party for environmental clean up at
 sites identified by a regulatory body. We cannot predict with certainty the
 amount or timing of future expenditures related to environmental matters because
 of the difficulty of estimating clean up costs. There is also uncertainty in
 quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several
 liability on all PRPs.

There
 are
 proposals to address global climate change that would regulate carbon dioxide
 (CO
2

)
 and
 other greenhouse gases. Any future regulatory actions taken to address global
 climate change represent a business risk to our operations. In 2005, we
 initiated a study to assess the impact of constraints on CO
2

 and
 other air emissions. We plan to issue this report by March 31,
 2006.

We
 have
 articulated principles that we believe should be incorporated into any global
 climate change policy. While we participate in the development of a national
 climate change policy framework, we will continue to actively engage others
 in
 our region to develop consensus-based solutions, as we did with the 2002
 North Carolina Clean Smokestacks Act.

Our
 compliance with environmental regulations requires significant capital
 expenditures that impact our financial condition. Under Florida law, these
 expenditures are eligible for recovery outside of base rates under an
 environmental cost recovery clause. There is no comparable treatment of these
 types of expenditures under North Carolina or South Carolina law. Clean air
 regulations require reduction of emissions of nitrogen oxide (NOx),
 SO
2

 and
 mercury from coal-fired power plants. We expect the future capital expenditures
 required to meet the emission limits, a portion of which are eligible for
 regulatory recovery, will be in excess of $1.0 billion each at PEC and PEF,
 respectively, through 2018, which corresponds to the latest emission reduction
 deadline. However, these costs could be higher than currently expected and
 have
 an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

The
 operation of emission control equipment to meet the emission limits will
 increase our operating costs and could reduce the generating capacity of our
 coal-fired plants. Operation and maintenance costs will significantly increase
 due to the additional personnel, materials and general maintenance associated
 with the equipment. The emission control equipment will require the procurement
 of significant quantities of limestone and ammonia. Future increases in demand
 for these items from other utility companies operating the same equipment could
 increase the costs associated with operating the equipment.

For
 additional discussion of environmental matters, see Note
 22.

 30

We
 cannot
 provide assurance that existing environmental regulations will not be revised
 or
 that new regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted
 or
 become applicable to us. Revised or additional regulations, which result in
 increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly
 if
 those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers, could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

Because
 weather conditions directly influence the demand for and cost of providing
 electricity, our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and
 ability to pay dividends on our common stock can fluctuate on a seasonal or
 quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions
 and severe weather

.

Our
 results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and ability to pay
 dividends on our common stock may be affected by changing weather conditions.
 Weather conditions in our service territories, primarily North Carolina, South
 Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, directly influence the demand for electricity
 and affect the price of energy commodities necessary to provide electricity
 to
 our customers and energy commodities that our nonregulated businesses sell.

Electric
 power demand is generally a seasonal business. In many parts of the country,
 demand for power and market prices peak during the summer months. In other
 areas, power demand peaks during the winter months. As a result, our overall
 operating results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.
 The pattern of this fluctuation may change depending on the nature and location
 of facilities we acquire and the terms of power sale contracts into which we
 enter. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently
 earned less income, when weather conditions are mild. While we believe that
 our
 North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida markets complement each
 other during normal seasonal fluctuations, unusually mild weather could diminish
 our results of operations and harm our financial condition.

Furthermore,
 severe weather in these states, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, severe
 thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, can be destructive causing outages resulting
 in lost operating revenues, incurring property damage, downing power lines
 and
 requiring us to incur additional and unexpected expenses. 

Our
 ability to recover significant costs resulting from severe weather events is
 subject to regulatory oversight and the timing and amount of any such recovery
 is uncertain and may impact our financial conditions.

We
 are
 subject to incurring significant costs resulting from severe weather. While
 PEF
 was granted regulatory approval in 2005 to recover significant storm costs
 incurred in 2004 for the four hurricanes that impacted our service territory,
 PEC’s and PEF’s storm cost recovery petitions may not always be
 granted.

Under
 a
 regulatory order, PEF maintains a storm damage reserve account for major storms.
 Due to the significant costs incurred to recover from the 2004 hurricanes,
 PEF’s
 storm damage reserve accounts were largely depleted at December 31, 2005. PEF
 is
 currently considering alternatives for replenishing its storm damage reserve
 account such as issuing securitized bonds or otherwise seeking replenishment
 from retail ratepayers. Storm reserve costs attributable to wholesale customers
 may be amortized consistent with recovery of such amounts in wholesale rates,
 albeit at a specified amount per year resulting in an extended recovery period.

PEC
 does
 not maintain a storm damage reserve account and does not have an on-going
 regulatory mechanism to recover storm costs. PEC has previously sought and
 received permission from the NCUC and the SCPSC to defer storm expenses and
 amortize them over five-year periods. PEC did not seek deferral of storm costs
 from the NCUC or SCPSC during 2005.

If
 we
 cannot recover costs associated with future significant weather events in a
 timely manner, or in an amount sufficient to cover our actual costs, or if
 our
 storm reserve is inadequate, our financial conditions and results of operations
 could be materially and adversely impacted.

Our
 revenues, operating results and
 financial condition may fluctuate with the economy and its corresponding impact
 on our commercial and industrial customers as well as the demand and competitive
 state of the wholesale market.

 31

Our
 business is impacted by fluctuations in the macroeconomy. For the year ended
 December 31, 2005, commercial and industrial customers represented approximately
 42% and 33% of PEC’s and PEF’s billed electric revenues, respectively. As a
 result, changes in the macroeconomy can have negative impacts on our revenues.
 As our commercial and industrial customers experience economic hardships, our
 revenues can be negatively impacted. In recent years, in North and South
 Carolina, sales to industrial customers have been affected by downturns in
 the
 textile and chemical industries. 

For
 the
 year ended December 31, 2005, 19% and 9% of PEC’s and PEF’s billed electric
 revenues, respectively, were from wholesale sales. Wholesale revenues fluctuate
 with regional demand, fuel prices, and contracted capacity. Our wholesale
 profitability is dependent upon our ability to renew or replace expiring
 wholesale contracts on favorable terms and market conditions.

In
 April
 2004, the FERC issued two orders concerning utilities’ ability to sell wholesale
 electricity at market-based rates. In the first order, the FERC adopted two
 new
 interim screens for assessing potential generation market power of applicants
 for wholesale market-based rates, and described additional analyses and
 mitigation measures that could be presented if an applicant does not pass one
 of
 these interim screens. In July 2004, the FERC issued a second order that
 affirmed its April order and initiated a rulemaking to consider whether the
 FERC’s current methodology for determining whether a public utility should be
 allowed to sell wholesale electricity at market-based rates should be modified
 in any way. PEC and PEF do not have market-based rate authority for wholesale
 sales in peninsular Florida. Given the difficulty PEC believed it would
 experience in passing one of the interim screens, on September 6, 2005, PEC
 filed revisions to its market-based rate tariffs restricting PEC’s authority to
 sell power in the wholesale market at market-based rates to areas outside of
 PEC’s control area and peninsular Florida, and a new cost-based tariff for sales
 within PEC’s control area consistent with the FERC’s default cost-based rate
 methodologies for sales of one year or less. The FERC has accepted these
 revisions. Although we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these changes,
 we
 do not anticipate that the current operations of the Utilities will be
 materially impacted by their inability to sell power at market-based rates
 in
 their respective control areas. 

Deregulation
 or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition
 and unrecovered costs. Increased competition may also result from power industry
 consolidation. Increased competition could adversely affect the financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows of us and our utilities’
businesses

.

Increased
 competition resulting from deregulation or restructuring efforts or from
 industry consolidation could have a significant adverse financial impact on
 us
 and consequently, on our results of operations and cash flows. Increased
 competition could result in increased pressure to lower costs, including the
 cost of electricity. Retail competition and the unbundling of regulated energy
 and gas service could have a significant adverse financial impact on us and
 our
 subsidiaries due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower
 profit margins or increased costs of capital. Several significant mergers and
 acquisitions in the power industry were announced during 2005. We may experience
 increased competition in our nonregulated businesses as we compete with larger
 entities that may have more capital and financial resources and are able to
 leverage their economies of scale. Furthermore, if we decide to expand
 operations, we may encounter significant competition for future acquisition
 opportunities. 

Because
 we have not previously operated in a competitive retail environment, we cannot
 predict the extent and timing of entry by additional competitors into the
 electric markets. Due to several factors, however, there currently is little
 discussion of any movement toward deregulation in North Carolina, South Carolina
 and Florida. We cannot predict when we will be subject to changes in legislation
 or regulation nor can we predict the impact of these changes on our financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows.

 Increased
 commodity prices may adversely affect our financial condition, results of
 operations or cash flows
.

We
 are
 exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas,
 coal,
 fuel oil, electricity and other energy-related products marketed and purchased
 as a result of our ownership of energy-related assets. Energy commodity price
 fluctuations impact PEC and PEF as well as our nonregulated businesses. While
 each state commission allows electric utilities to recover certain of these
 costs through various cost recovery clauses, there is the potential that
 a
 portion of these future costs could be deemed imprudent by the respective
 commissions. There is also a delay between the timing of when these costs
 are
 incurred and when these costs are recovered from the 

 32

ratepayers,
 which can adversely impact the cash flow of the Utilities. 
In
 addition, the under-recovery of fuel costs can also negatively impact our
 interest expense and leverage and rising fuel costs can also lead to higher
 electric utility rates which can negatively impact customer
 satisfaction.

Our
 nonregulated energy businesses also purchase fuel commodities to fulfill their
 operating needs. Some of their wholesale power supply contracts are at fixed
 prices; consequently, higher commodity prices could result in decreased
 margins.

Volatility
 in market prices for fuel and power may result from:

  §  

 weather
 conditions;

 §  

 seasonality;

 §  

 power
 usage;

 §  

 illiquid
 markets;

 §  

 transmission
 or transportation constraints or
 inefficiencies;

 §  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 §  

 demand
 for energy commodities;

 §  

 natural
 gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal production
 levels;

 §  

 natural
 disasters, wars, terrorism, embargoes and other catastrophic events;
 and

 §  

 federal,
 state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
 legislation.

Prices
 for 
SO
2

 emission
 allowance credits under the EPA’s emission trading program increased
 significantly during 2005. While 
SO
2

 allowances are eligible for annual recovery in PEF’s jurisdictions in Florida
 and PEC’s in South Carolina, no such annual recovery exists in North Carolina
 for PEC. Future increases in the price of 
SO
2

 allowances could have a significant adverse financial impact on us and PEC
 and
 consequently, on our results of operations and cash flows.

As
 a holding company with no operations, the Parent is dependent on upstream cash
 flows from its subsidiaries, primarily our regulated utilities. As a result,
 our
 ability to meet our ongoing and future debt service and other financial
 obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock is primarily dependent
 on
 the earnings and cash flows of our operating subsidiaries and their ability
 to
 pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to us

.

The
 Parent is a holding company and as such, has no operations of its own. The
 Parent’s ability to meet its financial obligations associated with the debt
 service obligations on $4.3 billion of holding company debt and to pay dividends
 on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of
 its
 operating subsidiaries, primarily its regulated utilities, and the ability
 of
 its subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to the Parent.
 Prior to funding the Parent, its subsidiaries have financial obligations that
 must be satisfied, including among others, their respective debt service,
 preferred dividends and obligations to trade creditors. For the year ending
 December 31, 2005, the Utilities generated approximately 100 percent of
 consolidated cash from operations. Other sources of cash include the issuance
 of
 equity, short-term and long-term debt, asset sales and intercompany charges
 for
 capital costs. 

The
 rates that PEC and PEF may charge retail customers for electric power are
 subject to the authority of state regulators. Accordingly, our profit margins
 could be adversely affected if we do not control operating and capital
 investment costs.

The
 NCUC,
 the SCPSC and the FPSC each exercises regulatory authority for review and
 approval of the retail electric power rates charged within its respective state.
 State regulators may not allow PEC and PEF to increase retail rates in the
 manner or to the extent requested by those subsidiaries. State regulators may
 also seek to reduce or freeze retail rates. 

Both
 PEC and PEF currently operate under rate
 freezes, in which rates can only be changed under certain circumstances. The
 costs incurred by PEC and PEF are generally not subject to being fixed or
 reduced by state regulators. There is a risk that the Utilities’ results of
 operations could be negatively impacted if the Utilities do not

 33

 manage
 their costs effectively. Our ability to maintain our profit margins depends
 upon
 stable demand for electricity and our efforts to manage our costs.

There
 are inherent potential risks in the operation of nuclear facilities, including
 environmental, health, regulatory, terrorism, and financial risks that could
 result in fines or the shutdown of our nuclear units, which may present
 potential exposures in excess of our insurance
 coverage

.

PEC
 (four
 units; 3,485 MW) and PEF (one unit; 838 MW) own and operate five nuclear units
 that collectively represent approximately 4,323 MW, or 20%, of our regulated
 generation capacity for the year ended December 31, 2005. Our nuclear facilities
 are subject to environmental, health and financial risks such as the ability
 to
 dispose of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate capital reserves
 for decommissioning, potential liabilities arising out of the operation of
 these
 facilities, and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist
 attacks. We maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage
 to
 minimize the financial exposure to these risks. However, it is possible that
 damages from an accident or business interruption at our nuclear units could
 exceed the amount of our insurance coverage.

The
 NRC
 has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
 requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event
 of
 noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or to shut down a
 unit,
 or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until
 compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC
 could
 require us to make substantial capital expenditures at our nuclear plants.
 In
 addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident
 at
 our plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect
 our results of operations or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear
 facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the
 operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit.

From
 time
 to time, our facilities require licenses that need to be renewed or extended
 in
 order to continue operating. We do not anticipate any problems renewing these
 licenses as required. However, as a result of potential terrorist threats and
 increased public scrutiny of utilities, the licensing process could result
 in
 increased licensing or compliance costs that are difficult or impossible to
 predict.

Meeting
 the anticipated growth in our service territories requires a balanced solution
 that includes energy conservation and efficiency programs, development and
 deployment of new technologies and the potential need to increase our baseload
 generation within the next decade. Increasing our generation capacity could
 involve the construction of new generation facilities, including nuclear, for
 which we would have to comply with a significant number of federal and state
 regulations. There are uncertainties that we will be able to obtain needed
 licenses for construction of new generation facilities or successfully and
 timely complete their construction. In addition, there are uncertainties that
 the cost of new generation facilities and new programs will be recoverable
 through our base rates.

We
 are
 currently evaluating our options for future baseload generation needs. Both
 nuclear and coal technologies are being explored in parallel paths. At this
 time, no definitive decision has been made regarding the construction of either
 nuclear or coal plants, or both. Additional capacity needs may be displaced
 by
 purchased power agreements, cogeneration contract extensions or other sources
 based on on-going economic and non-economic evaluations.

If
 we
 decide to construct new generation facilities or expand existing facilities,
 there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully and timely complete
 the projects. Should any such efforts be unsuccessful, we could be subject
 to
 additional costs and/or the write-off of our investment in the project or
 improvement. Furthermore, we have no assurance that costs incurred to construct
 or expand generation facilities will be recoverable through our base
 rates.

The
 decision to build a baseload power plant will be based on several factors
 including power market conditions, competing fuel prices, the regulatory
 environment, the status of permanent used nuclear fuel storage and the ability
 to obtain financing. 
The
 construction of a new baseload plant will require a significant amount of
 capital expenditures. We cannot provide certainty that adequate external
 financing will be available to support the construction. Additionally, any
 borrowings incurred to finance the construction expenditures may adversely
 impact our leverage and our results of operations.

 34

The
 construction of a new nuclear power plant requires a number of conditions to
 be
 successful. The conditions include, but are not limited to: the continued
 operation of the industries’ existing nuclear fleet in a safe, reliable, and
 cost-effective manner; the use of standardized plants and an efficient licensing
 process; the ability to raise capital on reasonable terms; a viable program
 for
 managing spent nuclear fuel; and both public and policymaker support. We cannot
 provide certainty that these conditions will exist.

We
 have
 announced that we are pursuing development of COL applications. Our announcement
 is not a commitment to build a nuclear plant. It is a necessary step to keep
 open the option of building a potential plant or plants. 
On
 January 23, 2006, we announced that PEC has selected the Harris site to evaluate
 for possible future nuclear expansion and we announced the selection of the
 Westinghouse Electric AP-1000 reactor design as the technology upon which to
 base the potential application submission. 
We
 currently expect to file the application for the COL for PEC’s Harris site in
 late September or early October 2007. We expect to file the application for
 the
 COL for an as-yet unspecified site in Florida in late 2007 or first quarter
 2008. We plan to announce the selection of the Florida site in spring 2006.
 If
 we receive approval from the NRC, and if the decision to build is made,
 construction could begin as early as 2010, and a new plant could be online
 around 2016.

We
 estimate that it will take approximately 36 months for the NRC to review the
 COL
 applications and grant approval. 

One
 consideration that would improve the economics of the nuclear option is whether
 the plant will be eligible for the federal production tax credits and risk
 insurance provided for by EPACT. EPACT provides for an annual tax credit of
 1.8
 cents/kilowatt hour (kWh) for nuclear facilities for the first eight years
 of
 operation. However, the credit is limited to the first 6,000 MW of new nuclear
 generation in the United States and has an annual cap of $125 million per unit.
 The credit allocation process among new nuclear plants has not been determined.
 There are other utilities that have announced plans to pursue new nuclear
 plants. There is no guarantee that any nuclear plant constructed by us would
 qualify for these additional incentives. Failure to qualify for these incentives
 could significantly impact the economics of building a nuclear
 facility.

While
 we
 currently estimate that we will need to increase our baseload capacity, our
 assumptions regarding future growth and resulting power demand in our service
 territories may not be realized. If anticipated growth levels are not realized,
 we may increase our baseload capacity and have excess capacity. This excess
 capacity may exceed reserve margins established by the NCUC, SCPSC and FPSC
 to
 meet our obligation to serve retail customers and as a result, may not be
 recoverable in base rates. 

Our
 financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generating
 facilities by our subsidiaries and our ability to deliver electricity to our
 customers.

Operating
 electric generating facilities and delivery systems involves many risks,
 including:

 §  

 operator
 error and breakdown or failure of equipment or
 processes;

 §  

 operating
 limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory
 requirements;

 §  

 labor
 disputes; 

 §  

 fuel
 supply interruptions; and 

 §  

 catastrophic
 events such as hurricanes, fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods,
 terrorist attacks, pandemic health events such as avian influenza
 or other
 similar occurrences.

A
 decrease or elimination of revenues generated from our subsidiaries’ electric
 generating facilities and electricity delivery systems or an increase in the
 cost of operating the facilities could have an adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations.

 Our
 business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets.
 Our
 inability to access capital may limit our ability to execute our business
 plan,
 or pursue improvements and make acquisitions that we may otherwise rely on
 for
 future growth
.

We
 rely
 on access to both short-term and long-term capital markets, and lines of
 credit
 with commercial banks as a significant source of liquidity for capital
 requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from our operations. If we are

 35

not
 able
 to access these sources of liquidity, our ability to implement our strategy
 will
 be adversely affected. We believe that we will maintain sufficient access to
 these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. However, certain
 market disruptions or a downgrade of our credit rating to below investment
 grade
 would increase our cost of borrowing and may adversely affect our ability to
 access one or more financial markets. Market disruptions create a unique
 uncertainty as they typically result from factors beyond our control. Such
 market disruptions could include:

•

an
 economic downturn;

•

the
 bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company;

•

capital
 market conditions generally;

•

allegations
 of corporate scandal at unrelated companies
;

 •

market
 prices for electricity and gas;

 •

terrorist
 attacks or threatened attacks on our facilities or unrelated energy companies;
 or

 •

the
 overall health of the utility industry.

In
 addition, we believe that these market disruptions, unrelated to our business,
 could result in a ratings downgrade and, correspondingly, increase our cost
 of
 capital. Additional risks regarding the impact of a ratings downgrade are
 discussed below. Restrictions

 on our
 ability to access financial markets may affect our ability to execute our
 business plan as scheduled. An inability to access capital may limit our ability
 to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may otherwise rely on for future
 growth.

Increases
 in our leverage could adversely affect our competitive position, business
 planning and flexibility, financial condition, ability to service our debt
 obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock, and ability to access
 capital on favorable terms

.

Our
 cash
 requirements arise primarily from the capital-intensive nature of our electric
 utilities. In addition to operating cash flows, we rely heavily on our
 commercial paper and long-term debt. At December 31, 2005, commercial paper
 and
 bank borrowings and long-term debt balances were as follows (in
 millions):      

 Company

 Outstanding
 Commercial Paper

 Total Long-Term
 Debt, Net

 Progress
 Energy, unconsolidated (a)

  $     -

 $ 
 3,874 

 PEC

 73

 3,667

 PEF

 102

 2,554

 Other
 subsidiaries (b)

 -

 351

 Progress
 Energy, consolidated (c)

 $
 175

 $
 10,446

  (a)

 Represents
 solely the outstanding indebtedness of the
 Parent.

  (b) 

 Includes
 the following subsidiaries: Florida Progress Funding Corporation
 ($270 million) and Progress Capital Holdings, Inc. ($81
 million).

  (c)

 Net
 of current portion, which at December 31, 2005, was $513 million
 on a
 consolidated basis. 

At
 December 31, 2005, we classified $397 million, related to the retirement of
 $800
 million of Progress Energy, Inc. 6.75% Senior Notes on March 1, 2006, as
 long-term debt. Settlement of this obligation is not expected to require the
 use
 of working capital in 2006 as we have the intent and ability to refinance this
 debt on a long-term basis. On January 13, 2006, Progress Energy, Inc. issued
 $300 million of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2016 and $100 million of Series A
 Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2010, receiving net proceeds of $397 million.
 These senior notes are unsecured. 

At
 December 31, 2005, we had an aggregate of three committed revolving credit
 agreements (RCAs) that supported our commercial paper programs totaling $2.030
 billion. While our internal financial policy precludes us from issuing
 commercial paper in excess of our revolving credit lines, at December 31, 2005,
 we had $175 million reserved for outstanding commercial paper balance and a
 total of $150 million reserved for backing of letters of credit, leaving an
 additional $1.705 billion available for future borrowing under our revolving
 credit lines. At December 31, 2005, the actual amount of letters of credit
 issued was $33 million. 

 36

Our
 revolving credit lines impose various limitations that could impact our
 liquidity, such as defined maximum total debt to total capital (leverage) ratios
 and minimum coverage ratios. Under these revolving credit facilities,
 indebtedness includes certain letters of credit and guarantees which are not
 recorded on our consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2005, the required
 and actual ratios, pursuant to the terms of the credit agreements were as
 follows:

 Leverage
 Ratios

 Coverage
 Ratios

 Company

 Maximum
 Ratio

 Actual
 Ratio (a)

 Minimum
 Ratio

  Actual
 Ratio

 Progress
 Energy, Inc.

 68%

 60.7%

 2.5:1

        3.9:1

 PEC

 65%

 55.2%

 n/a

        n/a

 PEF

 65%

 50.9%

 n/a

        n/a

    (a) 
 Indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements includes certain letters of
 credit and guarantees that are not recorded on the Consolidated
 Balance

 Sheets. 

In
 the
 event our capital structure changes such that we approach the permitted ratios,
 our access to capital and additional liquidity could decrease. Furthermore,
 Progress Energy, Inc.’s RCA includes a provision under which lenders could
 refuse to advance funds to us in the event of a material adverse change in
 our
 financial condition. Loan draws for the payment of maturing commercial paper
 are
 excluded from this provision. A limitation in our liquidity could have a
 material adverse impact on our business strategy and our ongoing financing
 needs.

Each
 of
 these credit agreements contains cross-default provisions for defaults of
 indebtedness in excess of the following thresholds: $50 million for Progress
 Energy, Inc. and $35 million each for PEC and PEF. Under these provisions,
 if
 the applicable borrower or certain subsidiaries of the borrower fail to pay
 various debt obligations in excess of their respective cross-default threshold,
 the lenders could accelerate payment of any outstanding borrowing and terminate
 their commitments to the credit facility. Progress Energy, Inc.’s cross-default
 provision applies only to Progress Energy, Inc. and its significant
 subsidiaries, as defined in the credit agreement (i.e., PEC, Florida Progress,
 PEF, Progress Capital Holdings, Inc. and PVI). 
PEC’s
 and
 PEF’s cross-default provisions only apply to defaults of indebtedness by PEC and
 its subsidiaries and PEF, respectively, not other affiliates of PEC and
 PEF.

Additionally,
 certain of Progress Energy, Inc.’s long-term debt indentures contain
 cross-default provisions for defaults of indebtedness in excess of amounts
 ranging from $25 million to $50 million; these provisions only apply to other
 obligations of Progress Energy Inc., primarily commercial paper issued by the
 Parent, not its subsidiaries. In the event that these cross-default provisions
 are triggered, the debt holders could accelerate payment of approximately $4.3
 billion in long-term debt. Any such acceleration would cause a material adverse
 change in the respective company’s financial condition. Certain agreements
 underlying our indebtedness also limit our ability to incur additional liens
 or
 engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions.

Changes
 in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, which would
 increase our interest expense on our floating rate debt and reduce funds
 available to us for our current plans. Additionally, an increase in our leverage
 could adversely affect us by:

  §  

 increasing
 the cost of future debt financing;

 §  

 impacting
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock at the current
 rate;

 §  

 making
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our existing financial
 obligations;

 §  

 limiting
 our ability to obtain additional financing, if we need it, for working
 capital, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other
 purposes;

 §  

 increasing
 our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
 conditions;

 §  

 requiring
 us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations
 to
 payments on our debt, which would reduce funds available to us for
 operations, future business opportunities or other
 purposes;

 §  

 limiting
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business
 and the industry in which we
 compete;

 §  

 placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who
 have less
 debt; and

 37

 §  

 causing
 a downgrade in our credit ratings.

 38

On
 February 11, 2005, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) announced that it
 lowered the ratings of PEF, Progress Capital Holdings, Inc. and FPC Capital
 Trust I and changed their rating outlooks to stable from negative. Moody’s
 affirmed the ratings of Progress Energy and PEC. The rating outlooks continue
 to
 be stable at PEC and negative at Progress Energy. Moody’s stated that it took
 this action primarily due to declining cash flow coverages and rising leverage,
 higher operation and maintenance (O&M) costs, uncertainty regarding the
 timing of hurricane cost recovery, regulatory risks associated with the upcoming
 rate case in Florida and ongoing capital requirements to meet Florida’s growing
 demand. 

On
 November 22, 2005, Standard & Poor’s Rating Services (S&P) announced
 that it revised its ratings outlook on Progress Energy from negative to stable,
 affirming the BBB corporate credit rating, and revising the short-term rating
 from A-3 to A-2. As a result of this revision, PEC and PEF’s outlooks and
 short-term ratings were also revised from negative to stable and A-3 to A-2,
 respectively. S&P stated that it took these actions primarily due to the
 resolution of several regulatory issues in Florida and expectations of increased
 likelihood that our financial performance will improve over the next two years.
 S&P also indicated that it has improved its business position for PEF to a
‘4’ (strong). The business position for PEC remains a ‘5’ (satisfactory) and the
 overall business position for Progress Energy remains at a ‘6’ (satisfactory).
 S&P ranks business position on a scale of ‘1’ (excellent) to ‘10’
(vulnerable).

On
 December 6, 2005, S&P lowered the BBB rating on PEC and PEF’s senior
 unsecured notes to BBB-. The revision reflects the recognition that a
 significant amount of the Utilities’ assets (more than 30% of PEC's assets and
 35% of PEF's assets) collateralize first-priority debt.

The
 changes by S&P and Moody’s did not trigger any debt or guarantee collateral
 requirements, nor did they have any material impact on the overall liquidity
 of
 Progress Energy or any of its affiliates. Fitch Ratings took no actions on
 Progress Energy’s, PEC’s or PEF’s ratings in 2005. To date, Progress Energy’s,
 PEC’s and PEF’s access to the commercial paper markets has not been materially
 impacted by the rating agencies’ actions.

Our
 debt
 indentures and credit agreements do not contain any “ratings triggers,” which
 would cause the acceleration of interest and principal payments in the event
 of
 a ratings downgrade. If S&P lowers Progress Energy’s senior unsecured rating
 one ratings category to BB+ from its current rating, it would be a
 non-investment grade rating. The effect of a non-investment grade rating would
 primarily be increased borrowing costs.

While
 our
 long-term target credit ratings for each entity are above the minimum investment
 grade ranking, we cannot provide certainty that any of Progress Energy’s current
 ratings, or those of PEC and PEF, will remain in effect for any given period
 of
 time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating
 agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Any
 downgrade could increase our borrowing costs and may adversely affect our access
 to capital, which could negatively impact our financial results. We note that
 the ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold
 our securities or those of PEC or PEF and that each rating should be evaluated
 independently of any other rating.

As
 a part
 of normal business, we enter into various agreements providing future financial
 or performance assurances to third parties. These agreements are entered into
 primarily to support or enhance the creditworthiness otherwise attributed to
 Progress Energy or our subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, thereby facilitating
 the extension of sufficient credit to accomplish the subsidiaries’ intended
 commercial purposes. Our guarantees include performance obligations under power
 supply agreements, tolling agreements, transmission agreements, gas agreements,
 fuel procurement agreements and trading operations. Our guarantees also include
 standby letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees in support of nuclear
 decommissioning. At December 31, 2005, we have issued $1.78 billion of
 guarantees for future financial or performance assurance. We do not believe
 conditions are likely for significant performance under the guarantees of
 performance issued by or on behalf of affiliates. 

 39

The
 majority of contracts supported by the guarantees contain provisions that
 trigger guarantee obligations based on downgrade events to below investment
 grade (below BBB- or Baa3) by S&P or Moody’s, ratings triggers, monthly
 netting of exposure and/or payments and offset provisions in the event of a
 default. At December 31, 2005, no guarantee obligations had been triggered.
 If
 the guarantee obligations were triggered, the maximum amount of liquidity
 requirements to support ongoing operations within a 90-day period, associated
 with guarantees for Progress Energy’s nonregulated portfolio and power supply
 agreements was approximately $540 million. While we believe that we would be
 able to meet this obligation with cash or letters of credit, if we cannot,
 our
 financial condition, liquidity and results of operations will be materially
 and
 adversely impacted. 

The
 use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result
 in
 financial losses that negatively impact our results of
 operations.

We
 use
 derivatives, including futures, forwards and swaps, to manage our commodity
 and
 financial market risks. In the future, we could recognize financial losses
 on
 these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying
 commodities. 

Additionally,
 we are exposed to risk that our counterparties will not be able to perform
 their
 obligations. Should our counterparties fail to perform, we might be forced
 to
 replace the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event,
 we might incur losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the
 counterparties.

Our
 results of operations may be materially affected if the value of the Section
 29/45K tax credits is reduced due to the high price of oil. This risk is not
 applicable to PEC and PEF.

Recent
 unprecedented and unanticipated increases in the price of oil could limit the
 amount of Section 29/45K tax credits or eliminate them altogether. Section
 29
 provides that if the average wellhead price per barrel for unregulated domestic
 crude oil for the year (the Annual Average Price) exceeds a certain threshold
 value (the Threshold Price), the amount of Section 29/45K tax credits are
 reduced for that year. Also, if the Annual Average Price increases high enough
 (the Phase-out Price), the Section 29/45K tax credits are eliminated for that
 year. The Threshold Price and the Phase-out Price are adjusted annually for
 inflation. Although data for 2005 is not yet available, we do not expect the
 amount of our 2005 Section 29 tax credits to be adversely affected by crude
 oil
 prices. We cannot predict with any certainty the Annual Average Price for 2006
 or beyond. Therefore, we cannot predict whether the price of oil will have
 a
 material effect on our synthetic fuel business after 2005. However, if during
 2006 or 2007, oil prices remain at historically high levels or increase, our
 synthetic fuel business may be adversely affected for those years and, depending
 on the magnitude of such increases in oil prices, the adverse affect for those
 years could be material and could have an impact on our synthetic fuel
 production plans which, in turn, may have a material impact on our results
 of
 operations and financial condition. See Note 23D for additional information
 on
 the potential impact of crude oil prices on our synthetic fuel production.

In
 addition, there is proposed federal legislation that would establish both the
 2006 Annual Average Price and 2006 Phase-out Price based on the previous
 calendar year. If the proposed legislation becomes law, we do not anticipate
 that we will reach the minimum phase-out levels in 2006. However, we cannot
 predict what impact, if any, this proposed legislation would have on the value
 of the tax credits in 2007. We cannot provide any certainty that the proposed
 federal legislation will be enacted into law. We are currently producing
 synthetic fuel at a reduced level pending resolution of the proposed
 legislation. If the legislation is not enacted into law as currently written
 or
 oil prices remain at levels high enough to cause a phase-out of 2006 Section
 29/45K tax credits or eliminate the tax credits completely, there could be
 a
 negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition associated
 with the operating losses incurred from the amount of synthetic fuel produced
 during 2006.

A
 decrease in future synthetic fuel production and cash flows could trigger
 impairment evaluations of our synthetic fuel and other related operating
 long-lived assets. Such evaluations could result in an impairment charge for
 these assets which have total carrying values of approximately $111 million
 at
 December 31, 2005. The majority of these assets will be fully depreciated by
 the
 end of 2007, the scheduled end of the Section 29/45K tax credit
 program.

 40

There
 are risks involved with the operation of our nonregulated plants, including
 dependence on third parties and related counter-party risks, and a lack of
 operating history, all of which may make our nonregulated generation and overall
 operations less profitable and more unstable.

At
 December 31, 2005, we had approximately 3,100 MW of nonregulated generation
 in
 commercial operation. 

The
 operation of nonregulated generation facilities is subject to many risks,
 including those listed below. During the execution of our nonregulated
 generation strategy, these risks may intensify. These risks
 include:

  ·   

 We
 may enter into or otherwise acquire long-term contracts that take
 effect
 at a future date based upon our future expected nonregulated generation
 capacity.

If
 our generating facilities do not operate as expected, we may not
 be able
 to meet our obligations under any such long-term contracts and may
 have to
 purchase power in the spot market at then-prevailing prices. If we
 are
 unable to secure favorable pricing in the spot market, our results
 of
 operations could be negatively impacted. We may also become liable
 under
 any related performance guarantees then in
 existence.

 ·  

 Our
 nonregulated generation facilities depend on third parties through
 power
 purchase agreements, fuel supply and transportation agreements and
 transmission grid connection agreements. If such third parties breach
 their obligations to us, our revenues, financial condition, cash
 flow and
 ability to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding
 debts may be impaired. Any material breach by any of these parties
 of
 their obligations under the project contracts could adversely affect
 our
 cash flows.

 ·   

 We
 depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated
 by
 utilities and other energy companies to deliver the electricity and
 natural gas that we sell to the wholesale market. If transmission
 is
 disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and
 deliver
 products and satisfy our contractual obligations may be hindered.
 Although
 the FERC has issued regulations designed to encourage competition
 in
 wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential
 that
 fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available
 or
 that sufficient transmission capacity will not be available to transmit
 electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry
 changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission
 facilities in specific markets.

 ·   

 Agreements
 with our counterparties frequently will include the right to terminate
 and/or withhold payments or performance under the contracts if specific
 events occur. If a project contract were to be terminated due to
 nonperformance by us or by the other party to the contract, our ability
 to
 enter into a substitute agreement having substantially equivalent
 terms
 and conditions is uncertain.

 ·  

 Operation
 of our facilities could be affected by many factors, including start-up
 problems, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance
 below expected levels of output or efficiency, failure to operate
 at
 design specifications, labor disputes, changes in law, failure to
 obtain
 necessary permits or to meet permit conditions, government exercise
 of
 eminent domain power or similar events and catastrophic events including
 fires, explosions, earthquakes and
 droughts.

 ·   

 Our
 nonregulated generation facilities seek to enter into long-term power
 purchase agreements to sell all or a portion of their generating
 capacity.
 CCO currently owns six electricity generation facilities with
 approximately 3,100 MW of generation capacity, and it has contractual
 rights to an additional 2,500 MW of generation capacity from mixed
 fuel
 generation facilities through its agreements with 16 Georgia EMCs.
 CCO has
 contracts for its combined production capacity of approximately 86%
 for
 2006, 81% for 2007 and 84% for 2008. The increased cooperative load
 in
 Georgia significantly increased CCO’s revenue and cost of sales from 2004
 to 2005 at lower margins, as more fully discussed below. Following
 the
 expiration or early termination of our power purchase agreements,
 or to
 the extent we cannot otherwise secure contracts for our current and
 future
 generation capacity, our facilities will generally become merchant
 facilities. Our merchant facilities may not be able to find adequate
 purchasers, attain favorable pricing, or otherwise compete effectively
 in
 the wholesale market. Additionally, numerous legal and regulatory
 limitations restrict our ability to operate a facility on a wholesale
 basis.

 41

Our
 energy marketing and trading operations are subject to risks that could reduce
 our revenues and adversely impact our results of operations and financial
 condition; some of these risks, such as weather-related risks, are beyond our
 control. Volatile commodity prices could reduce our margins. Significant revenue
 reductions or cost increases could trigger future impairment evaluations and
 potential impairment charges. 

We
 actively seek to manage the market risk inherent in our energy marketing
 operations. We employ best practices risk management monitoring and control
 techniques to manage the risks inherent in the business. Nonetheless, adverse
 changes in energy and fuel prices may result in losses in our earnings or cash
 flows and adversely affect our financial position. Our marketing and risk
 management procedures do not completely eliminate risk. As a result, our
 operating results and financial position are sensitive to the market risk
 factors discussed below.

Our
 fleet
 of nonregulated power plants sells energy into the spot market, other
 competitive power markets or on a longer-term contractual basis. We may also
 enter into contracts to purchase and sell electricity, natural gas and coal
 as
 part of our power marketing and energy trading operations. Our business may
 also
 include entering into tolling contracts, long-term contracts that supply
 customers’ full electric requirements or other contractual structures. Over the
 past two years, we have entered into full requirements power contracts to supply
 the total power requirement of several electric cooperatives. These contracts
 do
 not provide a guaranteed rate of return on our capital investments through
 mandated rates. While these contracts are partially hedged through fixed price
 power and gas purchases, our revenues and results of operations from these
 contracts still depend to some degree upon prevailing market prices for power
 in
 our regional markets and surrounding competitive markets. These market prices
 can fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time. Future
 adverse changes in market conditions or changes in business conditions could
 trigger future impairment evaluations of goodwill, long-lived assets or other
 assets, which could result in impairment charges.

In
 particular, we believe that over the past few years, the wholesale energy market
 in the southeastern United States, particularly Georgia, has been overbuilt
 and,
 accordingly, believe that the supply of peaking and mid-market generation
 exceeds demand. While recent market activity indicates that supply and demand
 are slowly coming closer to equilibrium, we believe that spot prices as well
 as
 contractual pricing will provide us with a reduced rate of return on our capital
 investment in our nonregulated plants and our revenues and results of operations
 from this market will be lower than originally expected until demand catches
 up
 with supply. We have no assurance that the current over-supply of wholesale
 power will be available to meet the Utilities’ anticipated future need for
 additional baseload generation.

We
 have
 entered into wholesale power agreements with electric cooperatives in Georgia.
 Under these full-requirements supply contracts, we receive a fixed price for
 the
 power supplied to the cooperatives. The cooperative load is dependent on the
 weather and economy of its service area. We use a combination of callable
 resources from the cooperatives, open market purchases and our own generating
 assets to serve this load. The risks in serving full-requirements supply
 contracts at a fixed price include both the variability in commodity prices
 and
 the volatility of the cooperative energy demand. While we strive to mitigate
 the
 risks associated with these contracts though various strategies, we cannot
 provide certainty that our risk management techniques will be
 effective.

Furthermore,
 the FERC, which has jurisdiction over wholesale power rates, as well as
 independent system operators that oversee some of these markets, may impose
 price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address some of the
 volatility in these markets. As discussed previously, fuel prices also may
 be
 volatile, and the price we can obtain for power sales may not change at the
 same
 rate as our fuel costs changes. These factors could reduce our margins and
 therefore diminish our revenues and results of operations.

We
 actively manage the market risk inherent in our energy marketing operations.
 Nonetheless, adverse changes in energy and fuel prices may result in losses
 in
 our earnings or cash flows and adversely affect our balance sheet. Our marketing
 and risk management procedures may not work as planned. As a result, we cannot
 predict with precision the impact that our marketing, trading and risk
 management decisions may have on our business, operating results or financial
 position. In addition, to the extent that we do not cover the entire exposure
 of
 our assets or our positions to market price volatility, or our hedging
 procedures do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could cause
 our
 sales and net income to be volatile.

 42

In
 accordance with accounting standards for goodwill and long-lived assets, we
 have
 continued to monitor the carrying value of our goodwill and long-lived assets
 of
 our CCO operations. Our analyses have continued to support the carrying value
 of
 the $64 million of goodwill and the $1.4 billion of long-lived and intangible
 assets at December 31, 2005. However, as part of our evaluation of certain
 business opportunities in the first quarter of 2006, we performed an interim
 impairment test for the $64 million of goodwill, which indicated the fair value
 of our reporting unit consisting of our Effingham, Monroe, Walton and Washington
 nonregulated generation plants (Georgia Region) was less than its carrying
 value. As required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (SFAS No. 142), we are currently
 performing the second step of the impairment test, which compares the implied
 fair value of the goodwill with the recorded goodwill. While the results of
 the
 second step of the impairment test are currently unknown, the effects could
 range from no change to the recorded goodwill value to a potential write-off
 of
 $64 million. Future adverse changes in market conditions or changes in business
 conditions, including the manner in which the long-lived assets are deployed,
 could require future impairment evaluations of these or other assets, which
 could result in an impairment charge.

Our
 nonregulated businesses are involved in operations that are subject to
 significant operational and financial risks that may reduce our revenues and
 adversely impact our results of operations and financial
 condition.

We
 are
 exposed to operational risk resulting from our natural gas drilling, coal
 mining, terminal and barge and fuel delivery operations. Our coal mining and
 natural gas drilling operations are subject to conditions beyond our control
 that can delay deliveries or increase the cost of mining or drilling at
 particular locations for varying lengths of time. Such conditions include
 unexpected maintenance problems, key equipment failures and variations in
 geologic conditions. The states in which we operate coal mines have state
 programs for mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. Financial risks
 include our exposure to commodity prices, primarily fuel prices. We actively
 manage the operational and financial risks associated with these businesses.
 Nonetheless, adverse changes in fuel prices and operational issues beyond our
 control may result in losses in our earnings or

cash
 flows and adversely affect our balance sheet
.