. 

The following “risk factors” identify what the Company believes to be all of the risks that could materially and adversely
affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These risk factors should be considered and evaluated together with information incorporated by reference or otherwise included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial also may impair the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The Company is subject to risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide economic conditions. 

Current uncertainty regarding global economic conditions and the existence and rate of any economic recovery may have an adverse effect on
the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company and its distributors, customers and suppliers, and on the general economic activity in many of the industries and markets in which the Company and its distributors, customers
and suppliers operate. Among the economic factors which may affect performance are: manufacturing activity, air travel trends, currency exchange rates, difficulties entering new markets and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation,
interest rates and credit availability. These effects may, among other things, negatively impact the level of purchases, capital expenditures and creditworthiness of the Company’s distributors, customers and suppliers, and, therefore, the
Company’s revenues, operating profits and margins and order rates. 

During the second half of fiscal 2010, the Company
began to see signs of an economic recovery. Throughout the worldwide economic downturn, the Company focused on maintaining its financial strength by adjusting its cost structure to reflect changing demand levels, maintaining a strong balance sheet
and managing its cash. The Company’s Win Strategy initiatives relating to growth and margin improvement as well as the implementation of a number of business realignment initiatives, including plant closures and general workforce reductions,
continue to help meet this objective. There can be no assurance, however, that these or any other initiatives or contingency plans implemented by the Company will be successful or that the Company will have sufficient resources to manage the
recovery if the economy rebounds more quickly than anticipated. 

The Company cannot predict if, when or how much worldwide
economic conditions will improve. These conditions are highly unpredictable and beyond the Company’s control. If these conditions deteriorate, however, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be
materially adversely affected. 

- 11 - 

The Company is subject to risks relating to its information technology systems. 

The Company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business. If these systems are damaged or cease
to function properly and the Company suffers any interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Potential product liability risks exist from the products that the Company sells. 

The Company’s businesses expose it to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of its
products and the products of third-party vendors that the Company uses or resells. Although the Company currently maintains what it believes to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to maintain its insurance on acceptable terms or that its insurance will provide adequate protection against all potential liabilities. In the event of a claim against it, a lack of sufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Moreover, even if the Company maintains adequate insurance, a successful claim could still have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, liquidity
and results of operations. 

The Company may be adversely affected by litigation or other regulatory proceedings. 

The Company is a defendant from time to time in litigation and regulatory proceedings relating to its business. Due to the inherent
uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, the Company cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

The Company is subject to risks relating to organizational changes. 

The Company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support its growth and cost
management strategies. In addition, the Company commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If the Company is unable to successfully manage these and other
organizational changes, its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Demand for and supply of the
Company’s products may be adversely affected by numerous factors, some of which the Company cannot predict or control, which would adversely affect its results of operations. 

Numerous factors may affect the demand for and supply of the Company’s products, including: 

•

 changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in
shipments, disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, and changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs; 

•

 changes in the market acceptance of its products; 

•

 increased competition in the markets it serves; 

- 12 - 

•

 declines in the general level of industrial production; or 

•

 declines in the availability, or increases in the prices, of raw materials. 

If any of these factors occur, the demand for and supply of the Company’s products could suffer, which would adversely affect its results of
operations. 

The raw materials used in the Company’s production processes and by its suppliers of component parts are subject to price
and supply fluctuations that could increase the costs of products and adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
Company’s supply of raw materials for its businesses could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant
increases could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and profit margins. Although the Company generally attempts to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along increased raw material prices to its customers
in the form of price increases, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the Company’s ability to increase the price of its products, or the Company may be unable to increase the prices of its products due to
pricing pressure, sales contracts or other factors. 

The Company’s suppliers of component parts may significantly and
quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture the component parts. As a result, the Company may not be able to increase its prices commensurately with its increased costs. Consequently,
the Company’s results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

The Company may face various
risks relating to acquisitions, including limitations on its ability to complete acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 

The Company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services that it
believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or that it will be able to acquire such businesses on acceptable terms. In
addition, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to avoid acquiring or assuming unexpected liabilities, that the Company will be able to integrate successfully any businesses that it purchases into its existing business or that any
acquired businesses will be profitable. The successful integration of new businesses depends on the Company’s ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the Company is unable to avoid these risks, its results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The Company operates in a highly competitive environment. 

The Company’s domestic and foreign operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global and local competitors, which
could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the Company’s margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the Company’s Industrial Segment and
Climate & Industrial Controls Segment must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, customer service, manufacturing and distribution capability and price competitiveness and its Aerospace Segment must excel on the basis of
technological and engineering capability, quality, delivery and service, and price competitiveness. 

- 13 - 

The Company is subject to risks relating to its foreign operations. 

The Company’s net sales derived from customers outside the United States were approximately 45% in fiscal 2010, 44% in fiscal 2009
and 47% in fiscal 2008. In addition, many of the Company’s manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the United States. The Company expects net sales from foreign markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its
total net sales. The Company’s foreign operations are subject to risk in addition to those risks of its domestic operations, including: 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings; 

•

 transportation delays and interruptions; 

•

 political, social and economic instability and disruptions; 

•

 government embargoes or foreign trade restrictions; 

•

 the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 import and export controls; 

•

 labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; 

•

 the potential for nationalization of enterprises; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 

•

 limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

•

 difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis. 

If the Company is unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding its global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations
internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Changes in the Company’s tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect profitability. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Domestic and international tax liabilities
are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company’s effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation
allowance of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits by United States federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-United States authorities. If these audits result in
assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company’s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

- 14 - 

The Obama administration has proposed legislation that would change how U.S. multinational
corporations are taxed on their foreign income. If such legislation is enacted, the Company’s effective tax rate and, in turn, the Company’s profitability, could be materially impacted. 

The Company’s future growth is partly dependent on the development of new products and technologies. 

The markets the Company operates in are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and
services. The Company’s ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development or
production of new products and services or failure to gain market acceptance of new products and technologies may significantly reduce future revenues and adversely affect the Company’s competitive position. 

The Company’s future growth is partly dependent on the preservation of its intellectual property. 

Protecting the Company’s intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. The Company owns a number of patents,
trademarks and licenses related to its products and has exclusive and non-exclusive rights under patents owned by others. The Company’s intellectual property may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties or the Company may be unable to
maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. In addition, the global nature of the Company’s business could present increased risks that the Company’s
intellectual property will be subject to infringement or other unauthorized use outside of the United States. In such case, the Company’s ability to protect its intellectual property rights by legal recourse or otherwise may be limited,
particularly in countries where laws or enforcement practices are undeveloped or do not recognize or protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States. Unauthorized use of the Company’s intellectual property rights or
inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact the Company’s competitive position and results of operations. 

The Company may be adversely affected by the impact of environmental and safety regulations to which it is subject. 

The Company’s operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, it is subject to various United
States federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as foreign laws, designed to protect the environment and to regulate the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for
non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damages and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other releases of, or the exposure to, hazardous materials. Among other laws, the Company is subject to the
United States federal “Superfund” law, under which it has been designated as a “potentially responsible party” and may be liable for clean-up costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the United States
Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund priority list. The Company could incur substantial costs as a result of non-compliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws, including the Superfund law.

- 15 - 

In addition, increased worldwide focus on climate change issues has led to recent
legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions, including regulation of such emissions through a “cap-and-trade” system in the United States. Changes in or to regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other climate
change concerns could subject the Company to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs. While such regulation appears likely in the United States, until definitive regulations are adopted, the Company is
not able to predict how such regulations would affect the Company’s business, operations or financial results. 

The
Company may be subject to more stringent environmental laws in the future. If more stringent environmental laws are enacted in the future, these laws could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect the Company’s results of
operations. 

The amount of expenses recorded for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans is dependent on changes
in market interest rates and the value of plan assets, which are dependent on actual plan asset returns. Significant changes in market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets would increase
expenses and may adversely impact the Company’s future results of operations. 

The Company does business with the United States
government and as such is subject to government regulations. 

In addition to the risks identified herein, doing business
with the United States government subjects the Company to unusual risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement regulations. Agreements relating to the sale of products to
government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification, either at the convenience of the government or for the Company’s failure to perform under the applicable contract. The Company is subject to government investigations
of business practices and compliance with government procurement regulations. If the Company were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any such investigation, it could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.