.

The Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks factors, including, but not limited
to those set forth below, any one of which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. These risk factors should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The risk factors described below are those that the Company believes are currently the most significant. Additional risk factors not currently known to the Company or that the Company believes are immaterial also may impair the
Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The Company is subject to risks relating to its foreign
operations. 

In fiscal year 2006, approximately 37% of the Company’s net sales were derived from customers outside the United
States. In addition, many of the Company’s manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the United States. The Company expects net sales from foreign markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its total net sales.
The Company’s foreign operations are subject to risk in addition to those risks of its domestic operations, including: 

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings; 

•

transportation delays and interruptions; 

•

political, social and economic instability and disruptions; 

•

government embargoes or foreign trade restrictions; 

•

the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

import and export controls; 

-7- 

•

labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; 

•

the potential for nationalization of enterprises; 

•

difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 

•

limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and 

•

potentially adverse tax consequences. 

If the Company is
unable to manage successfully the risks associated with expanding its global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Demand for and supply of the Company’s products may be adversely affected by numerous factors, some of which the Company
cannot predict or control, which could adversely affect its results of operations. 

Numerous factors may affect the demand for and
supply of the Company’s products, including: 

•

changes in the market acceptance of its products; 

•

increased competition in the markets it serves; 

•

changes in economic conditions in individual markets; 

•

declines in the general level of industrial production; or 

•

declines in the availability or increases in the prices of raw materials. 

If any of these factors occur, the demand for and supply of the Company’s products could suffer, which would adversely affect its results of operations. 

The Company operates in a highly competitive environment. 

The Company’s domestic and foreign operations are subject to significant competitive pressures. To compete successfully, the Company’s Industrial Segment and Climate and Industrial Controls Segment must excel in terms of product
quality and innovation, customer service, manufacturing and distribution capability and price competitiveness and its Aerospace Segment must excel on the basis of technological and engineering capability, quality, delivery and service, and price
competitiveness. The financial resources and performance of certain of the Company’s competitors may put the Company at a competitive disadvantage, which would adversely affect its results of operations. 

The Company’s future growth is partly dependent on the development of new products and technologies and preservation of its intellectual property.

The markets the Company operates in are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and
services. The Company’s ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development or
production of new products and services or failure to gain market acceptance of new products and technologies may significantly reduce future revenues and materially adversely affect the Company’s competitive position. 

-8- 

Protecting the Company’s intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. The Company
owns a number of patents, trademarks and licenses related to its products and has exclusive and non-exclusive rights under patents owned by others. The Company’s intellectual property may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties or the
Company may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of the Company’s intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing
intellectual property rights could materially adversely impact the Company’s competitive position and results of operations. 

The raw materials
used in the Company’s production processes and by its suppliers of component parts are subject to price and supply fluctuations that could increase the Company’s costs of products and adversely affect the Company’s results of
operations. 

The Company’s supply of raw materials for its businesses could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including
availability and pricing. Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and profit margins. While the Company
generally attempts to pass along increased raw material prices to its customers in the form of price increases, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the Company’s ability to increase the price of its products,
or it may be unable to increase the prices of its products due to pricing pressure or other factors. 

The Company’s suppliers of
component parts may significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture their component parts. In those circumstances, the Company may not be able to increase its prices
commensurately with its increased costs. Consequently, its results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

The
Company may face limitations on its ability to complete acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 

The Company expects
to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services that it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to
find suitable businesses to purchase or that it will be able to acquire such businesses on acceptable terms. 

In addition, no guarantee can
be given that the Company will be able to integrate successfully any business that it purchases into its existing business or that any acquired businesses will be profitable. The successful integration of new businesses depends on the Company’s
ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the Company is unable to complete the integration of new businesses in a timely manner, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Potential product liability risks exist from the products that the Company sells. 

-9- 

The Company’s businesses expose it to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the
design, manufacture and sale of its products and the products of third-party vendors that it uses or resells. The Company currently maintains what it believes to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance. There can be no assurance,
however, that the Company will be able to maintain its product liability insurance on acceptable terms or that its product liability insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. In the event of a claim against it, a lack
of sufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Moreover, even if it maintains adequate insurance, any successful claim could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on the ability to obtain suitable or adequate insurance. 

The Company may be adversely affected by the impact of environmental and safety regulations to which it is subject. 

The
Company’s operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, it is subject to various U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations designed to protect the environment and to regulate the
discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damage and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other
releases of, or the exposure to, hazardous materials. Among other environmental laws, the Company is subject to the U.S. federal “Superfund” law, under which it has been designated as a “potentially responsible party” and may be
liable for clean-up costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund priority list. The Company could incur substantial costs as a result of non-compliance with or liability
for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws, including the Superfund law. 

The Company may be subject to more stringent
environmental laws in the future. If more stringent environmental laws are enacted in the future, these laws could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company does business with the U.S government and as such is subject to increased government regulations. 

In addition to normal business risks, doing business with the U.S. government subjects the Company to increased risks, including dependence on the level
of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement regulations. Agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification, either at the convenience of
the government or for the Company’s failure to perform under the applicable contract. The Company is subject to government investigations of business practices and compliance with government procurement regulations. If the Company were charged
with wrongdoing as a result of any such investigation, it could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

Changes in the Company’s tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect profitability. 

-10- 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions.
Domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company’s effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing
statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets or tax laws. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. authorities. If these audits
result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company’s tax liabilities. 

Increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

The amount of expenses recorded for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans is dependent on changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets, which are dependent on actual plan asset returns. Significant changes in
market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets may adversely affect the Company’s future results of operations.