Discussion of our business and
operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are, or may become subject. These risks and uncertainties, together with
other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects in a material and adverse manner. 

Downward changes in general economic, real estate construction, or other business conditions could adversely affect our business or our financial results. 

The residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment,
consumer confidence, consumer income, availability of financing, and interest rate levels. Adverse changes in any of these conditions generally, or in the markets where we operate, could decrease demand and pricing for new homes in these areas or
result in customer cancellations of pending contracts, which could adversely affect the number of home deliveries we make or reduce the prices we can charge for homes, either of which could result in a decrease in our revenues and earnings and would
adversely affect our financial condition. 

The homebuilding industry is currently experiencing an economic down cycle, which has had an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

Prior to 2006, land and home prices rose significantly in many of our markets.
However, since early 2006, the homebuilding industry has been impacted by lack of consumer confidence, decreased housing affordability, rising unemployment, a significant increase in the number of foreclosed homes, and large supplies of resale and
new home inventories which resulted in an industry-wide softening of demand for new homes. As a result of these factors, we have experienced significant decreases in our revenues and profitability. We have also incurred substantial impairments of
our land and certain other assets. We cannot predict the duration or the severity of the current market conditions, nor provide any assurances that the adjustments we have made in our operating strategy to address these conditions will be
successful. 

If the market value of our land and homes drops significantly, our profits could decrease. 

The market value of land, building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions and the measures we
employ to manage inventory risk may not be adequate to insulate our operations from a severe drop in inventory values. We acquire land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within our current markets. If
housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, we may not be able to make profits similar to what we have made in the past, we may experience less than anticipated profits, and/or we may not be able to recover our
costs when we sell and build homes. When market conditions are such that land values are not appreciating, option arrangements previously entered into may become less desirable, at which time we may elect to forego deposits and pre-acquisition costs
and terminate the agreement. In the face of adverse market conditions, we may have substantial inventory carrying costs, we may have to write down our inventory to its fair value, and/or we may have to sell land or homes at a loss. 

As a result of the changing market conditions in the homebuilding industry that have occurred since early 2006, we incurred significant land-related
charges in each of the respective periods resulting from the write-off of deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to land transactions we no longer plan to pursue, net realizable valuation adjustments related to land positions sold or held for
sale, impairments on land assets related to communities under development or to be developed in the future, and impairments of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. It is possible that the estimated cash flows from these projects may
change and could result in a future need to record additional valuation adjustments. Additionally, if conditions in the homebuilding industry worsen in the future or if our strategy related to certain communities changes, we may be required to
evaluate our assets, including additional projects, for additional impairments or write-downs, which could result in additional charges that might be significant. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in
accordance with our land investment criteria. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for suitable land. The availability
of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and
land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be
reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our long-term ability to build homes depends on our acquiring land suitable for residential building at reasonable prices in locations where we want to build. In recent years, we experienced significant competition for
suitable land as a result of land constraints in many of our markets. As competition for suitable land increases, and as available land is developed, the cost of acquiring suitable remaining land could rise, and the availability of suitable land at
acceptable prices may decline. Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs. We may not be able to pass through to our
customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our revenues, earnings, and margins.

Future increases in interest
rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or increases in the effective costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Most of our customers finance their home purchases through our mortgage bank. Interest rates have been at historical lows for several years. As a result,
new homes have been more affordable. Increases in interest rates or decreases in availability of mortgage financing, however, could reduce the market for new homes. Potential homebuyers may be less willing or able to pay the increased monthly costs
or to obtain mortgage financing that exposes them to interest rate changes. Lenders may increase the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjust their terms to address any increased credit risk. Even if potential customers do not need financing,
changes in interest rates and mortgage availability could make it harder for them to sell their current homes to potential buyers who need financing. These factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and could also reduce the
volume or margins in our financial services business. Beginning in early 2007, the availability of certain mortgage financing products became more constrained as the mortgage industry began to more closely scrutinize sub-prime, Alt-A, and other
non-conforming mortgage products. While we do not retain any material risks associated with the loans we originate, our financial services business could be impacted to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have
committed to originate through the various hedging strategies we employ. Additionally, these developments have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the overall demand for new housing and thereby on the results of operations
for our homebuilding business. 

In addition, we believe that the availability of FHA and VA mortgage financing is an important factor in
marketing some of our homes. We also believe that the liquidity provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies
could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans. 

10 

Table of Contents

Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions May Significantly Affect Our Access to Capital and Cost of Capital

The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility. In recent months, the volatility and disruption have
reached unprecedented levels. In many cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit capacity for issuers. 

We need liquidity for future growth and development of our business. Without sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to purchase additional land or develop land, which could adversely affect our financial results.
One source of liquidity is our unsecured revolving credit facility. In the event market conditions deteriorate further or we incur additional land-related charges or other asset impairments, we may violate certain financial covenants in the credit
facility. These violations, if not waived by the lenders or cured, could result in an optional maturity date acceleration by the lenders, which might require repayment of any borrowings and replacement or cash collateralization of any letters of
credit outstanding under the credit facility, and could also result in a default under our $3.2 billion of senior notes. 

The ability to
reach an agreement with our lenders or to seek alternative sources of financing, if necessary, will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the homebuilding
industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if the level of our business activity decreases further due to the market
downturn. At December 31, 2008, we had cash and equivalents of $1.7 billion and no borrowings outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility. However, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case,
we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Competition for homebuyers could reduce our
deliveries or decrease our profitability. 

The housing industry in the United States is highly competitive. We compete primarily on
the basis of price, reputation, design, location, and quality of our homes. We compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional, and local homebuilders. This competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we
deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume. 

We also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed
homes, housing speculators, and available rental housing. Increased competitive conditions in the residential resale or rental market in the regions where we operate could decrease demand for new homes and increase cancellations of sales contracts
in backlog. 

Supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay
deliveries. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for skilled labor and materials. Increased costs or shortages of
skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel, and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. We generally are unable to pass on increases in construction costs to those customers who have
already entered into sale contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home. Sustained increases in construction costs may, over
time, erode our margins, and pricing competition for materials and labor may restrict our ability to pass on any additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our income tax provision and tax reserves may be insufficient if a taxing authority is successful in asserting
positions that are contrary to our interpretations and related reserves, if any. 

Significant judgment is required in determining
our provision for income taxes and our reserves for federal, state, and local taxes. In the ordinary course of business, there may be matters for which the ultimate outcome is uncertain. Although we believe our approach to determining the tax
treatment is appropriate, no assurance can be given that the final tax authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provision and related tax reserves. Such differences could have a material
adverse effect on our income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made and, consequently, on our net income for such period. 

We are periodically audited by various federal, state, and local authorities regarding tax matters. Our current audits are in various stages of completion; however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to
the conclusion of the audit, appeal and, in some cases, litigation process. As each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are appropriately recorded in our financial statements in the period determined. To provide for potential tax exposures, we
maintain tax reserves based on reasonable estimates of potential audit results. However, if the reserves are insufficient upon completion of an audit, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

We may not realize our deferred income tax assets. 

The ultimate realization of our deferred income tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income, executing tax planning strategies, and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. We have recorded a valuation
allowance against our deferred income tax assets. The valuation allowance may fluctuate as conditions change. 

Our ability to utilize net
operating losses (“NOLs”) and tax credit carryforwards to offset our future taxable income and/or to recover previously paid taxes would be limited if we were to undergo an “ownership change” within the meaning of
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “IRC”). In general, an “ownership change” occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned by “5-percent shareholders” (within the meaning of
Section 382 of the IRC) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned by such “5-percent shareholders” at any time over the testing period. 

An ownership change under Section 382 of the IRC would establish an annual limitation to the amount of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards we could
utilize to offset our taxable income in any single year. The application of these limitations might prevent full utilization of the deferred tax assets attributable to our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards. We have not experienced an ownership
change as defined by Section 382. However, whether a change in ownership occurs in the future is largely outside of our control, and there can be no assurance that such a change will not occur. 

Government regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects or affect our related financial services
operations and adversely affect our business or financial results. 

Our operations are subject to building, environmental, and other
regulations of various federal, state, and local governing authorities. For our homes to qualify for FHA or VA mortgages, we must satisfy valuation standards and site, material, and construction requirements of those agencies. Our compliance with
federal, state, and local laws relating to protection of the environment has had, to date, no material effect upon capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. More stringent requirements could be imposed in the future on homebuilders
and developers, thereby increasing the cost of compliance. 

New housing developments may be subject to various assessments for schools,
parks, streets, and other public improvements. These can cause an increase in the effective prices for our homes. In addition, increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as recently experienced in response to reduced federal
and state funding, can adversely affect the ability of potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to purchase new homes. 

We
also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining