Discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be read together with the risk factors set
forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are, or may become, subject. These risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects in a material and adverse manner. 

Downward changes in general
economic, real estate construction, or other business conditions could adversely affect our business or our financial results. 

The residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, availability of financing,
and interest rate levels. Adverse changes in any of these conditions generally, or in the markets where we operate, could decrease demand and pricing for new homes in these areas or result in customer cancellations of pending contracts, which could
adversely affect the number of home deliveries we make or reduce the prices we can charge for homes, either of which could result in a decrease in our revenues and earnings and would adversely affect our financial condition. 

The homebuilding industry is currently experiencing an economic down cycle, which has had an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

Prior to 2006, land and home prices rose significantly in many of our markets. However, since early 2006,
the homebuilding industry has been impacted by weak consumer confidence, tightened mortgage standards, a significant increase in the number of foreclosed homes, and large supplies of resale and new home inventories which have contributed to an
industry-wide softening of demand for new homes. As a result of these factors, we have experienced significant decreases in our revenues and profitability. We have also incurred substantial impairments of our land and certain other assets. We cannot
predict the duration or the severity of the current market conditions, nor provide any assurances that the adjustments we have made in our operating strategy to address these conditions will be successful. 

If the market value of our land and homes drops significantly, our profits could decrease. 

The market value of land, building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions and
the measures we employ to manage inventory risk may not be adequate to insulate our operations from a severe drop in inventory values. We acquire land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within our
current markets. If housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, we may not be able to make profits similar to what we have made in the past, we may experience less than anticipated profits, and/or we may not be
able to recover our costs when we sell and build homes. When market conditions are such that land values are not appreciating, option arrangements previously entered into may become less desirable, at which time we may elect to forego deposits and
pre-acquisition costs and terminate the agreement. In the face of adverse market conditions, we may have substantial inventory carrying costs, we may have to write down our inventory to its fair value, and/or we may have to sell land or homes at a
loss. 

As a result of the changing market conditions in the homebuilding industry that have occurred since early 2006, we
incurred significant land-related charges in each of the respective periods resulting from the write-off of deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to land transactions we no longer plan to pursue, net realizable valuation adjustments related to
land positions sold or held for sale, impairments on land assets related to communities under development or to be developed in the future, and impairments of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. It is possible that the estimated cash
flows from these projects may change and could result in a future need to record additional valuation adjustments. Additionally, if conditions in the homebuilding industry worsen in the future or if our strategy related to certain communities
changes, we may be required to evaluate our assets, including additional projects, for additional impairments or write-downs, which could result in additional charges that might be significant. 

Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in accordance with our land
investment criteria. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for suitable land. The availability of finished
and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers

9 

Table of Contents

Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at
reasonable prices, in accordance with our land investment criteria. (continued) 

for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we
may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our long-term ability to build homes depends on our acquiring land suitable for residential building at reasonable prices in locations where we want to build. In the past, we experienced significant
competition for suitable land as a result of land constraints in many of our markets. As competition for suitable land increases, and as available land is developed, the cost of acquiring suitable remaining land could rise, and the availability of
suitable land at acceptable prices may decline. Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs. We may not be able to pass
through to our customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our revenues, earnings, and margins. 

Future increases
in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or increases in the effective costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Most of our customers finance their home purchases through our mortgage bank. Interest rates have been at historical lows for several
years. As a result, new homes have been more affordable. Increases in interest rates or decreases in availability of mortgage financing, however, could reduce the market for new homes. Potential homebuyers may be less willing or able to pay the
increased monthly costs or to obtain mortgage financing that exposes them to interest rate changes. Lenders may increase the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjust their terms to address any increased credit risk. Even if potential customers
do not need financing, changes in interest rates and mortgage availability could make it harder for them to sell their current homes to potential buyers who need financing. These factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and
could also reduce the volume or margins in our financial services business. Beginning in early 2007, the availability of certain mortgage financing products became more constrained as the mortgage industry began to more closely scrutinize sub-prime,
Alt-A, and other non-conforming mortgage products. Our financial services business could also be impacted to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have committed to originate through the various hedging strategies
we employ. Additionally, these developments have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the overall demand for new housing and thereby on the results of operations for our homebuilding business. 

In addition, the Federal Reserve has purchased a sizeable amount of mortgage-backed securities in part to stabilize mortgage interest
rates and to support the market for mortgage-backed securities. As the Federal Reserve reduces its holdings of mortgage-backed securities over time, the availability and affordability of mortgage loans, including the consumer interest rates for such
loans, could be adversely affected. 

We also believe that the availability of FHA and VA mortgage financing is an important
factor in marketing some of our homes. The FHA has and may continue to impose stricter loan qualification standards, raise minimum down payment requirements, impose higher mortgage insurance premiums and other costs and/or limit the number of
mortgages it insures. The liquidity provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the mortgage industry is also critical to the housing market. The impact of the federal government’s conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on the short-term
and long-term demand for new housing remains unclear. Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans.

Significant costs of homeownership include mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, both of which are generally
deductible for an individual’s federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. Any changes to income tax laws by the federal government or a state government to eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, as has been
considered from time to time, would increase the after-tax cost of owning a home. Increases in real estate taxes by local governmental authorities also increase the cost of homeownership. Any such increases to the cost of homeownership could
adversely impact the demand for and sales prices of new homes. 

10 

Table of Contents

Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital and cost
of capital. 

The capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in recent years. In many cases,
the markets have exerted downward pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit capacity for issuers. We need liquidity for future growth and development of our business. Without sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to purchase additional
land or develop land, which could adversely affect our financial results. One source of liquidity is our unsecured revolving credit facility. In the event the current challenging market conditions persist or we incur additional land-related charges
or other asset impairments, we may violate certain financial covenants in the credit facility. These violations, if not waived by the lenders or cured, could result in an optional maturity date acceleration by the lenders, which might require
repayment of any borrowings and replacement or cash collateralization of any letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility, and could also result in a default under our $3.4 billion of senior notes. 

The ability to reach an agreement with our lenders or to seek alternative sources of financing, if necessary, would depend on a variety
of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the homebuilding industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative
perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if the level of our business activity decreases further due to the market downturn. At December 31, 2010, we had cash and equivalents of $1.5 billion and no borrowings outstanding under
our unsecured revolving credit facility. However, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Another source of liquidity includes our ability to use letters of credit and surety bonds pursuant to certain performance-related
obligations and as security for certain land option agreements and under various insurance programs. The majority of these letters of credit and surety bonds are in support of our land development and construction obligations to various
municipalities, other government agencies, and utility companies related to the construction of roads, sewers, and other infrastructure. If we are unable to obtain letters of credit or performance bonds when required, or the conditions imposed by
issuers increase significantly, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Competition for
homebuyers could reduce our deliveries or decrease our profitability. 

The housing industry in the United States is
highly competitive. We compete primarily on the basis of location, price, reputation, design, community amenities, and the quality of our homes. We compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional, and local homebuilders. This
competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume. 

We also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, housing speculators, and available rental housing. Increased competitive conditions in the residential resale or rental market in the regions
where we operate could decrease demand for new homes and increase cancellations of sales contracts in backlog. 

Supply shortages and
other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for skilled labor and materials. Additionally, the cost of certain building materials,
especially lumber, steel, and concrete, is influenced by changes in global commodity prices. Increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. We generally are unable
to pass on increases in construction costs to those customers who have already entered into sale contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the
construction of the home. Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition for materials and labor may restrict our ability to pass on any additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.

Our income tax provision and tax reserves may be insufficient if a taxing authority is successful in asserting positions that are
contrary to our interpretations and related reserves, if any. 

Significant judgment is required in determining our
provision for income taxes and our reserves for federal, state, and local taxes. In the ordinary course of business, there may be matters for which the ultimate outcome is uncertain. Our evaluation is based on a number of factors, including changes
in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, 

11 

Table of Contents

Our income tax provision and tax reserves may be insufficient if a taxing authority is
successful in asserting positions that are contrary to our interpretations and related reserves, if any. (continued) 

correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. Although we believe our approach to determining the tax treatment is appropriate, no
assurance can be given that the final tax authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provision and related tax reserves. Such differences could have a material adverse effect on our income tax
provision in the period in which such determination is made and, consequently, on our net income for such period. 

We are
periodically audited by various federal, state, and local authorities regarding tax matters. Our current audits are in various stages of completion; however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion
of the audit, appeal and, in some cases, litigation process. As each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are appropriately recorded in our financial statements in the period determined. To provide for potential tax exposures, we maintain tax
reserves based on reasonable estimates of potential audit results. However, if the reserves are insufficient upon completion of an audit, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

We may not realize our deferred income tax assets. 

The ultimate realization of our deferred income tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income, executing tax planning strategies, and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences.
We have recorded valuation allowances against our deferred income tax assets. The valuation allowance will fluctuate as conditions change. 

Our ability to utilize net operating losses (“NOLs”), built-in losses (“BILs”), and tax credit carryforwards to offset our future taxable income and/or to recover previously paid taxes
would be limited if we were to undergo an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “IRC”). In general, an “ownership change” occurs whenever the percentage of the stock
of a corporation owned by “5-percent shareholders” (within the meaning of Section 382 of the IRC) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned by such “5-percent
shareholders” at any time over the testing period. 

An ownership change under Section 382 of the IRC would establish
an annual limitation to the amount of NOLs, BILs, and tax credit carryforwards we could utilize to offset our taxable income in any single year. The application of these limitations might prevent full utilization of the deferred tax assets
attributable to our NOLs, BILs, and tax credit carryforwards. We have not experienced an ownership change as defined by Section 382. To preserve our ability to utilize NOLs, BILs, and other tax benefits in the future without a Section 382
limitation, we adopted a shareholder rights plan, which is triggered upon certain transfers of our securities, and amended our by-laws to prohibit certain transfers of our securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing measures, there can be no assurance
that we will not undergo an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382. 

As a result of the merger with Centex,
our ability to use certain of Centex’s pre-ownership change NOLs, BILs, or deductions is limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The applicable Section 382 limitation is approximately $68 million per year for NOLs,
losses realized on built-in loss assets that are sold within 60 months of the ownership change, and certain deductions. The limitation may result in a significant portion of Centex’s pre-ownership change NOLs, BILs, and tax credit carryforwards
or deductions not being available for our use. 

We have significant goodwill and intangible assets. If the goodwill becomes impaired,
then our profits may be significantly reduced or eliminated and shareholders’ equity may be reduced. 

We have
recorded significant goodwill and intangible assets related to prior business combinations. We evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets whenever facts and circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We
also perform our annual impairment testing of goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year. If the carrying value of goodwill or intangible assets is deemed impaired, the carrying value is written down to fair value. This would result in a charge to
our operating earnings. We recorded goodwill impairments of $656.3 million, $563.0 million, and $5.7 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively, and have $240.5 million and $175.4 million of goodwill and intangible assets, respectively, remaining
at December 31, 2010. If management’s expectations of future results and cash flows decrease significantly, additional impairments of either goodwill or intangible assets may occur. 

12 

Table of Contents

Government regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and
homebuilding projects or affect our related financial services operations and adversely affect our business or financial results. 

Our operations are subject to building, environmental, and other regulations of various federal, state, and local governing authorities. For our homes to qualify for FHA or VA mortgages, we must satisfy
valuation standards and site, material, and construction requirements of those agencies. Our compliance with federal, state, and local laws relating to protection of the environment has had, to date, no material effect upon capital expenditures,
earnings, or competitive position. More stringent requirements could be imposed in the future on homebuilders and developers, thereby increasing the cost of compliance. 

New housing developments may be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets, and other public improvements. These can cause an increase in the effective prices for our homes. In addition,
increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as recently experienced in response to reduced federal and state funding, can adversely affect the ability of potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to purchase new
homes. 

We also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health,
safety, and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less
available. These matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas.

Our financial services operations are also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations. These include
eligibility requirements for participation in federal loan programs and compliance with consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure requirements, prohibitions against discrimination, and real estate settlement procedures. They may
also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies. These may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes. 

We are subject to claims related to mortgage loans we sold in the secondary mortgage market that may be significant. 

Our mortgage operations have made certain representations and warranties related to mortgage loans sold in the secondary mortgage market that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including
representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. Our mortgage operations may be, and have been,
required to repurchase loans and/or indemnify the investors that purchased the loans for losses due to material breaches of these representations and warranties. In addition, we entered into an agreement in conjunction with the wind down of
Centex’s mortgage operations, which originated its last loan in December 2009, that provides a guaranty for one major investor in loans originated by Centex’s mortgage operations. This guaranty provides that we will honor the
potential repurchase obligations of Centex’s mortgage operations related to breaches of similar representations in the origination of a certain pool of loans. 

The repurchase liability we recorded is estimated based on several factors, including the level of current and estimated probable future repurchase demands made by investors, our ability to cure the
defects identified in the repurchase demands, and the severity of loss upon repurchase. While we believe that our current repurchase liability reserves are adequate, the factors referred to above, upon which we estimate our repurchase
liability, are subject to change in light of market developments, the economic environment and other circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such reserves will not need to be increased in the
future. 

Homebuilding is subject to warranty and other claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.

As a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty, construction defect, and other claims arising in the ordinary
course of business. We record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. We have, and require the majority of
our subcontractors to have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers compensation, and other business insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured
per occurrence and aggregate retentions, deductibles, and available policy limits. Through our 

13 

Table of Contents

Homebuilding is subject to warranty and other claims in the ordinary course of business that can
be 

significant. (continued) 

captive insurance subsidiaries, we reserve for costs to cover our self-insured and deductible amounts under these policies and for any costs of claims and lawsuits, based on an analysis of our
historical claims, which includes an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Because of the uncertainties inherent in these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements, and our reserves
will be adequate to address all our warranty and construction defect claims in the future. Contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions, and some types of claims may not be covered
by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently costly and limited. We have responded to the recent increases in
insurance costs and coverage limitations by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted and become more costly. Additionally, we are exposed to counterparty
default risk related to our and our subcontractors’ insurance carriers. We seek to manage such risk by maintaining our policies with highly-rated carriers. 

Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries, increase costs, and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas. 

Our homebuilding operations are located in many areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather. The occurrence of natural
disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories, reduce the availability of materials, and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. Furthermore, if our insurance does
not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our earnings, liquidity, or capital resources could be adversely affected. 

Inflation may result in increased costs that we may not be able to recoup if demand declines. 

Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials, and labor may require us to increase the sales prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory margins. In
addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on housing demand, in which case we may not be able to raise home prices sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation and our margins could
decrease. 

Future terrorist attacks against the United States or increased domestic and international instability could have an adverse
effect on our operations. 

A future terrorist attack against the United States could cause a sharp decrease in the
number of new contracts signed for homes and an increase in the cancellation of existing contracts. Accordingly, adverse developments in the war on terrorism, future terrorist attacks against the United States, or increased domestic and
international instability could adversely affect our business. 

14 

Table of Contents