Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, distributable cash flow and value of our securities. These risks include,
among others: 

General 

As a global company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States. During 2013, we generated
approximately $527 million or 30.1% of our revenue from operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or
cash flow include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 differing employment practices and labor issues; 

•

 local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; 

•

 volatility in currencies; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and other laws; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of
terrorist or gang activities (particularly with respect to our operations in Mexico); 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions in operations with the respective countries; and 

•

 access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all in certain locations. 

Our global growth also subjects us to certain risks, including risks associated with funding increasing headcount, integrating new offices, and
establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations of new offices and to monitor compliance with regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act and similar laws. 

Although we have committed substantial resources to expand our global platform, if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with our
global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the ability of our non-United States subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash
among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other things.

The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our
results of operations and financial position. 

We have pursued, and intend to continue to pursue, growth opportunities in international
markets where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. At December 31, 2013, approximately $7.3 billion or 29.5 % of our total assets are invested in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the British pound
sterling, euro and Japanese yen. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value of the foreign currency of
one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, debt covenant ratios, results of operations and cash flow. Although we attempt to mitigate adverse effects by borrowing under
debt agreements denominated in foreign currencies and using derivative contracts, there can be no assurance that those attempts to mitigate foreign currency risk will be successful. 

7 

Table of Contents

Hedging arrangements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements and the risk of fluctuation in the relative value of the
foreign currency. The funds required to settle such arrangements could be significant depending on the stability and movement of foreign currency. The failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate changes may materially adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position. 

Disruptions in the Global Capital and Credit Markets may adversely affect our
operating results and financial condition. 

To the extent there is turmoil in the financial markets, it has the potential to materially
affect the value of our properties and investments in our unconsolidated entities, the availability or the terms of financing that we and our unconsolidated entities have or may anticipate utilizing, our ability and that of our unconsolidated
entities to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due and may impact the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. 

Any additional, continued or recurring disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related
to our Business 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to
investors. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our
ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not
reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. Like other companies qualifying as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable REIT
subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of such property. While we may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment in order to generate liquidity, if we do not satisfy certain safe
harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain from the sale, we may not pursue such sales. 

In the
event that we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations or available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may
include, without limitation, divesting ourselves of properties, whether or not they otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with our customers at lower rental
rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing customers without an increase in rental rates at turnover. There can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available
to us. Additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our
securities. 

General economic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically
concentrated, may impact financial results. 

We are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international
economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties.

As of December 31, 2013, approximately 32.6% of our consolidated operating properties or $5.8 billion (based on investment before
depreciation) are located in California, which represented 24.4% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 29.1% of our annualized base rent. Our revenue from, and the value of, our properties located in California may be
affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for industrial properties) and the local economic climate. Business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely
impact California’s economic climate. Because of the number of properties we have located in California, a downturn in California’s economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

In addition to
California, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3% of total investment before depreciation) in operating properties in certain global and regional markets located in Central & Eastern Pennsylvania, Chicago, Dallas/Fort
Worth, Japan, Mexico, New Jersey/New York City and South Florida. Our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. Conditions such as an
oversupply of distribution space or a reduction in demand for distribution space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. Any material oversupply of distribution space or material reduction in demand for distribution space could
adversely affect our results of operations, distributable cash flow and the value of our securities. 

In addition, the unconsolidated entities
in which we invest have concentrations of properties in the same markets mentioned above, as well as in markets in France, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and the United Kingdom, and are subject to the economic conditions in those markets.

A number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity. United States properties located in
active seismic areas include properties in the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, and Seattle. International properties located in active seismic 

8 

Table of Contents

areas include Japan and Mexico. We generally carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas historically subject to seismic activity, subject to coverage limitations and
deductibles if we believe it is commercially reasonable. We evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants and in some specific instances have elected to
self insure our earthquake exposure based on this analysis. We have elected not to carry earthquake insurance for our assets in Japan based on this analysis. 

Further, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to hurricane and/or flood risk. We carry hurricane and flood hazard insurance on all of our properties located in
areas historically subject to such activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles if we believe it is commercially reasonable. We evaluate our insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared
by outside consultants. 

Our insurance coverage does not include all potential losses. 

We and our unconsolidated entities currently carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from certain perils
such as fire and additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, namely windstorm, flood, earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance, as appropriate for the markets where each of our