Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, distributable cash flow and value of our securities. These risks include, among others: 

General

Disruptions in the Global Capital and Credit Markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Global market and economic conditions have been challenging with tighter credit conditions and slower growth in most major economies
during the last few years. Although signs of recovery are emerging, there are continued concerns about the systemic impact of inflation, the availability and cost of credit, a lagging real estate market and geopolitical issues that contribute to
increased market volatility and uncertain expectations for the global economy. To the extent there is turmoil in the financial markets, it has the potential to materially affect the value of our properties and investments in our unconsolidated
entities, the availability or the terms of financing that we and our unconsolidated entities have or may anticipate utilizing, our ability and that of our unconsolidated entities to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any
outstanding debt when due and may impact the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. 

The market volatility over the last several years has made the valuation of our properties and those of our unconsolidated entities more difficult. There may be significant uncertainty in the valuation,
or in the stability of the value, of our properties and those we invest in through unconsolidated entities, that could result in a decrease in the value of our properties and our investments in unconsolidated entities. As a result, we may not be
able to recover the current carrying amount of our investments in real estate properties, including our unconsolidated entities, which may require us to recognize an impairment charge in earnings where it is known in addition to the charges we
previously recognized. 

Any additional, continued or recurring disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

As a global company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States. During 2012, we generated approximately 41.8% or $838.6 million of our revenue from
operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow include, but are not limited to, the
following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 differing employment practices and labor issues; 

•

 local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; 

•

 volatility in currencies; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and other laws; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

8 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of
terrorist or gang activities (particularly with respect to our operations in Mexico); 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; and 

•

 access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all in certain locations. 

Our global growth also subjects us to certain risks, including risks associated with funding increasing headcount, integrating new offices, and
establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations of new offices and to monitor compliance with regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act and similar laws. 

Although we have committed substantial resources to expand our global platform, if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with our
global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the ability of our non-United States subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash
among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other things.

The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our
results of operations and financial position. 

We have pursued, and intend to continue to pursue, growth opportunities in international
markets where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. At December 31, 2012, approximately 40.6% or $11.1 billion of our total assets are invested in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the British pound sterling,
euro and Japanese yen. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more
countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, debt covenant ratios, results of operations and cash flow. Although we attempt to mitigate adverse effects by borrowing under debt
agreements denominated in foreign currencies and using derivative contracts, there can be no assurance that those attempts to mitigate foreign currency risk will be successful. Hedging arrangements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties
may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements and the risk of fluctuation in the relative value of the foreign currency. The funds required to settle such arrangements could be significant depending on the stability and movement
of foreign currency. The failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition,
significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. Like other
companies qualifying as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable REIT subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of
such property. While we may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment in order to generate liquidity, if we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain
from the sale, we may not pursue such sales. 

In the event that we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations or
available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, divesting ourselves of properties, whether or not they
otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with our customers at lower rental rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing
customers without an increase in rental rates at turnover. There can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available to us. Additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related to our Business 

General economic conditions and other events or
occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated, may impact financial results. 

We are exposed to
general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic
conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. 

9 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2012, approximately 25.1% of our consolidated operating properties or $5.7 billion
(based on investment before depreciation) are located in California, which represented 20.5% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 23.1% of our annualized base rent. Our revenue from, and the value of, our properties
located in California may be affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for industrial properties) and the local economic climate. Business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and
other factors may adversely impact California’s economic climate. Because of the number of properties we have located in California, a downturn in California’s economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

In addition to California, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3% of total investment before depreciation) in operating properties in certain global and regional markets located in
Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, France, Japan, Mexico, New Jersey/New York City, South Florida and the United Kingdom. Our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a
concentration of properties. Conditions such as an oversupply of distribution space or a reduction in demand for distribution space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. Any material oversupply of distribution space or material
reduction in demand for distribution space could adversely affect our results of operations, distributable cash flow and the value of our securities. 

In addition, the unconsolidated entities in which we invest have concentrations of properties in the same markets mentioned above, as well as in markets in Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Seattle are
subject to the economic conditions in those markets. 

A number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to
earthquake activity. United States properties located in active seismic areas include properties in the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, and Seattle. International properties located in active seismic areas include Japan and Mexico. We generally
carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas historically subject to seismic activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles if we believe it is commercially reasonable. We evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage
annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants and in some specific instances have elected to self insure our earthquake exposure based on this analysis. We have elected not to carry earthquake
insurance for wholly owned assets in Japan based on this analysis. 

Further, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to
be subject to hurricane and/or flood risk. We carry hurricane and flood hazard insurance on all of our properties located in areas historically subject to such activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles if we believe it is
commercially reasonable. We evaluate our insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants. 

Our insurance coverage does not include all potential losses. 

We and our
unconsolidated entities currently carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from certain perils such as fire and additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, namely windstorm, flood,
earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance, as appropriate for the markets where each of our properties and business operations are located. The insurance coverage contains policy specifications and
insured limits customarily carried for similar properties, business activities and markets. We believe our properties and the properties of our unconsolidated entities are adequately insured. However, there are certain losses, including losses from
floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, that are not generally insured against or that are not generally fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. If an uninsured loss or a loss
in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt
associated with the property. 

Furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with
sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds insured limits with respect to one or more of our properties or if the insurance companies fail to meet their coverage commitments to us
in the event of an insured loss, then we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from those properties and, if there is recourse debt, then we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt
or other financial obligations related to the properties. Any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security
holders and the market price of our securities. 

Investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect
our business. 

Investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. While we seek to minimize these risks
through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our property management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. Some of the factors that may affect real estate values include: 

•

 local conditions, such as an oversupply of distribution space or a reduction in demand for distribution space in an area; 

•

 the attractiveness of our properties to potential customers; 

•

 competition from other available properties; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 increasing costs of rehabilitating, repositioning, renovating and making improvements to our properties; 

•

 our ability to provide adequate maintenance of, and insurance on, our properties; 

•

 our ability to control rents and variable operating costs; 

•

 governmental regulations, including zoning, usage and tax laws and changes in these laws; and 

•

 potential liability under, and changes in, environmental, zoning and other laws. 

Our investments are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that
sector. 

Our investments in real estate assets are primarily concentrated in the industrial distribution sector. This concentration may
expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified. 

Our operating results and distributable cash flow will depend on the continued generation of lease revenues from customers and we may be unable to
lease vacant space or renew leases or re-lease space on favorable terms as leases expire. 

Our operating results and distributable cash
flow would be adversely affected if a significant number of our customers were unable to meet their lease obligations. We are also subject to the risk that, upon the expiration of leases for space located in our properties, leases may not be renewed
by existing customers, the space may not be re-leased to new customers or the terms of renewal or re-leasing (including the cost of required renovations or concessions to customers) may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. Our
competitors may offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge
in order to retain customers when our customers’ leases expire. In the event of default by a significant number of customers, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord, and may be unable to
re-lease spaces. A customer may experience a downturn in its business, which may cause the loss of the customer or may weaken its financial condition, resulting in the customer’s failure to make rental payments when due or requiring a
restructuring that might reduce cash flow from the lease. In addition, a customer may seek the protection of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such customer’s lease and thereby cause
a reduction in our available cash flow. 

If we decide to contribute or sell properties to an unconsolidated entity or third parties to
generate proceeds, we may not be successful. 

We may contribute or sell properties to certain of our unconsolidated entities or third
parties on a case-by-case basis. Our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties; market conditions, including the capitalization rates
applicable to our properties; and other factors beyond our control. If our competitors sell assets similar to assets we intend to divest in the same markets and/or at valuations below our valuations for comparable assets, we may be unable to divest
our assets at favorable pricing or on favorable terms or at all. The unconsolidated entity or third parties who might acquire our properties may need to have access to debt and equity capital, in the private and public markets, in order to acquire