BUSINESS
 RISKS

 Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse
 consequences to us. These risks include, among others:

 Risks of
 the Current Economic Environment

 If the
 global market and economic crisis intensifies or continues in
 the long term, disruptions in the capital and credit markets may
 adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows
 and financial condition.

 Recent global market and economic conditions have been
 unprecedented and challenging with tighter credit conditions,
 slower growth through the fourth quarter of 2008 and recession
 in most major economies continuing into 2009. Continued concerns
 about the systemic impact of inflation, the availability and
 cost of credit, declining real estate market, energy costs and
 geopolitical issues have contributed to increased market
 volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy.
 In the fourth quarter of 2008, added concerns fueled by the
 failure of several large financial institutions and government
 interventions in the credit markets led to increased market
 uncertainty and instability in the capital and credit markets.
 These conditions, combined with declining business activity
 levels and consumer confidence, increased unemployment and
 volatile oil prices, have contributed to unprecedented levels of
 volatility in the capital markets. If the global market and
 economic crisis intensifies or continues in the long term,
 disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely
 affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and
 financial condition.

 As a result of these market conditions, the cost and
 availability of credit have been and may continue to be
 adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit
 spreads. Concern about the stability of the markets generally
 and the strength of counterparties specifically has led many
 lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some
 cases, cease to provide funding to businesses and consumers.
 These factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses
 and consumers alike, and a corresponding decrease in global
 infrastructure spending. While we currently believe that we have
 sufficient working capital and capacity under our credit
 facilities in the near term, continued turbulence in the global
 markets and economies and prolonged declines in business and
 consumer spending may adversely affect our liquidity and
 financial condition, as well as the liquidity and financial
 condition of our customers. If these market conditions persist
 in the long term, they may limit our ability, and the ability of
 our customers, to timely replace maturing liabilities, and
 access the credit markets to meet liquidity needs.

 If the long-term debt ratings of the operating partnership fall
 below our current levels, the borrowing cost of debt under our
 unsecured credit facilities and certain term loans may increase.
 In addition, if the long-term debt ratings of the operating
 partnership fall below investment grade, we may be unable to
 request borrowings in currencies other than U.S. dollars or
 Japanese Yen, as applicable; however, the lack of other currency
 borrowings does not affect our ability to fully draw down under
 the credit facilities or term loans. While we currently do not
 expect our long-term debt ratings to fall below investment
 grade, in the event that our ratings do fall below those levels,
 we may be unable to exercise our options to extend the term of
 our credit facilities or our $230 million secured term loan
 credit agreement, and the loss of our ability to borrow in
 foreign currencies could affect our ability to optimally hedge
 our borrowings against foreign currency exchange rate changes.
 In addition, while based on publicly available information
 regarding our lenders, we currently do not expect to lose
 borrowing capacity under our existing lines of credit and term
 loans as a result of a dissolution, bankruptcy, consolidation,
 merger or other business combination among our lenders, we
 cannot assure you that continuing long-term disruptions in the
 global economy and the continuation of tighter credit conditions
 among, and potential failures of, third-party financial
 institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an
 adverse effect on our borrowing capacity and liquidity position.
 Our access to funds under our credit facilities is dependent on
 the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities
 to meet their funding commitments to us. We can not assure you
 that if one of our lenders fails (some of whom are lenders under
 a number of our facilities), we will be successful in finding a
 replacement lender and, as a result, our borrowing capacity
 under the applicable facilities may be permanently reduced. If
 we do not have sufficient cash flows and income from our
 operations to meet our financial commitments and those lenders

 9

Table of Contents

 are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our
 business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
 condition could be adversely affected.

 Certain of our third-party indebtedness is held by our
 consolidated or unconsolidated joint ventures. In the event that
 our joint venture partner is unable to meet its obligations
 under our joint venture agreements or the third-party debt
 agreements, we may elect to pay our joint venture partner’s
 portion of debt to avoid foreclosure on the mortgaged property
 or permit the lender to foreclose on the mortgaged property to
 meet the joint venture’s debt obligations. In either case,
 we could face a loss of income and asset value on the property.

 Until the financial and real estate markets stabilize, we have
 limited our capital deployment activities to situations where we
 are fulfilling prior commitments. There can be no assurance that
 the markets will stabilize in the near future or that we will
 choose to or be able to increase our levels of capital
 deployment at such time or ever. In addition, a continued
 increase in the cost of credit and inability to access the
 capital and credit markets may adversely impact the occupancy of
 our properties, the disposition of our properties, private
 capital raising and contribution of properties to our
 co-investment ventures. For example, an inability to fully lease
 our properties may result in such properties not meeting our
 investment criteria for contributions to our co-investment
 ventures. If we are unable to contribute completed development