”. 

Insurance Coverage 

We carry insurance coverage on our properties. We determine the type of coverage and the policy specifications and limits based on what we deem to be the risks associated with our ownership of properties
and our business operations in specific markets. Such coverages include property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from such perils as fire, additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, named windstorm, flood, earthquake
and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance. Insurance is maintained through a combination of commercial insurance, self insurance and through a wholly-owned captive insurance entity. We believe that our
insurance coverage contains policy specifications and insured limits that are customary for similar properties, business activities and markets and we believe our properties are adequately insured. However, an uninsured loss could result in loss of
capital investment and anticipated revenues and earnings. See further discussion in “Item 1A. Risk Factors”. 

 

Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, distributable cash flow and value of our securities. These risks include, among others: 

General

Disruptions in the Global Capital and Credit Markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Global market and economic conditions have been challenging with tighter credit conditions and slower growth in most major economies
during the last few years. Although signs of recovery may exist, there are continued concerns about the systemic impact of inflation, the availability and cost of credit, a lagging real estate market and geopolitical issues that contribute to
increased market volatility and uncertain expectations for the global economy. To the extent there is turmoil in the financial markets, it has the potential to materially affect the value of our properties and investments in our unconsolidated
investees, the availability or the terms of financing that we and our unconsolidated investees have or may anticipate utilizing, our ability and that of our unconsolidated investees to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any
outstanding debt when due and may impact the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. 

The market volatility over the last several years has made the valuation of our properties and those of our unconsolidated investees more difficult. There may be significant uncertainty in the valuation,
or in the stability of the value, of our properties and those of our unconsolidated investees, that could result in a decrease in the value of our properties and those of our unconsolidated investees. As a result, we may not be able to recover the
current carrying amount of our investments in real estate properties, including our unconsolidated investees, which may require us to recognize an impairment charge in earnings in addition to the charges we previously recognized. 

Any additional, continued or recurring disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

As a global
company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries. 

We conduct a significant portion
of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States. During 2011, we generated approximately 41.9% or $642 million of our revenue from operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to
international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 differing employment practices and labor issues; 

•

 local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; 

•

 volatility in currencies; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and other laws; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

7 

Table of Contents

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of
terrorist or gang activities (particularly with respect to our operations in Mexico); 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; and 

•

 access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all in certain locations. 

Our global growth (including growth in new regions in the United States) also subjects us to certain risks, including risks associated with funding
increasing headcount, integrating new offices, and establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations of new offices and to monitor compliance with regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and
similar laws. 

Although we have committed substantial resources to expand our global platform, if we are unable to successfully manage the
risks associated with our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay
interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other things. 

The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

We have pursued, and intend to continue to pursue, growth opportunities in international markets where the U.S. dollar is not the functional
currency. At December 31, 2011, approximately 43.5% or $12.1 billion of our total assets are invested in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, Japanese yen and British pound sterling. As a result, we are subject to
foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, debt covenant ratios and results of operations. Although we attempt to mitigate adverse effects by borrowing under debt agreements denominated in foreign currencies and, on occasion and when
deemed appropriate, using derivative contracts, there can be no assurance that those attempts to mitigate foreign currency risk will be successful. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition,
significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. Like other
companies qualifying as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable REIT subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of
such property. While we may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment in order to generate liquidity, if we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain
from the sale, we may not pursue such sales. 

In the event that we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations or
available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, divesting ourselves of properties, whether or not they
otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with our customers at lower rental rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing
customers without an increase in rental rates at turnover. There can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available to us. Additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related to our Business 

General economic conditions and other events or
occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated, may impact financial results. 

We are exposed to
general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic
conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. 

As of December 31, 2011, approximately 23.0% of our
consolidated operating properties or $4.9 billion (based on investment before depreciation) are located in California, which represented 18.8% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 20.8% of our annualized base rent. Our
revenue from, and the value of, our properties located in California may be affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for industrial properties) and the local economic climate. Business layoffs, downsizing,
industry 

8 

Table of Contents

slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely impact California’s economic climate. Because of the number of properties we have located in California, a downturn in
California’s economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities.

In addition to California, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3% of total investment before depreciation) in operating