BUSINESS
 RISKS

 The company’s operations involve various risks that could
 have adverse consequences to it. These risks include, among
 others:

 Risks of
 the Current Economic Environment

 Disruptions
 in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect
 the company’s business, results of operations, cash flows
 and financial condition.

 Global market and economic conditions have been unprecedented
 and challenging with tighter credit conditions, slower growth
 and recession in most major economies during the last two years.
 Although signs of recovery may exist, there are continued
 concerns about the systemic impact of inflation, the
 availability and cost of credit, a declining real estate market,
 and geopolitical issues that contribute to increased market
 volatility and uncertain expectations for the global economy.
 These conditions, combined with declining business activity
 levels and consumer confidence, increased unemployment and
 volatile oil prices, contributed to unprecedented levels of
 volatility in the capital markets during the last two years. Any
 additional, continued or recurring disruptions in the capital
 and credit markets may adversely affect the company’s
 business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
 condition.

 As a result of these market conditions, the cost and
 availability of credit have been and may continue to be
 adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit
 spreads. Concern about the stability of the markets generally
 and the strength of counterparties specifically has led many
 lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some
 cases, cease to provide funding to businesses and consumers.
 These factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses
 and consumers alike, and a corresponding decrease in global
 infrastructure spending. While the company currently believes
 that it has sufficient working capital and capacity under its
 credit facilities in the near term, continued or recurring
 turbulence in the global markets and economies and prolonged
 declines in business and consumer spending may adversely affect
 its liquidity and financial condition, as well as the liquidity
 and financial condition of its customers. If these market
 conditions persist, recur or worsen in the long term, they may
 limit the company’s ability, and the ability of its
 customers, to timely replace maturing liabilities, and access
 the credit markets to meet liquidity needs.

 If the long-term debt ratings of the operating partnership fall
 below its current levels, the borrowing cost of debt under its
 unsecured credit facilities and certain term loans may increase.
 In addition, if the long-term debt ratings of the operating
 partnership fall below investment grade, it may be unable to
 request borrowings in currencies other than U.S. dollars or
 Japanese Yen, as applicable; however, the lack of other currency
 borrowings does not affect its ability to fully draw down under
 the credit facilities or term loans. While the operating
 partnership currently does not expect its long-term debt ratings
 to fall below investment grade, in the event that its ratings do
 fall below those levels, it may be unable to exercise its
 options to extend the term of its credit facilities, and the
 loss of its ability to borrow in foreign currencies could affect
 its ability to optimally hedge its borrowings against foreign
 currency exchange rate changes. In addition, the company cannot
 assure you that additional, continuing or recurring long-term
 disruptions in the global economy and the continuation of
 tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures of,
 third-party financial institutions as a result of such
 disruptions will not have an adverse effect on the operating
 partnership’s borrowing capacity and liquidity position.
 The operating partnership’s access to funds under its
 credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the lenders
 that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding
 commitments to the operating partnership. The company cannot
 assure you that if one of the operating partnership’s
 lenders fails (some of whom are lenders under a number of the
 operating partnership’s facilities), the operating
 partnership will be successful in finding a replacement lender
 and, as a result, its borrowing capacity under the applicable
 facilities may be permanently reduced. If the company does not
 have sufficient cash flows and income from its operations to
 meet its financial commitments and those lenders are not able to
 meet their funding commitments to the operating partnership, the
 company’s business, results of operations, cash flows and
 financial condition could be adversely affected.

 14

Table of Contents

 Certain of the company’s third-party indebtedness is held
 by the company’s consolidated or unconsolidated joint
 ventures. In the event that the company’s joint venture
 partner is unable to meet its obligations under the joint
 venture agreements or the third-party debt agreements, the
 company may elect to pay its joint venture partner’s
 portion of debt to avoid foreclosure on the mortgaged property
 or permit the lender to foreclose on the mortgaged property to
 meet the joint venture’s debt obligations. In either case,
 the company could face a loss of income and asset value on the
 property.

 There can be no assurance that the markets will stabilize in the
 near future or that the company will choose to or be able to
 increase its levels of capital deployment at such time or ever.
 In addition, a continued increase in the cost of credit and
 inability to access the capital and credit markets may adversely
 impact the occupancy of the company’s properties, the
 disposition of its properties, private capital raising and
 contribution of properties to its co-investment ventures. For
 example, an inability to fully lease the company’s