.

The risk factors described below identify what we believe to be the most significant risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance. These risk factors should be considered and evaluated together with information incorporated by reference or otherwise presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we believe are immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows.

Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and key components for our products from suppliers, including limited or single source suppliers, could have an adverse effect on the results of our business operations and could damage our relationship with customers. 

The manufacturing of our products is dependent on an adequate supply of raw materials and key components. Our ability to maintain an adequate supply of such materials and components, especially those materials and components that are single-sourced or have a limited number of suppliers (primarily those which are plastic resin based), could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials and components and related commodities and maintaining relationships with key suppliers. Even where multiple sources of materials and components are available, the quality of the alternative materials (including the composition of such supplies), regulatory and contractual requirements to qualify materials for use in manufacturing, and the time required to establish new relationships with reliable suppliers could result in manufacturing delays and possible loss of sales. If our supply of raw materials and key components is adversely affected, our relationship with current and prospective customers could be damaged, a short-fall in our expected sales could occur and our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

10

Terrorist acts, conflicts and wars or natural disasters may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

While we have taken precautions to prevent production and service interruptions at our global facilities, the occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood, power outage or other catastrophic event or natural disaster could disrupt or delay critical business operations, which may result in significant liability to customers, cause reputational damage or have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Of note are our manufacturing facilities located along the Florida coast line, United States Eastern seaboard and Japan, which have experienced and weathered significant storms and other natural disasters over the last few years.

We operate with a large international footprint. As such, we are subject to increased risk of damage or disruption to our business, employees, facilities, suppliers, distributors or customers due to terrorist acts, conflicts, acts of wars or political instability (wherever located around the world). The potential for future terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to terrorist attacks, political instability, and other acts of war or hostility have created many economic and political uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business. Any such events could decrease the demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible to deliver our products to customers or to receive materials from suppliers or create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain, which in turn adversely affects our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our international operations are subject to special U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations to import-export control, which may expose us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.

Our international operations are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws and regulations that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations and transact business with governmental customers in countries known to experience corruption. Our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, distributors, consultants or contractors that could be in violation of various laws, including the FCPA, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. We are also subject to import-export control regulations restricting the import-export of certain components and products, including the SEC rules for disclosing use of conflict minerals. 

Although we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program, we cannot guarantee that our employees, distributors, consultants or contractors are or will be in compliance with all potential applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign regulations and/or laws. If our agents fail to comply with the FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws and regulations or applicable import-export control regulations, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines and incarceration for responsible individuals, and the possible loss of export or import privileges which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Emerging markets are a focus of our international growth strategy and we may be adversely affected by the greater economic, political, social and regulatory instability, and other risks characteristic of doing business in emerging markets. 

Our strategy to grow our business includes continued expansion of international activities within developing markets and areas, such as Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. In some cases, countries in these regions have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions and differing local customer product requirements than our other markets. Operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes us to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices and legal, compliance and regulatory requirements that are subject to change, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation and repatriation of earnings. Such expansion efforts may also require the use of capital and other resources of ours that could be invested in other areas. As these emerging geographic markets become more important to us, our competitors are also seeking to expand their production capacities and sales in these same markets, which may lead to industry overcapacity that could adversely affect pricing, volumes and financial results in such markets. These risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our business strategy in these markets, and as a result, our sales growth and operating profits may be adversely affected.

11

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates may materially affect operating results.

In fiscal year 2013, we derived approximately 
74%
 of sales from outside the U.S. Although sales and expenditures outside the U.S. with third parties are typically made in the local currencies of those countries providing a natural hedge against fluctuations in foreign currency rates, we retain significant exposure to the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the currencies of inter-company trading partners. Accordingly, operating results may be materially affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The primary foreign currency exposures relate to adverse changes in the U.S. dollar compared to each of the Euro, the British Pound, the Brazilian Real, the Japanese Yen, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc and the Singapore Dollar, as well as adverse changes in the relationship of the British Pound to the Euro.

Our debt portfolio was approximately 
27%
 variable rate and cash and cash equivalents was 
100%
 variable rate at July 31, 2013. Pension obligations, and attendant pension expense, are recognized on a discounted basis using long-term interest rates. Accordingly, fluctuations in short and long-term interest rates may also materially affect operating results.

If we experience a significant disruption in, or a breach in security of, our information technology systems or if we fail to implement, manage or integrate new systems, software and technologies successfully, it could harm our business.

Our information technology (“IT”) systems are an integral part of our business. We depend on our IT systems to process transactions, manage logistics, keep financial records, prepare our financial reporting and operate other critical functions. Security breaches, cyber-attacks or other serious disruption of our IT systems can create systemic disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to such breaches, attacks or other disruptions, our operations could be adversely affected or we may suffer financial or reputational damage. 

In addition, our ability to effectively implement our business plans in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning, reporting and analytical processes and systems. We are improving and expect that we will need to continue to improve and further integrate our IT systems, reporting systems and operating procedures on an ongoing basis. If we fail to do so effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to achieve our objectives.

We may not be able to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions.

We have expressed the intention to undertake acquisitions, in part as a means to obtain new products and new technologies. In the event such acquisitions are undertaken, there is no assurance of our ability to complete any such transactions due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, competition for opportunities, increase in costs and price for acquisition candidates and the ability to obtain any necessary financing. In the event any acquisitions are completed, we may experience delays or unexpected difficulties in the integration process which could adversely impact our business. Moreover, even if we are successful in integrating acquired businesses, we may not achieve the operating efficiencies and synergies or other expected transaction benefits or such benefits may not be achieved within the expected time frame. Our inability to complete, integrate or gain expected benefits and synergies from acquisitions could adversely impact our operating results, financial condition and ability to obtain our objectives including the impairment of intangible assets recorded at the time of acquisition. Businesses that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities which could adversely affect our business. Although we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from transactions and seek indemnification for at least a portion of these matters, we may experience difficulty enforcing those contractual provisions.

Our future growth depends on new products and new technology innovation.

Our future growth depends in part on maintaining our competitive advantage with current products in new and existing markets, as well as our ability to develop new products and technologies to serve such markets. To the extent that competitors develop competitive products and technologies, or new products or technologies which achieve higher customer satisfaction, our business prospects could be adversely impacted. In addition, regulatory approvals for new products or technologies may be required, which approvals may not be obtained in a timely or cost effective manner, adversely impacting our business prospects.

We may be adversely affected by global and regional economic conditions and legislative, regulatory and political developments.

We conduct operations around the globe. We expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of sales and earnings from outside the U.S. The uncertain global macroeconomic environment, particularly the current economic concerns in Europe and Asia wherein we derived approximately 
39%
 and 
29%
 of sales respectively, in fiscal year 2013, and other countries in which we derive significant sales could continue to have a negative impact on demand for our products. The prospects, strength, sustainability and timing of an improvement in the current environment remain uncertain as does the possibility of an economic downturn in the U.S. and other countries around the globe.

12

The uncertainty or deterioration of the global economic environment could adversely affect us. Customers or suppliers may experience cash flow problems and as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and suppliers may significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient sales or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to us. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to purchase our products and/or to pay us for our products may adversely affect our sales, earnings and cash flow. Sales and earnings could also be affected by our ability to manage the risks and uncertainties associated with the application of local legal requirements or the enforceability of laws and contractual obligations, trade protection measures, changes in tax laws, regional political instability, war, terrorist activities, severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions and natural disasters as well as health epidemics or pandemics.

We are subject to significant regulatory obligations.

Our operations are subject to a broad array of regulatory requirements globally. In particular, a number of our Life Science business units must satisfy domestic and international standards in the medical, biopharmaceutical and other health sciences areas involving products and technologies which impact human health and safety. In addition, some of our Industrial operations, particularly Aerospace, must meet governmental requirements in terms of contracting, sourcing, financial accounting standards, product testing and reporting. There are also business operations which produce products regulated by import/export regulations because their actual or potential use is considered sensitive and involves substantial licensing and record-keeping obligations. Failure to meet one or more of these various regulatory obligations could have adverse consequences in the event of material non-compliance. Conversely, compliance with these regulatory obligations and the new SEC rules for disclosing use of conflict minerals, may require us to incur significant expenses. 

We may be adversely affected by the loss of one or more members of our senior management team or the inability to recruit and retain qualified management personnel.

Our business depends, in large part, on the continued efforts of our senior management team. The unplanned loss of key personnel could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain highly qualified individuals, including those in middle management positions, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. There is substantial competition for highly qualified individuals and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining individuals to fill vacant or newly created positions. The resulting gaps in key senior and middle management positions could adversely affect our operations. 

Changes in demand for our products and business relationships with key customers and suppliers may affect operating results.

To achieve our objectives, we must develop and sell products that are subject to the demands of our customers. This is dependent on many factors including, but not limited to, managing and maintaining relationships with key customers, responding to the rapid pace of technological change and obsolescence, which may require increased investment by us or result in greater pressure to commercialize developments rapidly or at prices that may not fully recover the associated investment, and the effect on demand resulting from customers’ research and development, capital expenditure plans and capacity utilization. If we are unable to keep up with our customers’ demands, our sales, earnings and operating results may be negatively affected.

Changes in product mix and product pricing may affect our operating results particularly with systems products and associated hardware and devices (together “Capital Goods”) for our consumable filtration products, in which we experience significantly longer sales cycles with less predictable revenue and no certainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services.

Our business strategy is partially reliant on sales of Capital Goods. As these are generally sold at lower gross margins than many other products, our overall gross margin could decline if these Capital Goods sales continue to grow as a percentage of total sales and the anticipated future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services are not realized. Our Capital Goods generally also experience significantly longer sales cycles and involve less predictable revenue and uncertainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services. Current slow growth global business conditions typically affect Capital Goods sales more than consumables sales. In addition, the profitability of our Capital Goods sales depends substantially on the ability of management to accurately estimate the costs involved in manufacturing and implementing the relevant capital product according to the customer’s specifications. Our estimates can be adversely affected by disruptions in a customer’s plans or operations, on-time completion of third party equipment and infrastructure required prior to delivery of our Capital Goods, and unforeseen events, such as manufacturing defects. Failure to accurately estimate our cost of Capital Goods sales can adversely affect the profitability of those sales, and we may not be able to recover lost profits through pricing or other actions.

13

Product defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements
.

Manufacturing or design defects (including in products or components that we source from third parties), unanticipated use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to, the use of products that we make and sell may lead to personal injury, death or property damage. These events could lead to recalls or alerts relating to our products, result in the removal of a product from the market or result in product liability claims being brought against us. Product recalls, removals and liability claims can lead to significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products.

We may be unable to deliver our backlog on time, which could affect future sales and profitability and our relationships with customers.

Our ability to meet customer delivery schedules for backlog is dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, sufficient manufacturing plant capacity, adequate supply channel access to raw materials and other inventory required for production, an adequately trained and capable workforce, project engineering expertise for certain large projects and appropriate planning and scheduling of manufacturing resources. Many of the contracts we enter into with our customers require long manufacturing lead times and contain penalty clauses related to on-time delivery. Failure to deliver in accordance with customer expectations could subject us to financial penalties, may result in damage to existing customer relationships and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increases in manufacturing and operating costs and/or the ability to achieve the savings anticipated from our structural cost improvement initiatives may affect operating results.

Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, energy and related utilities and cost of labor. The achievement of our financial objectives is reliant on our ability to manage these fluctuations through cost savings or recovery actions and efficiency initiatives.

We continue to pursue a number of structural cost improvement initiatives. These efforts may not improve our financial performance or produce the full efficiencies and benefits we expect due to delays or other factors affecting our execution of these initiatives. 

Our operations and products are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and violations could adversely affect our operating results.

Our operations and products are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the use, generation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. We must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions with our operations and products. We cannot assure that our environmental, health and safety compliance program has been, or will at all times be, effective. Failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements.

We currently incur costs and may incur additional costs related to remedial efforts of alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. We may also become subject to additional remedial or compliance costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations and changes in accounting rules. We cannot make assurance that our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and reputation or that we will not be subject to additional claims for cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities.

14

We may not successfully enforce patents or protect proprietary products and manufacturing techniques.

We own numerous patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Some of these patented technologies and other intellectual property require substantial resources to develop. Our intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, steps taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented or designed-around. The failure to obtain or maintain our intellectual property rights or the costs to adequately protect our intellectual property, including costs to detect or prevent circumvention, unauthorized use and enforcement of rights, could adversely impact our competitive position and operating results.

We are subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our financial statements.

We are subject to various litigations and similar proceedings incidental to our business that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including claims for damages arising out of the use of our products and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, environmental matters and personal injury. These lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits may divert management’s attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our financial statements. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses and expenses. In addition, developments in legal proceedings in any given period may require us to revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters or adjust the loss contingency estimate that is recorded in our financial statements, which could adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. It cannot be assured that our liabilities in connection with litigation and similar proceedings will not exceed estimates or adversely affect our financial statements or reputation.

Changes in our effective tax rate may affect financial results.

Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may affect financial results. Our effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation based on a variety of factors, such as:

▪

the geographical mix of income derived from the countries in which we operate;

▪

the nature, timing and impact of permanent or temporary changes in tax rates, laws or regulations; 

▪

the timing and amount of our repatriation of foreign earnings; 

▪

the timing and nature of our resolution of uncertain income tax positions;

▪

acquisitions and dispositions of businesses; and

▪

our success in managing our effective tax rate through the implementation of global tax and cash management strategies.

We operate in numerous countries and are subject to taxation in all of the countries in which we operate. The tax rules and regulations in such countries can be complex and, in many cases, uncertain in their application. In addition to challenges to our tax positions arising during routine audits, disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation or application of certain rules to our business conducted within the country involved and with respect to intercompany transactions when the parties are taxed in different jurisdictions.

We are subject to domestic and international competition in all of our global markets.

We are subject to competition in all of the global markets in which we operate. Our achievement of our objectives is reliant on our ability to successfully respond to many competitive factors including, but not limited to, pricing, technological innovations, product quality, customer service, manufacturing capabilities and hiring and retention of qualified personnel. Our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our operating results.

Restrictive covenants in our debt facilities could adversely affect our business.

Agreements governing our indebtedness include certain covenants, which among other things, can restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments and other restricted payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, create liens and sell assets. Moreover, certain of these agreements require us to maintain specified financial ratios. These and other covenants in our agreements may restrict our ability to fully pursue our business strategies. Our ability to comply with such covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

15