.

The risk factors described below are not inclusive of all risk factors but highlight those that the Company believes are the most significant and that could impact its performance and financial results. These risk factors should be considered together with all other information presented in this Form 10-K report.

Changes in product mix and product pricing may affect the Company’s operating results particularly as the systems business expands in which significantly longer sales cycles are experienced with less predictable revenue and no certainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services.

The Company’s TFM strategy is partially reliant on sales of integrated systems. As systems are generally sold at lower gross margins than many other products, gross margins could decline if systems sales continue to grow as a percentage of total sales and the anticipated future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services are not realized. 

Increases in costs of manufacturing and operating costs may affect operating results.

The Company’s costs are subject to fluctuations particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, energy and related utilities and cost of labor. The achievement of the Company’s financial objectives is reliant on its ability to manage these fluctuations through cost savings actions and efficiency initiatives.

The Company may not be able to achieve the savings anticipated from its cost reduction and margin improvement initiatives including the timing of completion of its facilities rationalization initiative.

In fiscal year 2006, the Company began an extensive program to restructure manufacturing operations, including the closing of up to 12 facilities around the globe. One of the purposes of this initiative is to reduce manufacturing costs and improve gross margins. Unexpected delays or other factors in the facilities rationalization 
initiative and other cost reduction initiatives could impact the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated savings and the planned impact to improve or maintain gross margins.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates may affect operating results.

In fiscal year 2006, the Company derived 66% of sales from outside the United States. Sales outside the United States are typically made in the local currencies of those countries. As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may affect operating results. Giving effect to interest rate swaps, the Company’s debt portfolio was approximately 55% variable rate at July 31, 2006. Fluctuations in interest rates may affect operating results.

The Company may not be able to obtain regulatory approval or market acceptance of new technologies.

Part of the Company’s planned growth is dependent on new products and technologies. Some of those new products may require regulatory approval. Growth from those new technologies may not be realized if regulatory approval is not granted or customer demand for those products or technologies does not materialize.

6

Back to Contents

Changes in demand for the Company’s products and business relationships with key customers and suppliers including delays or cancellations in shipments may affect operating results.

To achieve its objectives, the Company must develop and sell products that are subject to the demands of customers. This is dependent on many factors including, but not limited to, managing and maintaining relationships with key customers, responding to the rapid pace of technological change and obsolescence, which may require increased investment by or greater pressure to commercialize developments rapidly or at prices that may not fully recover the associated investment, and the effect on demand resulting from customers’ research, development and capital expenditure plans. 

The manufacturing of the Company’s products is dependent on an adequate supply of raw materials. The Company’s ability to maintain an adequate supply of raw materials could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials and maintaining relationships with key suppliers.

The Company may not successfully enforce patents and protect proprietary products and manufacturing techniques. 

Some of the Company’s products, as well as some competitor’s products, are based on patented technology and other intellectual property rights. Some of these patented technologies and intellectual property require substantial resources to develop. Operating results may be affected by the Company’s ability to defend its intellectual property against unauthorized use by others as well as third-party challenges to its intellectual property. 

The Company may not be able to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions. 

In so far as acquisition opportunities are identified, there is no assurance of the Company’s ability to complete any such transactions and successfully integrate the acquired business as planned.

The Company is subject to domestic and international competition in all of its global markets. 

The Company is subject to competition in all of the global markets in which it operates. The Company’s achievement of its objectives is reliant on its ability to successfully respond to many competitive factors including, but not limited to, pricing, technological innovations, product quality, customer service, manufacturing capabilities and hiring and retention of qualified personnel.

The Company may be impacted by global and regional economic conditions and legislative, regulatory and political developments. 

The
 Company conducts operations around the globe. The Company expects to continue
 to derive a substantial portion of sales and earnings from outside the United
 States. Sales and earnings could be impacted by the Company’s
 ability to manage the risks and uncertainties associated with the application
 of local legal requirements or the enforceability of laws and contractual
 obligations, trade protection measures, changes in tax laws, regional political
 instability, war, terrorist activities, severe or prolonged adverse weather
conditions and natural disasters as well as health epidemics or pandemics.