.

The risk factors described below are not inclusive of all risk factors but highlight those that the Company believes are the most significant and that could impact its performance and financial results. These risk factors should be considered together with all other information presented in this Form 10-K.

The Company may be adversely affected by global and regional economic conditions and legislative, regulatory and political developments.

The Company conducts operations around the globe. The Company expects to continue to derive a substantial portion of sales and earnings from outside the U.S. The uncertain global macroeconomic environment, particularly the current economic concerns in Europe wherein the Company derives approximately 38% of sales, and other countries in which the Company derives significant sales could continue to have a negative impact on demand for the Company’s products. The prospects, strength, sustainability and timing of an improvement in the current environment remain uncertain as does the possibility of a return to a recession in the U.S. and other countries around the globe. 

The uncertainty or deterioration of the global economic environment could adversely affect the Company. Customers or suppliers may experience cash flow problems and as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase the Company’s products and suppliers may significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to the Company. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to purchase the Company’s products and/or to pay the Company for its products may adversely affect the Company’s sales, earnings and cash flow. Sales and earnings could also be affected by the Company’s ability to manage the risks and uncertainties associated with the application of local legal requirements or the enforceability of laws and contractual obligations, trade protection measures, changes in tax laws, regional political instability, war, terrorist activities, severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions and natural disasters as well as health epidemics or pandemics.

Changes in demand for the Company’s products and business relationships with key customers and suppliers, including delays or cancellations in shipments, may affect operating results.

To achieve its objectives, the Company must develop and sell products that are subject to the demands of its customers. This is dependent on many factors including, but not limited to, managing and maintaining relationships with key customers, responding to the rapid pace of technological change and obsolescence, which may require increased investment by the Company or result in greater pressure to commercialize developments rapidly or at prices that may not fully recover the associated investment, and the effect on demand resulting from customers’ research and development, capital expenditure plans and capacity utilization.

9

The manufacturing of the Company’s products is dependent on an adequate supply of raw materials. The Company’s ability to maintain an adequate supply of raw materials, especially those materials that are single-sourced or have a limited number of suppliers, could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials and related commodities and maintaining relationships with key suppliers. If the Company’s supply of raw materials is adversely affected, it may not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources.

The Company’s future growth depends on new products and new technology innovation.

The Company’s future growth depends in part on maintaining its competitive advantage with current products in new and existing markets, as well as its ability to develop new products and technologies to serve such markets. To the extent that competitors develop competitive products and technologies, or new products or technologies which achieve higher customer satisfaction, the Company’s business prospects could be adversely impacted. In addition, regulatory approvals for new products or technologies may be required, which approvals may not be obtained in a timely or cost effective manner, adversely impacting the Company’s business prospects.

The Company may not successfully enforce patents or protect proprietary products and manufacturing techniques.

The Company owns numerous patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Some of these patented technologies and other intellectual property require substantial resources to develop. The Company’s intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide the Company with a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to the Company. In addition, steps taken to maintain and protect the Company’s intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented or designed-around. The failure to obtain or maintain the Company’s intellectual property rights or the costs to adequately protect its intellectual property, including costs to detect or prevent circumvention, unauthorized use and enforcement of rights, could adversely impact the Company’s competitive position and operating results.

Increases in manufacturing and operating costs and/or the ability to achieve the savings anticipated from the Company’s structural cost improvement initiatives may affect operating results.

The Company’s costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, energy and related utilities and cost of labor. The achievement of the Company’s financial objectives is reliant on its ability to manage these fluctuations through cost savings or recovery actions and efficiency initiatives.

The Company continues to pursue a number of structural cost improvement initiatives. These efforts may not improve the Company’s financial performance or produce the full efficiencies and benefits the Company expects due to delays or other factors affecting the Company’s execution of these initiatives. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates may materially affect operating results.

In fiscal year 
2012
, the Company derived approximately 
70%
 of sales from outside the U.S. Although sales and expenditures outside the U.S. with third parties are typically made in the local currencies of those countries providing a natural hedge against fluctuations in foreign currency rates, the Company retains significant exposure to the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the currencies of inter-company trading partners. Accordingly, operating results may be materially affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The primary foreign currency exposures relate to adverse changes in the U.S. dollar compared to each of the Euro, the British Pound, the Brazilian Real, the Japanese Yen, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc and the Singapore Dollar, as well as adverse changes in the relationship of the British Pound to the Euro.

The Company’s debt portfolio was approximately 
29%
 variable rate and cash and cash equivalents was 
100%
 variable rate at 
July 31, 2012
. Pension obligations, and attendant pension expense, are recognized on a discounted basis using long-term interest rates. Accordingly, fluctuations in short and long-term interest rates may also materially affect operating results.

10

The Company is subject to significant regulatory obligations.

The Company’s operations are subject to a broad array of regulatory requirements globally. In particular, a number of its Life Science business units must satisfy domestic and international standards in the medical, biopharmaceuticals and other health sciences areas involving products and technologies which impact human health and safety. To a lesser degree, some of its Industrial operations must meet governmental requirements in terms of contracting, financial accounting standards, product testing and reporting. There are also business operations which produce products regulated by import/export regulations because their actual or potential use is considered sensitive and involves substantial licensing and record-keeping obligations. Lastly, given the Company’s substantial operations and sales abroad, there are risks associated with doing business in foreign countries particularly in connection with governmental sales, notably the risk of non-compliance with U.S., United Kingdom (“U.K.”) or other local anti-corruption regulations. Failure to meet one or more of these various regulatory obligations could have adverse consequences in the event of material non-compliance. Conversely, compliance with these regulatory obligations may require the Company to incur significant expenses.

The Company is subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings in the course of its business that could adversely affect its financial statements.

The Company is subject to various litigations and similar proceedings incidental to its business that arise in the ordinary course of its business, including claims for damages arising out of the use of its products and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, environmental matters and personal injury. These lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits may divert management’s attention, the Company may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits and it may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect its financial statements. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that the Company may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect it against such losses and expenses. In addition, developments in legal proceedings in any given period may require the Company to revise its expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters or adjust the loss contingency estimate that is recorded in its financial statements, which could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. It cannot be assured that the Company’s liabilities in connection with litigation and similar proceedings will not exceed estimates or adversely affect the Company’s financial statements or reputation. 

The Company’s operations and products are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and violations could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The Company’s operations and products are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the use, generation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. The Company must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions with its operations and products. The Company cannot assure that its environmental, health and safety compliance program has been, or will at all times, be effective. Failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to the Company’s reputation. In addition, the Company cannot provide assurance that its costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed its estimates or adversely affect its financial statements. 

The Company may incur costs related to remedial efforts of alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. It may also become subject to additional remedial or compliance costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of its operations and changes in accounting rules. The Company cannot make assurance that its liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed its estimates or adversely affect its financial statements and reputation or that it will not be subject to additional claims for cleanup in the future based on its past, present or future business activities. 

Changes in product mix and product pricing may affect the Company’s operating results particularly with systems products and appurtenant hardware & devices (together “Capital Goods”) for the Company’s consumable filtration products, in which the Company experiences significantly longer sales cycles with less predictable revenue and no certainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services.

The Company’s business strategy is partially reliant on sales of Capital Goods. Because these are generally sold at lower gross margins than many other products, gross margins could decline if these Capital Goods sales continue to grow as a percentage of total sales and the anticipated future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services are not realized.

11

The Company’s Capital Goods generally also experience significantly longer sales cycles and involve less predictable revenue and uncertainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services. In addition, the profitability of the Company’s Capital Goods sales depends substantially on the ability of management to accurately estimate the costs involved in manufacturing and implementing the relevant capital product according to the customer’s specifications. Company estimates can be adversely affected by disruptions in a customer’s plans or operations and unforeseen events, such as manufacturing defects. Failure to accurately estimate the Company’s cost of Capital Goods sales can adversely affect the profitability of those sales, and the Company may not be able to recover lost profits through pricing or other actions.

If the Company experiences a disruption of its information technology systems, or if the Company fails to successfully implement, manage and integrate its information technology systems, it could harm the Company’s business.

The Company’s information technology (“IT”) systems are an integral part of its business. A serious disruption of its IT systems, whether caused by fire, storm, flood, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins or viruses, or any other events, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company depends on its IT systems to process transactions, prepare its financial reporting and effectively manage and monitor its business. The Company cannot provide assurance that its contingency plans will allow it to operate at its current level of efficiency in the event of a serious IT disruption. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the cost that would be associated with remedial actions that may be needed to repair or replace the IT systems impacted or lost revenues resulting from a serious IT disruption.

In addition, the Company recently migrated certain significant operations to its global enterprise resource planning software system. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, the migration caused disruption in our operations and additional unforeseen costs and significant use of Company resources. Additional disruptions can adversely impact the Company’s operating results and business.

Furthermore, the Company’s ability to most effectively implement its business plans in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning, reporting and analytical processes and systems. The Company is improving and expects that it will need to continue to improve and further integrate its IT systems, reporting systems and operating procedures on an ongoing basis. If the Company fails to do so effectively, it could adversely affect the Company’s ability to achieve its objectives.

Changes in the Company’s effective tax rate may affect financial results.

Fluctuations in the Company’s effective tax rate may affect financial results. The Company’s effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation based on a variety of factors, such as:

•

the geographical mix of income derived from the countries in which it operates;

•

the nature, timing and impact of permanent or temporary changes in tax rates, laws or regulations; 

•

the timing and amount of the Company’s repatriation of foreign earnings; 

•

the timing and nature of the Company’s resolution of uncertain income tax positions

•

acquisitions and dispositions of businesses; and

•

the Company’s success in managing its effective tax rate through the implementation of global tax and cash management strategies.

The Company operates in numerous countries and is subject to taxation in all of the countries in which it operates. The tax rules and regulations in such countries can be complex and, in many cases, uncertain in their application. In addition to challenges to the Company’s tax positions arising during routine audits, disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation or application of certain rules to the Company’s business conducted within the country involved and with respect to intercompany transactions when the parties are taxed in different jurisdictions. Pending proceedings to which the Company is subject include ongoing audits of the Company’s tax returns for some of the periods affected by the restatement, and the Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of the completion of those audits, which could result in the imposition of additional taxes. See “Litigation and regulatory inquiries associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior period financial statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and other adverse effects” risk factor below.

12

The Company may not be able to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions.

In so far as acquisitions are completed, there is no assurance of the Company’s ability to complete any such transactions due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, competition for opportunities, increase in costs and price for acquisition candidates and the ability to obtain any necessary financing. In addition, the Company may experience delays or unexpected difficulties in the integration process which could adversely impact the Company’s business. Moreover, even if the Company is successful in integrating acquired business, it may not achieve the operating efficiencies and synergies or other expected transaction benefits that the Company expects or such benefits may not be achieved within the expected time frame. 

The Company is subject to domestic and international competition in all of its global markets.

The Company is subject to competition in all of the global markets in which it operates. The Company’s achievement of its objectives is reliant on its ability to successfully respond to many competitive factors including, but not limited to, pricing, technological innovations, product quality, customer service, manufacturing capabilities and hiring and retention of qualified personnel. The Company’s inability to compete effectively may adversely affect its operating results.

Litigation and regulatory inquiries associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior period financial statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and other adverse effects.

Substantial costs may be incurred to continue to defend and resolve regulatory proceedings and litigation arising out of or relating to matters underlying the Company’s restatement of prior period financial statements as described in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007 (“2007 Form 10-K”). Although the Company has reached a settlement agreement in the securities class action lawsuit concerning the restatement, other related proceedings including investigations by the SEC and the Department of Justice, which have been inactive since fiscal year 2010, and derivative lawsuits seeking relief against certain of the Company’s officers and directors are still ongoing. The ongoing governmental proceedings could result in civil or criminal fines and other non-monetary penalties.

 The Company cannot predict whether all possible monetary losses it ultimately experiences in the proceedings will be covered by insurance or whether insurance proceeds recovered will be sufficient to offset such losses. Pending civil, regulatory and criminal proceedings may also divert the efforts and attention of the Company’s management from business operations, particularly if adverse developments are experienced in any such proceedings, such as an expansion of the investigations being conducted by the SEC and the Department of Justice. See Part I – Item 3. – Legal Proceedings, for further discussion of these pending matters. The Company is also subject to the ongoing audits of the Company’s tax returns for some of the periods affected by the restatement.

The Company may be adversely affected by the loss of one or more members of its senior management team or if it is unable to recruit and retain qualified management personnel.

The Company’s business depends, in large part, on the continued efforts of its senior management team. The unplanned loss of key personnel could negatively impact the Company’s ability to manage its business. In addition, if the Company is unable to hire and retain highly qualified individuals, its business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. There is substantial competition for highly qualified individuals and there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in attracting or retaining individuals to fill vacant or newly created positions.

Product defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to the Company’s products could adversely affect its business, reputation and financial statements.

Manufacturing or design defects (including in products or components that the Company sources from third parties), unanticipated use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to, the use of products that the Company makes and sells may lead to personal injury, death or property damage. These events could lead to recalls or alerts relating to the Company products, result in the removal of a product from the market or result in product liability claims being brought against the Company. Product recalls, removals and liability claims can lead to significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to the Company’s reputation that could reduce demand for its products.

13

Restrictive covenants in the Company’s debt facilities could adversely affect its business.

Agreements governing the Company’s indebtedness include certain covenants, that among other things, can restrict the Company’s ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments and other restricted payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, create liens and sell assets. Moreover, certain of these agreements require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios. These and other covenants in the Company’s agreements may restrict the Company’s ability to fully pursue its business strategies. The Company’s ability to comply with such covenants may be affected by events beyond its control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.