.

The risk factors described below are
not inclusive of all risk factors but highlight those that the Company believes
are the most significant and that could impact its performance and financial
results. These risk factors should be considered together with all other
information presented in this Form 10-K report. 

Litigation and regulatory inquiries
associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior period financial
statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and other adverse
effects. 

     Substantial costs may be incurred to defend and resolve regulatory
proceedings and litigation arising out of or relating to matters underlying the
Company’s restatement of prior period financial statements as described in its
2007 Form 10-K. These proceedings include the ongoing audits of the Company’s
tax returns, as well as audits expected to commence of the Company’s tax returns
for some of the periods affected by the restatement. In September 2007, the
Company deposited $135 million with the U.S. Treasury, which reflected
management’s preliminary assessment of additional taxes and interest that the
Company might owe the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for prior years as a
result of tax compliance matters identified at the time and did not include any
amount with respect to potential penalties. In completing the restatement, the
Company examined the appropriateness of the Company’s accounting treatment of
the tax consequences of each type of intercompany transaction in the various
taxing jurisdictions in which the Company operates. As a result of this
analysis, the Company determined that additional financial statement reserves
were required with respect to certain other lesser tax compliance matters. The
Company cannot predict when the ongoing IRS audit will be completed or the
amount or timing of the final resolution with the IRS or other relevant taxing
authorities of the matters that gave rise to the restatement, including the
amount of any penalties that may be imposed, which could be substantial.

     The
Company is also subject to other regulatory and litigation proceedings relating
to, or arising out of, the restatement, including pending investigations by the
SEC and the Department of Justice, purported securities class action lawsuits
and derivative lawsuits seeking relief against certain of the Company’s officers
and directors. These proceedings could also result in civil or criminal fines
and other non-monetary penalties. The Company has not reserved any amount in
respect of these matters in its consolidated financial statements. 

     The
Company cannot predict whether any monetary losses it experiences in the
proceedings will be covered by insurance or whether insurance proceeds recovered
will be sufficient to offset such losses. Pending civil, regulatory and criminal
proceedings may also divert the efforts and attention of the Company’s
management from business operations, particularly if adverse developments are
experienced in any of them, such as an expansion of the investigations being
conducted by the SEC and the Department of Justice. See Part I – Item 3 – Legal
Proceedings, for further discussion of these pending matters. 

If the Company experiences a
disruption of its information technology systems, or if the Company fails to
successfully implement, continue to manage and integrate its information
technology systems, it could harm the Company’s business. 

     The
Company’s information technology (“IT”) systems are an integral part of its
business. A serious disruption of its IT systems, whether caused by fire, storm,
flood, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins or viruses,
or any other events, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations. The Company depends on its IT systems to
process transactions, prepare its financial reporting and effectively manage and
monitor its business. The Company cannot provide assurance that its contingency
plans will allow it to operate at its current level of efficiency in the event
of a serious IT disruption. 

     Additionally, the Company’s ability to most effectively implement its
business plans in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning,
reporting and analytical processes and systems. The Company is improving and
expects that it will need to continue to improve and further integrate its IT
systems, reporting systems and operating procedures on an ongoing basis. If the
Company fails to incrementally improve, manage and integrate its IT systems,
reporting systems and operating procedures, it could adversely affect the
Company’s ability to achieve its objectives. 

8

The Company may be adversely
affected by global and regional economic conditions and legislative,
regulatory and political developments.

     The
Company conducts operations around the globe. The Company expects to continue to
derive a substantial portion of sales and earnings from outside the U.S. The
recession in the U.S. and other countries around the globe in which the Company
derives significant sales adversely affected the Company’s results for fiscal
year 2009 and could continue to have a negative impact on demand for the
Company’s products as the prospects, strength and timing of any recovery remain
uncertain. Customers or suppliers may experience serious cash flow problems and
as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase the Company’s
products and suppliers may significantly and quickly increase their prices or
reduce their output. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating
sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be
able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to the
Company. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to purchase the
Company’s products and/or to pay the Company for its products may adversely
affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow. Sales and earnings could also be
affected by the Company’s ability to manage the risks and uncertainties
associated with the application of local legal requirements or the
enforceability of laws and contractual obligations, trade protection measures,
changes in tax laws, regional political instability, war, terrorist activities,
severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions and natural disasters as well as
health epidemics or pandemics. 

Changes in demand for the Company’s
products and business relationships with key customers and suppliers, including
delays or cancellations in shipments, may affect operating results.

     To
achieve its objectives, the Company must develop and sell products that are
subject to the demands of customers. This is dependent on many factors
including, but not limited to, managing and maintaining relationships with key
customers, responding to the rapid pace of technological change and
obsolescence, which may require increased investment by or greater pressure to
commercialize developments rapidly or at prices that may not fully recover the
associated investment, and the effect on demand resulting from customers’
research and development, capital expenditure plans and capacity utilization.

     The
manufacturing of the Company’s products is dependent on an adequate supply of
raw materials. The Company’s ability to maintain an adequate supply of raw
materials could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials
and maintaining relationships with key suppliers.

Fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates may materially affect operating results.

     In fiscal
year 2009, the Company derived 69% of sales from outside the U.S. Although sales
and expenditures outside the U.S. are typically made in the local currencies of
those countries providing a natural hedge against fluctuations in foreign
currency rates, the company retains significant exposure to the value of foreign
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and operating results may be materially
affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The primary foreign currency
exposures relate to adverse changes in the relationships of the U.S. dollar to
the Euro, the British Pound, the Japanese Yen, the Australian Dollar, the
Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc and the Singapore Dollar, as well as adverse
changes in the relationship of the Pound to the Euro. 

     Giving effect to the Company’s
interest rate swap, the Company’s debt portfolio was approximately 45% variable
rate at July 31, 2009. Fluctuations in interest rates may also materially affect
operating results. 

Changes in product mix and product
pricing may affect the Company’s operating results particularly with the
expansion of the systems business, in which the Company experiences
significantly longer sales cycles with less predictable revenue and no certainty
of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and
services. 

     The
Company’s TFM strategy is partially reliant on sales of integrated systems.
Because systems are generally sold at lower gross margins than many other
products, gross margins could decline if systems sales continue to grow as a
percentage of total sales and the anticipated future revenue streams from
related consumable product offerings and services are not realized.

9

     The
Company’s systems platform generally also experiences significantly longer sales
cycles and involves less predictable revenue and uncertainty of future revenue
streams from related consumable product offerings and services. In addition, the
profitability of the Company’s systems sales depends substantially on the
ability of management to estimate accurately the costs involved in manufacturing
and implementing the relevant system according to the customer’s specifications.
Company estimates can be adversely affected by disruptions in a customer’s plans
or operations and unforeseen events, such as manufacturing defects. Failure to
accurately estimate the Company’s cost of system sales can adversely affect the
profitability of those sales, and the Company may not be able to recover lost
profits through pricing or other actions. 

Increases in costs of manufacturing
and operating costs may affect operating results. 

     The
Company’s costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in
commodity prices, raw materials, energy and related utilities and cost of labor.
The achievement of the Company’s financial objectives is reliant on its ability
to manage these fluctuations through cost savings or recovery actions and
efficiency initiatives. 

The Company may not be able to
achieve the savings anticipated from its cost reduction and gross margin
improvement initiatives. 

     Since
fiscal year 2006, the Company has launched a number of cost reduction and gross
margin improvement initiatives, including its facilities rationalization,
AmeriPall cost reduction, and EuroPall cost reduction initiatives. Unexpected
delays or other factors in these cost reduction and lean manufacturing
initiatives could impact the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated
savings and to improve or maintain gross margins. 

The Company may not be able to
obtain regulatory approval or market acceptance of new technologies.

     Part of
the Company’s planned growth is dependent on new products and technologies. Some
of those new products may require regulatory approval. Growth from those new
technologies may not be realized if regulatory approval is not granted or
customer demand for those products or technologies does not materialize.

The Company may not successfully
enforce patents and protect proprietary products and manufacturing
techniques.

     Some of
the Company’s products, as well as some competitor’s products, are based on
patented technology and other intellectual property rights. Some of these
patented technologies and intellectual property require substantial resources to
develop. Operating results may be affected by the costs associated with the
Company’s defense of its intellectual property against unauthorized use by
others, as well as third-party challenges to its intellectual property. The
Company could also experience disruptions in its business, including loss of
revenues and adverse effects on its prospects, if its patented or other
proprietary technologies are successfully challenged. 

Changes in the Company’s effective
tax rate may affect operating results. 

     Fluctuations in the Company’s effective tax rate may affect operating
results. The Company’s effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation based on a
variety of factors, such as: 

the geographical mix of income derived from the countries in which it
 operates;

 currently applicable tax rates,
 particularly in the U.S.;

 the nature, timing and impact of
 permanent or temporary changes in tax laws or regulations;

 the timing and amount of the
 Company’s repatriation of foreign earnings;

 the timing and nature of the
 Company’s resolution of uncertain income tax positions; and

 the Company’s success in managing its
 effective tax rate through the implementation of global tax and cash
 management strategies. 

     The
Company operates in numerous countries and is subject to taxation in all of the
countries in which it operates. The tax rules and regulations in such countries
can be complex and, in many cases, uncertain in their application. In addition
to challenges to the Company’s tax positions arising during routine audits,
disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation or
application of certain rules to the Company’s business conducted within the
country involved and with respect to intercompany transactions when the parties
are taxed in different jurisdictions. Pending proceedings to which the Company
is subject include ongoing audits of the Company’s tax returns for some of the
periods affected by the restatement, and the Company cannot predict the timing
or outcome of the completion of those audits, which could result in the
imposition of additional taxes and substantial penalties. See “Litigation and
regulatory inquiries associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior
period financial statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and
other adverse effects” risk factor above.

10

The Company may not be able to
successfully complete or integrate acquisitions.

     In so far
as acquisition opportunities are identified, there is no assurance of the
Company’s ability to complete any such transactions and successfully integrate
the acquired business as planned. 

The Company is subject to domestic
and international competition in all of its global markets.

     The
Company is subject to competition in all of the global markets in which it
operates. The Company’s achievement of its objectives is reliant on its ability
to successfully respond to many competitive factors including, but not limited
to, pricing, technological innovations, product quality, customer service,
manufacturing capabilities and hiring and retention of qualified personnel.