.

The risk factors described below are not inclusive of all risk factors but highlight those that the Company believes are the most significant and that could impact its performance and financial results. These risk factors should be considered together with all other information presented in this Form 10-K. 

The Company may be adversely affected by global and regional economic conditions and legislative, regulatory and political developments.

The Company conducts operations around the globe. The Company expects to continue to derive a substantial portion of sales and earnings from outside the U.S. The uncertain macroeconomic environment in the U.S. and other countries around the globe in which the Company derives significant sales adversely affected the Company’s results for fiscal year 2009 and 2010 and could continue to have a negative impact on demand for the Company’s products as the prospects, strength and timing of the current recovery remain uncertain as well as the possibility of a return to a recession in the U.S. and other countries around the globe. Customers or suppliers may experience cash flow problems and as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase the Company’s products and suppliers may significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to the Company. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to purchase the Company’s products and/or to pay the Company for its products may adversely affect the Company’s sales, earnings and cash flow. Sales and earnings could also be affected by the Company’s ability to manage the risks and uncertainties associated with the application of local legal requirements or the enforceability of laws and contractual obligations, trade protection measures, changes in tax laws, regional political instability, war, terrorist activities, severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions and natural disasters as well as health epidemics or pandemics. 

Changes in product mix and product pricing may affect the Company’s operating results particularly with the expansion of the systems business and appurtenant hardware & devices (together “Capital Goods”) for the Company’s consumable filtration products, in which the Company experiences significantly longer sales cycles with less predictable revenue and no certainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services. 

     The Company’s TFM strategy is partially reliant on sales of Capital Goods. Because these are generally sold at lower gross margins than many other products, gross margins could decline if these Capital Goods sales continue to grow as a percentage of total sales and the anticipated future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services are not realized.

     The Company’s Capital Goods generally also experience significantly longer sales cycles and involves less predictable revenue and uncertainty of future revenue streams from related consumable product offerings and services. In addition, the profitability of the Company’s Capital Goods sales depends substantially on the ability of management to estimate accurately the costs involved in manufacturing and implementing the relevant capital product according to the customer’s specifications. Company estimates can be adversely affected by disruptions in a customer’s plans or operations and unforeseen events, such as manufacturing defects. Failure to accurately estimate the Company’s cost of Capital Goods sales can adversely affect the profitability of those sales, and the Company may not be able to recover lost profits through pricing or other actions. 

Changes in demand for the Company’s products and business relationships with key customers and suppliers, including delays or cancellations in shipments, may affect operating results. 

     To achieve its objectives, the Company must develop and sell products that are subject to the demands of customers. This is dependent on many factors including, but not limited to, managing and maintaining relationships with key customers, responding to the rapid pace of technological change and obsolescence, which may require increased investment by or greater pressure to commercialize developments rapidly or at prices that may not fully recover the associated investment, and the effect on demand resulting from customers’ research and development, capital expenditure plans and capacity utilization. 

     The manufacturing of the Company’s products is dependent on an adequate supply of raw materials. The Company’s ability to maintain an adequate supply of raw materials could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials and related commodities and maintaining relationships with key suppliers.

9

The Company’s future growth depends on new products and new technology innovation. 

     The Company’s future growth depends in part on maintaining its competitive advantage with current products in new and existing markets, as well as its ability to develop new products and technologies to serve such markets. To the extent that competitors develop competitive products and technologies, or new products or technologies which achieve higher customer satisfaction, the Company’s business prospects could be adversely impacted. In addition, regulatory approvals for new products or technologies may apply in some cases, which approvals may not be realized in a timely or cost effective manner, adversely impacting the Company’s business prospects. 

The Company is subject to significant regulatory obligations. 

     The Company’s operations are subject to a broad array of regulatory requirements globally. In particular, a number of its Life Science business units must satisfy domestic and international standards in the medical, biopharmaceuticals and other health sciences areas involving products and technologies which impact human health and safety. To a lesser degree, some of its Industrial operations must meet governmental requirements in terms of contracting, financial accounting standards, product testing and reporting. There are also business operations which produce products regulated by import/export regulations because their actual or potential use is considered sensitive and involves substantial licensing and record-keeping obligations. Last, given the Company’s substantial operations and sales abroad, there are risks associated with doing business in foreign countries particularly in connection with governmental sales, notably the risk of non-compliance with U.S. or local anti-corruption regulations. Failure to meet one or more of these various regulatory obligations could have adverse consequences in the event of material non-compliance. 

If the Company experiences a disruption of its information technology systems, or if the Company fails to successfully implement, continue to manage and integrate its information technology systems, it could harm the Company’s business. 

     The Company’s information technology (“IT”) systems are an integral part of its business. A serious disruption of its IT systems, whether caused by fire, storm, flood, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins or viruses, or any other events, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company depends on its IT systems to process transactions, prepare its financial reporting and effectively manage and monitor its business. The Company cannot provide assurance that its contingency plans will allow it to operate at its current level of efficiency in the event of a serious IT disruption. 

     Additionally, the Company’s ability to most effectively implement its business plans in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning, reporting and analytical processes and systems. The Company is improving and expects that it will need to continue to improve and further integrate its IT systems, reporting systems and operating procedures on an ongoing basis. If the Company fails to do so effectively, it could adversely affect the Company’s ability to achieve its objectives. 

Changes in the Company’s effective tax rate may affect operating results. 

     Fluctuations in the Company’s effective tax rate may affect operating results. The Company’s effective tax rate is subject to fluctuation based on a variety of factors, such as:

the geographical mix of income derived from the countries in which it operates;

currently applicable tax rates, particularly in the U.S.;

the nature, timing and impact of permanent or temporary changes in tax laws or regulations;

the timing and amount of the Company’s repatriation of foreign earnings;

the timing and nature of the Company’s resolution of uncertain income tax positions; and

the Company’s success in managing its effective tax rate through the implementation of global tax and cash management strategies. 

     The Company operates in numerous countries and is subject to taxation in all of the countries in which it operates. The tax rules and regulations in such countries can be complex and, in many cases, uncertain in their application. In addition to challenges to the Company’s tax positions arising during routine audits, disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation or application of certain rules to the Company’s business conducted within the country involved and with respect to intercompany transactions when the parties are taxed in different jurisdictions. Pending proceedings to which the Company is subject include ongoing audits of the Company’s tax returns for some of the periods affected by the restatement, and the Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of the completion of those audits, which could result in the imposition of additional taxes. See “Litigation and regulatory inquiries associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior period financial statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and other adverse effects” risk factor below.

10

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates may materially affect operating results.

     In fiscal year 2011, the Company derived 69% of sales from outside the U.S. Although sales and expenditures outside the U.S. with third parties are typically made in the local currencies of those countries providing a natural hedge against fluctuations in foreign currency rates, the company retains significant exposure to the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the currencies of inter-company trading partners. Accordingly, operating results may be materially affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The primary foreign currency exposures relate to adverse changes in the following currency pairs: U.S. dollar to the Euro, the British Pound, the Japanese Yen, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc and the Singapore Dollar, as well as adverse changes in the relationship of the Pound to the Euro.

     The Company’s debt portfolio was approximately 30% variable rate and cash and cash equivalents was 100% variable rate at July 31, 2011. Pension obligations, and attendant pension expense, are recognized on a discounted basis using long-term interest rates. Accordingly, fluctuations in short and long-term interest rates may also materially affect operating results.

Increases in costs of manufacturing and operating costs may affect operating results.

     The Company’s costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, energy and related utilities and cost of labor. The achievement of the Company’s financial objectives is reliant on its ability to manage these fluctuations through cost savings or recovery actions and efficiency initiatives. 

The Company may not be able to achieve the savings anticipated from its cost reduction and gross margin improvement initiatives.

     The Company has been pursuing a number of longstanding cost reduction and gross margin improvement initiatives. Unexpected delays or other factors affecting the Company’s execution of these initiatives could impact the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated savings and to improve its financial performance.

The Company is subject to domestic and international competition in all of its global markets.

     The Company is subject to competition in all of the global markets in which it operates. The Company’s achievement of its objectives is reliant on its ability to successfully respond to many competitive factors including, but not limited to, pricing, technological innovations, product quality, customer service, manufacturing capabilities and hiring and retention of qualified personnel. In addition, unforeseen disruptive technologies could significantly impact operating results.

Litigation and regulatory inquiries associated with the restatement of the Company’s prior period financial statements could result in substantial costs, penalties and other adverse effects.

     Substantial costs may be incurred to defend and resolve regulatory proceedings and litigation arising out of or relating to matters underlying the Company’s restatement of prior period financial statements as described in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007 (“2007 Form 10-K”). These proceedings included investigations by the SEC and the Department of Justice, which have been inactive since fiscal year 2010, securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits seeking relief against certain of the Company’s officers and directors. The governmental proceedings could also result in civil or criminal fines and other non-monetary penalties.

     The Company has substantial D&O insurance coverage with insurance companies having an A.M. Best rating of A or better. The Company cannot predict whether all possible monetary losses it ultimately experiences in the proceedings will be covered by insurance or whether insurance proceeds recovered will be sufficient to offset such losses. However, based on the Company’s current assessment of the ultimate resolution of these matters, appropriate contingent liabilities and related insurance recoveries of an equal amount have been reflected in the consolidated financials statements as of July 31, 2011. Pending civil, regulatory and criminal proceedings may also divert the efforts and attention of the Company’s management from business operations, particularly if adverse developments are experienced in any of them, such as an expansion of the investigations being conducted by the SEC and the Department of Justice. See Part I – Item 3. – Legal Proceedings, for further discussion of these pending matters. The Company is also subject to the ongoing audits of the Company’s tax returns for some of the periods affected by the restatement.

Restrictive covenants in the Company’s debt facilities could adversely affect its business.

     Agreements governing the Company’s indebtedness include certain covenants, that among other things, can restrict the Company’s ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments and other restricted payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, create liens and sell assets. Moreover, certain of these agreements require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios. These and other covenants in the Company’s agreements may restrict the Company’s ability to fully pursue its business strategies. The Company’s ability to comply with such covenants may be affected by events beyond its control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

11

The Company may not successfully enforce patents and protect proprietary products and manufacturing techniques.

     Some of the Company’s products, as well as some competitor’s products, are based on patented technology and other intellectual property rights. Some of these patented technologies and other intellectual property require substantial resources to develop. Operating results may be affected by the costs associated with the Company’s defense of its intellectual property against unauthorized use by others, as well as third-party challenges to its intellectual property. The Company could also experience disruptions in its business, including loss of revenues and adverse effects on its prospects, if its patented or other proprietary technologies are successfully challenged.

The Company may not be able to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions.

     In so far as acquisition opportunities are identified, there is no assurance of the Company’s ability to complete any such transactions and successfully integrate the acquired business as planned.