, our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives that could result in a significant decrease in demand for our brands or by climate-related regulations that increase our cost of operation. More specifically, any regulatory requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Further, tightened climate-related regulation may lead to additional carbon taxation or energy price increases impacting our cost of operation. These shifts in regulation and other market trends could, amongst others, impact current deforestation rates. Availability of deforestation-free materials could be impacted by increased demand for alternative energy sources and low-carbon fuels, such as biomass, which could result in increased sourcing costs.

We discuss additional information regarding regulatory matters relating to climate change in Item 7, 
Climate Change Laws and Regulations.

Information About Our Executive Officers     

The disclosure regarding executive officers is hereby incorporated by reference to the discussion under the heading “Information about our Executive Officers as of February 6, 2025” in Part III, Item 10. 
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Item 10”).

Intellectual Property 

Our trademarks are valuable assets, and their protection and reputation are essential to us. We own the trademark rights to all of our principal brands, including 
Marlboro 
(outside of the U.S.), 
HEETS, IQOS
, 
IQOS ILUMA,

TEREA
, 
VEEV
 and 
ZYN,
 or have the right to use them in all countries in which these brands are advertised or sold.

In addition, we have a large number of granted patents and pending patent applications worldwide. Our patent portfolio, as a whole, is material to our business. However, no one patent, or group of related patents, is material to us. We also have registered industrial designs, as well as unregistered proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how, processes and other unregistered intellectual property rights.

Effective January 1, 2008, PMI entered into an Intellectual Property Agreement with Philip Morris USA Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria Group, Inc. (“PM USA”). The Intellectual Property Agreement allocates ownership of jointly funded intellectual property as follows:

•
PMI owns all rights to jointly funded intellectual property outside the United States, its territories and possessions; and

•
PM USA owns all rights to jointly funded intellectual property in the United States, its territories and possessions.

The parties agreed to submit disputes under the Intellectual Property Agreement first to negotiation between senior executives and then to binding arbitration.

An agreement was reached with PM USA in 2022 relating to 
IQOS
 commercialization rights in the U.S. including, among other things, an agreement relating to intellectual property rights consistent with the commercialization rights for relevant 
IQOS
 products.

On February 1, 2024, Philip Morris Products S.A., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of PMI, and Nicoventures Trading Limited, an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., entered into a settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) for an eight-year term, under which, among other things: (i) certain pending legal proceedings (the “Proceedings”) between them concerning certain of their respective products were dismissed with prejudice, subject to certain limited exceptions, and 

6

without admission of liability; (ii) the Limited Exclusion Order and Cease and Desist Order issued by the International Trade Commission on September 29, 2021, prohibiting the importation of certain heat-not-burn products by PMI and its affiliates into the United States was rescinded; and (iii) any injunctions granted to either party in the Proceedings were fully and finally discharged, without admission of liability. 

The parties have also agreed to certain covenants not to sue on a perpetual, royalty-free basis or on a royalty-bearing basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Settlement Agreement, and, among other things, both parties may introduce certain heat-not-burn and vapor products under the Settlement Agreement (including certain evolutions of the existing heat-not-burn and e-vapor products, and certain variants and product line extensions of heat-not-burn and e-vapor products), which products may be royalty-bearing or royalty-free depending on the patents of the other party that may have been used in the development thereof. 

Seasonality 

Our business segments are not significantly affected by seasonality, although in certain markets cigarette consumption may be lower during the winter months due to the cold weather and may rise during the summer months due to outdoor use, longer daylight, and tourism. However, we typically experience higher SFP adult user growth in the first half of each year versus the second half of each year due to seasonal influences.

Available Information    

We are required to file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The SEC maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, from which investors can electronically access our SEC filings.

We make available free of charge on, or through, our website at www.pmi.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Investors can access our filings with the SEC by visiting www.pmi.com.

The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.

.     

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements

We may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, in reports to investors and in press releases and investor webcasts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "will," "aspires," "estimates," "intends," "projects," "aims," "goals," "targets," "forecasts" and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Our SFPs constitute a relatively new product category that is less predictable than our mature cigarette business. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in our securities. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in Item 7, 
Business Environment
. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you 

7

should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time, except in the normal course of our public disclosure obligations.

Overall Business Risks

We may be unsuccessful in our attempts to introduce, commercialize, and grow smoke-free products in existing and new markets, and regulators may prohibit or significantly restrict the commercialization of these products or the communication of scientifically substantiated information and claims.

Our key strategic priorities are to: (i) continue developing and commercializing products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to smoke-free products versus continued cigarette smoking; and (ii) encourage and educate current adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to switch to those products. For our efforts to be successful, we must: 

•

develop SFPs that adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes find to be satisfying alternatives to smoking;

•

for those adult smokers, our goal is to develop and offer SFPs with a scientifically substantiated risk-reduction profile that approaches as closely as possible the risk-reduction profile associated with smoking cessation; 

•

substantiate the reduction of risk for the individual adult smoker and the reduction of harm to the population as a whole, based on scientific evidence of the highest standard that is made available for scrutiny and review by external independent scientists and relevant regulatory bodies; and

•

advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs, including the communication of scientifically substantiated information to enable adult smokers to make better choices.

We might not succeed in our effort to introduce, commercialize, and grow our SFPs in existing and new markets. If we do not succeed, but others do, or if heat-not-burn products are inequitably regulated compared to other SFP categories without regard to the totality of the scientific evidence available for such products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, actions of some market participants, such as the inappropriate marketing of e-vapor products to youth, as well as alleged health consequences associated with the use of certain e-vapor products, may unfavorably impact public opinion and/or mischaracterize the health consequences of all e-vapor products or other SFPs to consumers, regulators and policy makers without regard to the totality of scientific evidence available for specific products. This may impede our efforts to advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs. We cannot predict the extent to which regulators will permit the sale and/or marketing of SFPs. Regulatory restrictions could limit the success of our SFPs. 

The World Health Organization (the "WHO") study group on tobacco product regulation published their ninth report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulation in August 2023. The report is based on a review of scientific evidence related to novel and emerging nicotine and tobacco products, such as electronic nicotine delivery systems ("ENDS"), electronic non-nicotine delivery systems and HTPs. The report concludes by making a number of policy recommendations on HTPs and ENDS that, if implemented, could restrict both the availability of these products and the access to accurate information about them. In August 2021, the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC") Secretariat published two reports on novel and emerging tobacco products to the Ninth Session of the CoP of the FCTC, which are not materially different from the WHO study group report. Substantive decisions based on these reports were deferred to the Tenth Session of the CoP ("CoP 10"). CoP 10 to the FCTC took place in February 2024. According to reports and decisions published, neither new decisions nor new policy recommendations on novel and emerging tobacco products were adopted. Specific Guidelines were adopted to address cross-border Tobacco Advertising, Promotion, and Sponsorship ("TAPS") and the depiction of tobacco in entertainment media. The Eleventh Session of the CoP is currently scheduled to take place in November 2025.

Reports issued by the WHO and other FCTC guidelines or recommendations are not binding on the WHO Member States or on parties to the FCTC, and so it is not possible to predict the extent to which any proposals it adopts will be implemented. However, the WHO proposals could lead to restrictions on the availability of certain of our SFPs and access to accurate information about them in one or more of our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Additionally, any claims, regardless of merit, challenging our research and clinical data available to date, may impact the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the commercialization of the SFP category and the commercialization of the SFP category in general.

Our SFPs and commercial activities for these products are designed for, and directed toward, current adult smokers and adult users of nicotine-containing products. We put significant effort to restrict access of our products from non-smokers and youth. Despite our efforts, technological, operational, regulatory and/or commercial developments might impact the implementation or effectiveness of youth access prevention mechanisms and surrounding infrastructure. If there is significant usage, whether actual or perceived, of our 

8

products or competitive products among youth or non-smokers, even in situations over which we have no control, our reputation and credibility may suffer, the regulatory approach to our products may become more restrictive, and our efforts to advocate for the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of SFPs may be significantly impacted.

The FDA’s premarket tobacco product and modified risk tobacco product authorizations of two versions of our 
IQOS 
product as well as the premarket tobacco authorizations of 20 varieties of 
ZYN
 pouches are subject to strict marketing, reporting and other requirements. Although we have received these authorizations from the FDA, there is no guarantee that the products will remain authorized for sale in the U.S., or that new versions of 
IQOS 
or other 
ZYN 
products will receive necessary authorizations, particularly if there is a significant uptake in youth or non-smoker initiation. 

Moreover, we also submitted additional premarket tobacco applications for other 
ZYN
 products after the September 9, 2020 deadline, and we are unable to market these products until the FDA authorizes such applications. In April 2024, we also submitted MRTPAs for 
ZYN
 products currently marketed in the U.S. and requested authorization of the modified risk claim. There is no guarantee that the 
ZYN
 products will receive the necessary authorizations from the FDA.

The commercialization of our products in the United States is dependent on successfully managing compliance with federal, state, and local laws, regulations, legal agreements, and related interpretations. Failure to successfully manage compliance and to resolve any disputes that may arise regarding the application of legal and administrative requirements to our products could negatively impact the timing, manner, or success of our SFP commercialization in the United States, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, or profitability.

The financial and business performance of our smoke-free products is less predictable than our cigarette business.

Our SFPs are novel products in a relatively new category, and the pace at which adult smokers adopt them may vary, depending on the competitive, regulatory, fiscal and cultural environment, and other factors in a specific market. There may be periods of accelerated growth and periods of slower growth for these products, the timing and drivers of which may be more difficult for us to predict versus our mature cigarette business. The impact of this lower predictability on our projected results for a specific period may be significant, due to geopolitical or macroeconomic events that negatively impact SFP availability or adoption, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We may be unsuccessful in our efforts to differentiate smoke-free products and cigarettes with respect to taxation.

To date, we have been largely successful in demonstrating to regulators that our SFPs are not cigarettes due to the absence of combustion, and accordingly they are generally taxed either as a separate category or as other tobacco products, which typically yields more favorable tax rates than cigarettes. Nevertheless, we are unable to predict whether regulators will be issuing new regulations under which SFPs will be equally taxed in line with other tobacco products such as conventional cigarettes. If we cease to be successful in these efforts, SFP unit margins may be materially adversely affected, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, and profitability.

Consumption of tax-paid cigarettes continues to decline in many of our markets.

This decline is due to multiple factors, including increased taxes and pricing, governmental actions, the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, health concerns, competition, continuing economic and geopolitical uncertainty, and the continuing prevalence of illicit products. These factors and their potential consequences are discussed more fully below and in Item 7, 
Business Environment
. A continuous decline in the consumption of cigarettes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our smoke-free transformation.

Cigarettes are subject to substantial taxes. Significant increases in cigarette-related taxes have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. These tax increases may disproportionately affect our profitability and make us less competitive versus certain of our competitors.

Tax regimes, including excise taxes, sales taxes and import duties, can disproportionately affect the retail price of cigarettes versus other combustible tobacco products, or disproportionately affect the relative retail price of our cigarette brands versus cigarette brands manufactured by certain of our competitors. Because our portfolio is weighted toward the premium-price cigarette category, tax regimes based on sales price can place us at a competitive disadvantage in certain markets. Furthermore, our volume and profitability may be adversely affected in these markets.

In addition, increases in cigarette taxes are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our sales of cigarettes, due to resulting lower consumption levels, a shift in sales from manufactured cigarettes to other combustible tobacco products and from the premium-price to the mid-price or low-price cigarette categories, where we may be under-represented, from local sales to cross-border purchases of lower price products, or to illicit products such as contraband, counterfeit and other non-compliant or otherwise illicit products.

9

Each of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, results of operations, revenues, cash flows and profitability. 

Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco or nicotine-containing products.

Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volumes for our products in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, illicit trade and cross-border purchases. Significant regulatory developments will continue to take place over the next few years in most of our markets, driven principally by the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the "FCTC"). Since it came into force in 2005, the FCTC has led to increased efforts by tobacco control advocates and public health organizations to promote increasingly restrictive regulatory measures on the marketing and sale of tobacco and nicotine-containing products to adult nicotine users. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions include:

•

restrictions on or licensing of outlets permitted to sell tobacco or nicotine-containing products;

•

the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges;

•

restrictions or bans on advertising, marketing and sponsorship;

•

the display of larger health warnings, graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements;

•

restrictions on packaging design, including the use of colors, and mandating plain packaging;

•

restrictions on packaging and cigarette formats and dimensions;

•

restrictions or bans on the display of product packaging at the point of sale and restrictions or bans on vending machines;

•

generation sales bans, under which the sale of certain tobacco or nicotine-containing products to people born after a certain year would be prohibited;

•

requirements regarding testing, disclosure and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and/or other smoke or product constituents;

•

disclosure, restrictions, or bans of tobacco product ingredients, including bans on the flavors of certain tobacco and nicotine-containing products;

•

increased restrictions on smoking and use of tobacco and nicotine-containing products in public and work places and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors;

•

restrictions or prohibitions of novel tobacco or nicotine-containing products or related devices;

•

elimination of duty free sales and duty free allowances for travelers;

•

restrictions in terms of importing or exporting our products impacting our logistics activities and ability to ship our products;

•

encouraging litigation against tobacco companies; and

•

excluding tobacco companies from transparent public dialogue regarding public health and other policy matters.

Our financial results could be materially affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. More specifically, requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

Changes in the earnings mix and changes in tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates. Our ability to receive payments from foreign subsidiaries or to repatriate royalties and dividends could be restricted by local country currency exchange controls and other regulations.

We are subject to income tax laws in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD"), which recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, and could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings. Such changes, as well as changes in taxing 

10

jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, or positions, could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings. Currently, many countries have enacted or taken actions to align with the OECD’s framework on a global minimum tax (referred to as “Pillar Two”), effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. We will continue to evaluate and monitor as additional guidance and clarification becomes available. In future periods, our ability to recover deferred tax assets could be subject to additional uncertainty as a result of such developments. Furthermore, changes in the earnings mix or applicable foreign tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates.

As a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, certain taxing jurisdictions, including the U.S., have proposed punitive tax legislation applicable to companies doing business in Russia, which could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate if enacted thereby reducing our net earnings. 

Because we are a U.S. holding company, our most significant source of funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls and other regulations or policies that limit or prohibit our local subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.

Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business.

We currently generate significant cash flows from ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various short- and long- term financing activities. Our financial performance, credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, geopolitical or national developments, the stability and liquidity of the credit markets and the state of the global economy could affect the availability and cost of financing. 

Disruption in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, slower than anticipated debt deleveraging, or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, tighter or more volatile credit markets may lead to business disruptions for certain of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or trade customers which could, in turn, adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We could decide, or be required to, recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

We could decide - or laws, regulations, or judicial administrative action could require us - to recall products due to the failure, or alleged failure, to meet quality or safety standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, manufacturing defects, or other product safety concerns, adulteration, misbranding or tampering. A product recall or a product liability or other claim (even if unsuccessful or without merit) could generate negative publicity about us and our products, and our Company’s reputation or that of our brands may be adversely affected. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, adult nicotine consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in that product category. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

We may be required to write down assets due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 

We continuously monitor the values of our long-lived assets, reporting units, intangible assets, as well as investments in equity securities, to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment exists. Additionally, we test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually. The values of these assets may be affected by several factors, including general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions; regulatory and legal developments; changes in product volume growth rates; changes in pricing strategies and costs bases; discount rates; success of planned new product expansions; competitive activity; and income and excise taxes. If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. See Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
—Critical Accounting Estimates
 for additional information concerning impairment determination and calculation. 

Our management uses certain key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions and such metrics may not accurately reflect all of the aspects of our business needed to make such evaluations and decisions, in particular as our business continues to evolve.

In addition to our consolidated financial results, our management regularly reviews a number of operating and financial metrics, including various revenue, user and sales metrics (such as market shares, in-market sales, adjusted in-market sales, and SFP users) to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that these metrics are representative of our current business; however, these metrics may not accurately reflect all aspects of our business and we anticipate that these metrics may change or may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business evolves. Furthermore, in some instances the metrics are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates 

11

that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. If our management fails to account for other relevant information or substitute the key business metrics they review as our business changes or if the assumptions or estimates underlying the metrics are inaccurate, their ability to accurately formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions may be compromised and our business, financial results and future growth prospects may be adversely impacted.

Risks Related to the Impact of the War in Ukraine on our Business 

Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be adversely impacted by the continuation and consequences of the war in Ukraine.

In 2024, Russia accounted for around 9% of our total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume, and around 6% of our total net revenues. Ukraine accounted for around 2% of our total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume, and around 1% of our total net revenues. Historically, we also produced finished goods in Ukraine for export and manufactured products in Russia. In 2022, as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, we suspended planned investments and scaled down our manufacturing operations in Russia. 

The full implications of the Russian invasion of Ukraine for our operations in those countries are impossible to predict at this time. The likelihood of retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, including PMI, as a result of actions and statements made in response to the Russian invasion or otherwise, including the possibility of legal action against us or our employees; the deprivation of rights in, or access to, our Russian or Russia-related assets; or nationalization of foreign businesses or assets (including cash reserves held in Russia and intangible assets such as trademarks), is impossible to predict. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. In the event of a divestment, our ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment. The deprivation of rights in, or access to, our Russian or Russia-related assets could also result in a material impairment and could cause the deconsolidation of our Russian business. In Ukraine, there is no way to know when and to what extent we will be able to fully normalize our operations or to what extent our workforce, facilities, inventory, and other assets will remain intact. These developments have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in further impairment charges.

The conflict also continues to elevate the likelihood of supply chain disruptions, both in the region and globally, and may inhibit our ability to timely source materials and services needed to make and sell our products. For example, historically we sourced certain finished goods, production materials and components from both Russia and Ukraine, including printed materials and filters, and the invasion has, and may continue to, disrupt the availability of and impact our supply chain for these materials. These disruptions, to the extent we are unable to find alternative sources or otherwise address these supply constraints, may impact the availability and cost of our products in other markets, which would adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. Furthermore, the imposition of various restrictions on transactions with parties from certain jurisdictions, the ban on exports of various products, and other economic and financial restrictions may adversely affect certain third parties with which we do business in Russia, such as customers, suppliers, intermediaries, service providers and banks.

The broader consequences of the invasion are also impossible to predict, but could include reputational consequences, further sanctions, financial or currency restrictions, punitive tax law changes, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts as well as adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets. Given the nature of our business and global operations, such geo-political instability and uncertainty could increase the costs of our materials and operations; reduce demand for our products; have a negative impact on our supply chains, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities; increase our exposure to currency fluctuations; constrain our liquidity or our ability to access capital markets; create staffing or operations difficulties; or subject us to increased cyber-attacks. While we will continue to monitor this fluid situation and develop contingency plans as necessary to address any disruptions to our business operations as they develop, the extent of the conflict’s effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.

The conflict may also heighten many other risks disclosed in this Form 10-K, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Such risks could affect, without limitation, the achievement of our strategic priorities, including achievement of our smoke-free business growth targets; the availability of third-party manufacturing resources; the availability of attractive acquisition and strategic business opportunities and our ability to fully realize the benefits of these transactions; our ability to attract, motivate, and retain the best global talent; and our loss of revenue from counterfeiting and similar illicit activities.

12

Risks Related to Sourcing and Distribution of Products, Services and Materials

Use of third-parties may negatively impact the distribution, quality, and availability of our products and services, and we may be required to replace third-party contract distributors, manufacturers or service providers.

We increasingly rely on third-parties and their subcontractors/suppliers, sometimes concentrated in a specific geographic area, for product distribution and to manufacture some of our products and product parts (particularly, the electronic devices and accessories), as well as to provide services, including to support our finance, commercialization and information technology processes. While many of these arrangements improve efficiencies and decrease our operating costs, they also diminish our direct control. Such diminished control may lead to disruption in the distribution of our products and may have a material adverse effect on the quality and availability of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, we may be unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms for numerous reasons, including government regulations, and the distribution of our products may be disrupted in certain markets or our costs may increase significantly if we must replace such third parties with other partners or our own resources.

The effects of climate change, other environmental issues, and related legal or regulatory responses may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.

While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with environmental issues, such as climate change, by establishing environmental goals and standards and seeking business partners, including within our supply chain, that are committed to operating in ways that protect the environment or mitigate environmental impacts, we recognize that there are inherent environmental-related risks, including climate change-related risks, wherever business is conducted. Among other potential impacts, climate change could influence the quality and volume of the agricultural products we rely on, including tobacco, due to several factors beyond our control, including more frequent variations in weather patterns, extreme weather events causing unexpected downtime and inventory losses, other adverse weather conditions, and governmental restrictions on trade, all of which may lead to disruption of operations at factories, warehouses and other premises. 

Furthermore, nature-related risks, including those related to natural ecosystems degradation, decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world, biodiversity loss, water resource depletion and deforestation, which are partially driven or exacerbated by climate change, may negatively impact the resilience of, or otherwise disrupt, our business operations or those of our suppliers and business partners.

There is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies on environmental policies, including those relating to climate change. New environmental-related legal or regulatory requirements may lead to additional carbon taxation, raw or other materials taxation, energy price increases, new compliance costs, increased distribution and supply chain costs, and other expenses impacting our cost of operations. Moreover, given that the regulatory framework in this regard is highly dynamic, additional uncertainties may be driven by further upcoming regulatory changes on which we might have limited visibility or limited time to implement, which could have an impact on several elements of our business, including elevating the cost or complexity of our operations. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws or regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. Additionally, government authorities, non-governmental organizations or external stakeholders are increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory actions, alleging that public statements regarding sustainability-related matters and practices are misleading or false.

Government mandated prices, production control programs, and shifts in crops driven by economic conditions may increase the cost or reduce the quality of the tobacco and other agricultural products used to manufacture our products.

As with other agricultural commodities, the price of tobacco leaf and cloves can be influenced by imbalances in supply and demand and the impacts of natural disasters and pandemics such as COVID-19. Tobacco production in certain countries is subject to a variety of controls, including government mandated prices and production control programs. Changes in the patterns of demand for agricultural products could cause farmers to produce less tobacco or cloves. Any significant change in tobacco leaf and clove prices, quality and quantity could affect our profitability and our business.

A prolonged disruption of our production facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

A prolonged disruption at or shut-down of one or more of the facilities where our products are produced, especially our 
ZYN
 production facility in Kentucky, U.S., which currently supplies substantially all of our capacity for 
ZYN
 sales in the U.S., due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as equipment malfunction or widespread outbreaks of acute illness, including COVID-19, supply chain constraints, or for any other reason, could limit our capacity to meet customer demands. Such an event could disrupt our operations; delay production, shipments and revenue; and result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities. As a result, we could forgo revenue opportunities and potentially lose market share, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

13

Risks Related to our International Operations

Because we have operations in numerous countries, our results may be adversely impacted by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters, pandemics or conflicts.

Some of the countries in which we operate face the threat of civil unrest and can be subject to regime changes. In others, nationalization, terrorism, conflict and the threats of war or acts of war may have a significant impact on the business environment. Factors beyond our control, such as, without limitation, natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics (including COVID-19), economic, political, regulatory, acts of war or threats of war or other developments could disrupt or increase the expenses related to our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, distribution capabilities, or the energy and other utility services required to operate our factories, warehouses, and other premises. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. For example, the global pandemic outbreak of the COVID-19 virus in 2020 created significant societal and economic disruption and the closure of stores, factories and offices, restrictions on manufacturing, distribution and travel, and supply chain disruptions, among other impacts. Additionally, while the supply chains our operations rely on are generally self-contained within their respective trade regions and have limited inflexible trade connections to markets that represent a high tariff risk, a broader increase in tariffs could disrupt our supply chains and increase our costs. Such developments – including the impact of geopolitical disruptions resulting from the conflict in the Middle East and the impact on energy prices and availability in the EU and elsewhere resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia – could cause significant volume declines in our duty-free business and certain other key markets; disrupt or delay our distribution, manufacturing or supply chain; increase currency volatility; increase costs of our materials and operations and lead to loss of property or equipment that are critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, volumes, revenues, cash flows, financial position, net earnings and profitability. We discuss additional risks associated with Russia's invasion of Ukraine and climate change, above.

In certain markets, we are dependent on governmental approvals of various actions such as price changes, and failure to obtain such approvals could impair growth of our profitability.

In addition, despite our high ethical standards and rigorous controls and compliance policies aimed at preventing and detecting unlawful conduct, given the breadth and scope of our international operations, we may not be able to detect all potential improper or unlawful conduct by our employees and partners. Such improper or unlawful conduct (actual or alleged) could lead to litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands, and result in substantial costs. 

Our reported results could be adversely affected by unfavorable currency exchange rates and currency fluctuations could impair our competitiveness. Our results could also be adversely affected by capital controls or by foreign currency exchange constraints or devaluations.

We conduct our business primarily in local currency and, for purposes of financial reporting, the local currency results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. Foreign currencies may fluctuate significantly against the U.S. dollar, reducing our net revenues, operating income and EPS. Our primary local currency cost bases may be different from our primary currency revenue markets, and U.S. dollar fluctuations against various currencies may have disproportionate negative impact on cash flows and on net revenues as compared to our gross profit and operating income margins.

Capital controls and/or foreign currency exchange constraints may affect the ability of our subsidiaries in impacted jurisdictions to settle foreign currency denominated imports of goods and services and/or to pay dividends and royalties. These factors may also increase foreign currency devaluation risks, which may have a negative impact on our net assets and results of operations in these jurisdictions. All of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, including our leverage ratios, cash flows, net earnings, and profitability.

A sustained period of elevated inflation across the markets in which we operate could result in higher operating and financing costs and lead to reduced demand for our products.

Increasing inflationary pressures have and may continue to result in significant increases to our expenses, including direct materials, wages, energy, and transportation costs. While we take actions, wherever possible, to reduce the impact of the effects of inflation, in cases of sustained and elevated inflation across several of our major markets, it may be difficult to effectively control the increases to our costs. In recent periods, increased inflation has and may continue to lead to growing pressures on the cost of certain direct materials, wages, energy, transportation, and logistics as well as an increased cost of capital due to interest rate increases driven by the response to increased inflation. Inflationary pressures may also negatively impact consumer purchasing power, which could result in reduced demand for our products. We expect a moderate inflationary increase in 2025. If we are unable to increase our prices sufficiently or take other actions to mitigate the effect of inflationary pressures, our profitability and financial position could be negatively impacted.

14

Risks Related to Legal Challenges and Investigations

Litigation related to tobacco products and nicotine products could substantially reduce our profitability and could severely impair our liquidity.

There is litigation related to tobacco products and/or nicotine products pending in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Damages claimed in some tobacco-related litigation are significant and, in certain cases, range into the billions of U.S. dollars. As of March 2024, we began facing litigation related to our oral nicotine products before certain courts in the United States. We anticipate that new cases will continue to be filed. The FCTC encourages litigation against tobacco product manufacturers. It is possible that our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. We face various administrative and legal challenges related to certain SFP activities, including allegations concerning product classification, advertising and distribution restrictions, corporate communications, product coach activities, scientific substantiation, product liability, antitrust, and unfair competition.  While we design our programs to comply with relevant regulations, we expect these or similar challenges to continue as we expand our efforts to commercialize SFPs and to communicate with the public. The outcomes of these matters may affect our SFP commercialization and public communication activities and performance in one or more markets. Also see Item 8, Note 18. 
Contingencies
 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pending litigation.

From time to time, we are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters.

Investigations include allegations of contraband shipments of cigarettes, allegations of unlawful pricing activities within certain markets, allegations of underpayment of income taxes, customs duties and/or excise taxes, allegations of false and misleading usage of descriptors, allegations of unlawful advertising or distribution, and allegations of unlawful labor practices. We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. See Item 8, Note 18. 
Contingencies—Other Litigation
 and Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Operating Results by Business Segment—Business Environment—Governmental Investigations
 for a description of certain governmental investigations to which we are subject.

We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and disputes relating to intellectual property rights could harm our business.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable assets, their protection is important to our business, and that protection may not be equally available in every country in which we operate or in which our products are sold. If the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights globally, including through applying for, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing, where relevant, a combination of trademark, design, copyright, patent, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, are inadequate, or if others infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights, notwithstanding legal protection, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Moreover, failing to manage our existing and/or future intellectual property may place us at a competitive disadvantage. Intellectual property rights of third parties may limit our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize our products in one or more markets. Competitors or other third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights. Any such claims, regardless of merit, could divert management’s attention, be costly, disruptive, time-consuming and unpredictable and expose us to significant litigation costs and damages, and may impede our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize new or existing SFPs and improve our products, and thus have a material adverse effect on our revenues and our profitability. In addition, if, as a result, we are unable to manufacture or sell our SFPs or improve their quality in one or more markets, our ability to convert adult smokers to our SFPs in such markets would be adversely affected. See Item 8, Note 18. 
Contingencies—Other Litigation
 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of certain intellectual property proceedings.

The research, development, and commercialization of non-recreational cannabinoid products subjects the Company to legal, regulatory, reputational and other risks.

Our Wellness and Healthcare business is researching, developing, and exploring the commercialization of medical and pharmaceutical cannabinoids and non-recreational cannabinoid products (including CBD). Our Wellness and Healthcare business currently anticipates pursuing these activities in select non-U.S. markets. While we will undertake the activities in a manner consistent with all applicable requirements, successful commercialization is dependent on compliance with a constantly evolving legal and regulatory environment, and subject us to various legal, reputational and regulatory risks, which could have a material, adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A failure by our Wellness and Healthcare business to comply with applicable laws could result in criminal, civil, or tax liability. 

15

Risks Related to our Competitive Environment

We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.

We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business. We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste, R&D, innovation, packaging, customer service, marketing, advertising and retail price. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions; erosion of consumer confidence; competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products; adult smoker willingness to convert to our SFPs; higher product taxes; higher absolute prices and larger gaps between retail price categories; unfair competition; and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products, restricts adult consumer access to truthful and non-misleading information about our SFPs, or disproportionately impacts the commercialization of our products in relation to our competitors. 

Competitors in our industry include Altria Group, Inc., British American Tobacco plc, Japan Tobacco Inc., Imperial Brands plc, new market entrants, particularly with respect to innovative products, several regional and local tobacco companies and, in some instances, state-owned tobacco enterprises, principally in Algeria, Egypt, China, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Some competitors have different profit, volume and regulatory objectives, some international competitors may be less susceptible than PMI to changes in currency exchange rates, and some competitors may sell products in circumvention of applicable regulations that compete directly with our products. Certain new market entrants in the non-combustible product category may alienate consumers from innovative products through inappropriate marketing campaigns, messaging and inferior product satisfaction, and without scientific substantiation based on appropriate R&D protocols and standards. The growing use of digital media could increase the speed and extent of the dissemination of inaccurate and misleading information about our SFPs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. See Item 1, 
Business—Competition 
for a description of the competitive environment in which we operate.

We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences.

Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions, accessibility to our products and availability of accurate information related to our products. 

To be successful, we must: 

•

promote brand equity successfully;

•

anticipate and respond to new adult consumer trends;

•

ensure that our products meet our quality standards;

•

develop new products and markets and broaden brand portfolios;

•

improve productivity;

•

educate and encourage adult smokers to convert to our SFPs;

•

ensure effective adult consumer engagement, including communication about product characteristics and usage of SFPs;

•

mitigate the impact of developments that cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands;

•

provide excellent customer care;

•

ensure adequate production capacity to meet demand for our products; and

•

be able to protect or enhance margins through price increases.

In periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may tend to purchase low-price brands, and the volume of our premium-price and mid-price brands and our profitability could be materially adversely impacted as a result. Such down-trading trends may be reinforced by regulation that limits branding, communication and product differentiation. In addition to economic uncertainty (including recessions and inflation) unusual weather events and global or local epidemics, endemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) has and may change the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands. 

Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, maintain sufficient production capacity, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix.

Our profit growth may be materially adversely impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to meet the demand for our products with increased production capacity, to raise prices, or to improve the proportion of our sales of higher margin products and in higher margin geographies. 

16

We may be unable to expand our brand portfolio through acquisitions or the development of strategic business relationships, and the intended benefits from our investments may not materialize.

One element of our growth strategy is to expand our brand portfolio and market positions through selective acquisitions and the development of strategic business relationships. Acquisition and strategic business development opportunities are limited and present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and/or anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position. In addition, we may not have a controlling position in certain strategic investments or relationships, which could impact the extent to which the intended financial growth and other benefits from these investments or relationships may ultimately materialize.

Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation.

To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We compete for talent, including in areas that are relatively new to us such as digital, information technology, and life sciences, with companies in the consumer products, technology, pharmaceutical and other sectors that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, we may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience and skills to achieve our strategic goals. 

Risks Related to Illicit Trade

Our revenues may be materially adversely affected as a result of counterfeiting, contraband, cross-border purchases, illicit products, non-tax-paid volume produced by local manufacturers and other non-compliant or illicit cigarettes or smoke-free products.

Large quantities of counterfeit cigarettes are sold in the international market. We believe that 
Marlboro
 is the most heavily counterfeited international cigarette brand, although we cannot quantify the revenues we lose as a result of this activity. Counterfeits of our smoke-free products are not subject to our scientific validation procedures, are unlikely to meet our product quality standards, and may materially adversely affect the reputation of our smoke-free products with consumers, regulators, and other stakeholders. In addition, our revenues may be materially adversely affected by counterfeiting, contraband, cross-border purchases, non-tax-paid volume produced by local manufacturers and other non-compliant or illicit cigarettes or smoke-free products.

17

Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Governance

We are significantly dependent on our and third-party information technology networks and systems, and a cybersecurity incident or attack against those networks or systems may adversely impact our business and operations.

We and our business partners heavily rely on information technology networks and systems, including those connected to the Internet, to help manage business processes and operations, including the collection, storage, interpretation, and processing of confidential, sensitive, personal and other data; internal and external communications; marketing and e-commerce activities; the manufacture, sale, and distribution of our products; management of third-party business relationships; engagement with governmental authorities; innovation through research and development; and other activities necessary for business operations. Some of these information systems and networks are developed, supplied, or managed by third-party service providers that may make us vulnerable to “supply chain” style cyberattacks. Additionally, some information technology systems may be supported by artificial intelligence capabilities that may not function as intended, posing cybersecurity and data protection risks. The failure or disruption of our information technology networks and systems, or those managed by third-party service providers or owned by our business partners and used in furtherance of PMI’s business, due to cybersecurity attacks; unauthorized attempts to corrupt or extract data; security vulnerabilities; misconfigurations; human error; or failure or inability by us, third-parties, or our business partners to adhere to cybersecurity industry best practices, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, cause reputational damage, impact our operations, result in data breaches, significant business disruption, litigation, regulatory action including significant fines or penalties, financial impact, loss of revenue or assets including our intellectual property, personal, confidential, or sensitive data.

Cyberattacks, security incidents and vulnerabilities impacting PMI, newly acquired companies, our business partners, or our third-party providers, continue to dynamically evolve in sophistication and volume, making it difficult for us to predict probability, frequency, and impact severity of security incidents. Further, it may be inherently difficult to detect vulnerabilities during due diligence, for long periods of time, or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. There can be no assurance that such security incidents or vulnerabilities will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. While PMI works to mitigate these risks by implementing a cybersecurity risk program and a third-party cybersecurity risk management program, there can be no assurance that these programs are comprehensive or accurately identify and sufficiently mitigate all cybersecurity risks. 

We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to maintain information security protections in line with industry standards and best practices. We evaluate the adequacy of preventative actions to reduce security incidents on an ongoing basis. 

Cyberattacks, security incidents and vulnerabilities have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, PMI, our business partners, and our third-party providers. Cyberattacks continue to dynamically evolve in sophistication and volume, making it difficult for us to predict probability, frequency, and impact severity of security incidents on the Company. We also have, and continue to face, immaterial third-party information security breaches. While these types of incidents have occurred frequently within the last three years, none have been material to our business, financial condition, or results. 

Our safeguards may not, however, be effective in mitigating the impact of service disruptions or other failures of these information technology networks and systems. Failure to timely respond and mitigate security incidents, could result in wide-ranging business interruptions. Such security incidents could place us at a competitive disadvantage; result in financial impacts, a loss of revenue, assets, including our intellectual property, personal or other sensitive data; result in litigation and regulatory action including significant fines or penalties; impact our operations; cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands; and result in significant remediation and other costs. See Item 1C. 
Cybersecurity
 for a description of our cybersecurity risk management and strategy and governance.

Our or our business partners’ failure or inability to adhere to privacy, data, artificial intelligence and information security laws could result in business disruption, loss of reputation and consumer trust, litigation, regulatory action including significant fines or penalties, financial impact, and loss of revenue, assets or personal, confidential, or sensitive data.

An actual or alleged failure to comply with complex and changing privacy, data, artificial intelligence and information security laws and regulations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, various U.S. state and federal laws, and other similar privacy and information security laws across the jurisdictions in which PMI operates, such as the failure to protect personal data; implement appropriate technological and reasonable security measures; implement and maintain appropriate safeguards for personal data being transferred internationally; respect the privacy rights of data subjects; provide sufficient detailed notices of personal data processing; retrieve consent and provide opt-outs; meet stringent timeframe requirements for incident reporting to regulatory authorities; comply with artificial intelligence regulations, and others, could have a material adverse effect on us, subject us to substantial fines and/or legal challenges, and/or harm our business, reputation, financial condition, or operating results. Such laws and regulations across the jurisdictions in which PMI operates may vary, resulting in inconsistent or conflicting legal obligations. Although we maintain a cyber 

18

liability insurance policy to address many of these risks, such policy may not be sufficient to prevent a cybersecurity incident or attack from resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, or operating results. 

Risks Related to Acquisitions and Divestitures

We may not successfully identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, or investments. 

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates, joint ventures, or investments that may strategically fit our business objectives. As a result of some of these evaluations, we have acquired and may acquire in the future certain businesses (or parts of businesses) or assets. We have also divested and may divest businesses from time to time. These activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks including, but not limited to, diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties in integrating, or inability to successfully integrate, acquired businesses, including integrating or separating personnel, information technology, financial and other systems; inability to effectively and immediately implement control environment processes across a diverse employee population; adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships; potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners, as well as other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition or other regulatory authorities or to satisfy certain legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, delays, or our inability to complete such transactions. Any of these factors could prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of any such transaction and/or could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We may face additional risks related to divestitures. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional or long-term service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Accounting adjustments related to acquisitions could adversely affect our financial results.

Given the nature of assets acquired through acquisitions, we may not be able to avoid future impairments of those assets, which may also have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and financial position.