. 

Our Company is subject to a number of risks
affecting our operating results – some are normal to the fabless semiconductor industry, some are the same or similar to those disclosed in previous SEC filings, and some may be present in the future. You should carefully consider all of these
risks and the other information in this report before investing in PMC. The fact that certain risks are endemic to the industry does not lessen the significance of the risk. 

We are subject to rapid changes in demand for our products due to short order lead times, customer inventory levels, production schedules, fluctuations in demand for networking equipment and our customer
concentration. 

As a result of the following risks, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. This
could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

Our revenues and profits may fluctuate
because of factors that are beyond our control, including variation in our turns business. 

Our ability to project revenues is limited because a
significant portion of our quarterly revenues may be derived from orders placed and shipped in the same quarter, which we call our “turns business.” Our turns business varies widely quarter to quarter. Our customers may delay product
orders and reduce delivery lead-time expectations, which reduces our ability to project revenues beyond the current quarter. While we evaluate end users’ and contract manufacturers’ inventories of our products to assess the impact of
inventories on our projected turns business, we do not have complete information on their inventories. This could cause our projections of a quarter’s turn business to be inaccurate, leading to lower revenues than projected. 

We may fail to meet our forecasts if our customers cancel or delay the purchase of our products. 

Many of our customers have numerous product lines, numerous component requirements for each product, sizeable and complex supplier structures, and typically engage
contract manufacturers for additional manufacturing capacity. In addition, our customers often shift buying patterns as they manage inventory levels, market different products, or change production schedules. This makes forecasting their production
requirements difficult and can lead to an inventory surplus of certain of their components. This also reduces our visibility for revenues beyond the current quarter, so projections of full-year results based on current guidance from customers may
not be realized. 

We may be unable to deliver products to customers when they require them if we incorrectly estimate future demand, and this may cause the
timing of shipments of our products to fluctuate. Our book-to-bill ratio in a quarter does not predict accurately revenues in the next quarter. Because a significant portion of our operating expenses are fixed, even a small revenue shortfall can
have a disproportionately negative effect on our operating results. 

17 

Table of Contents

If the demand for our customers’ products declines, demand for our products will be similarly
affected and our revenues, gross margins and operating performance will be adversely affected. 

Our customers are subject to their own business cycles,
most of which are unpredictable in commencement, depth and duration. We cannot accurately predict the continued demand of our customers’ products and the demands of our customers for our products. In the past, telecommunication service
providers have reduced capital spending without notice, adversely affecting our revenues. As a result of this uncertainty, our past operating results may not be indicative of our future operating results. It is possible that, in future periods, our
results may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. This could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We rely on a few customers for a major portion of our sales, any one of which could materially impact our revenues should they change their ordering pattern. 

We depend on a limited number of customers for a major portion of our revenues. Through direct, distributor and subcontractor purchases, Cisco Systems and EMC Corporation accounted for more than 10% of our revenues in
2006. The companies that constitute our largest customers may change due to the Storage Semiconductor Business and Passave acquisitions. We do not have long-term volume purchase commitments from any of our major customers. We sell our products
solely on the basis of purchase orders. Those customers could decide to cease purchasing products with little or no notice and without significant penalties. A number of factors could cause our customers to cancel or defer orders, including
interruptions to their operations due to a downturn in their industries, delays in manufacturing their own product offerings into which our products are incorporated and natural disasters. Accordingly, our future operating results will continue to
depend on the success of our largest customers and on our ability to sell existing and new products to these customers in significant quantities. 

The loss
of a key customer, or a reduction in our sales to any major customer or our inability to attract new significant customers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Product sales mix may adversely affect our profitability over time. 

Our products range widely in terms of the margins they generate. A change in product sales mix could impact our operating results materially. 

As a result of our internal review of our stock option practices and related restatement of financial results, we have become subject to an informal SEC inquiry and shareholder litigation, which may not be resolved
favorably and will require significant management time and attention and accounting and legal resources, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

As a result of our restatement of the 2005 10-K, the SEC has commenced an informal inquiry regarding the Company’s stock option practices, and we have been named as
defendant in three derivative lawsuits. In addition, we may become the subject of government or private litigation, including an investigation by the Department of Justice. There are no assurances that the SEC inquiry will result in the same
conclusions as those reached in the Audit Committee’s review. This may result in different or additional materially adverse accounting or tax impacts 

18 

Table of Contents

on our historical financial statements relating to stock option grants. In addition, the SEC inquiry and shareholder litigation may require significant human
and financial resources that could otherwise be devoted to the operation of our business. If we are subject to an adverse finding resulting from the SEC investigation or litigation, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other
remedies imposed upon us. An SEC investigation or litigation may also impair our ability to timely file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the future, which could lead to our inability to continue to meet NASDAQ listing
requirements and comply with contractual commitments to do so, and impair our ability to grant employee equity incentives. In addition, we could become the target of costly class-action securities litigation related to other matters in the future.
Considerable legal and accounting expenses related to these matters have been incurred to date and significant expenditures may continue to be incurred in the future. Any new investigation or litigation could adversely affect our business, results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

Our 2006 acquisitions may adversely affect our results of operations and be dilutive to existing
shareholders. 

In addition to the risks the Company generally faces in connection with acquisitions, including difficulties in assimilating and
integrating the operations, personnel, technologies, products and information systems of acquired businesses, there are several risks that the Company faces in connection with the acquisitions of Passave Inc., and the Avago Storage Semiconductor
Business. 

We purchased Passave in part based on projected growth in the Fiber To The Home market. This growth depends on many factors, including service
provider capital expenditures, consumer adoption of FTTH-based services and government policy. The timing of development of the North American FTTH market is less certain than in Asian markets. 

Whether and when the Passave acquisition becomes accretive to PMC depends on growth in both Passave’s and PMC’s business. Projected tax rates for
Passave’s business assume continued tax incentives from the state of Israel. 

PMC must successfully integrate Passave’s personnel and operations
with PMC’s personnel and operations to achieve the benefits of the acquisition. 

The Storage Semiconductor Business acquisition may make the Company
reliant on a limited number of customers for a major portion of its revenues. PMC may also be unsuccessful at, either selling the existing products of the acquired business, or developing and selling new products of the combined company. PMC may not
achieve its goal of improving time-to-market for integrated circuits using its existing technology and the acquired business’ technology. 

If PMC
fails to successfully address integration challenges in a timely manner, or at all, it may not realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of the acquisition to the extent, or in the time frame, anticipated. Even if the acquired businesses are
successfully integrated, the Company may not receive the expected benefits of the acquisitions, which are based on forecasts, which are subject to numerous assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate. Any one of these integration challenges or any
combination thereof could adversely affect PMC’s cash flow and results of operations, and as a result, the acquisition may prove to be dilutive to existing shareholders. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are involved in litigation with UTStarcom that may be expensive and time consuming. 

In November 2005, UTStarcom, Inc. filed a suit against Passave in the Santa Clara County Superior Court in California, which is more fully described under Part I
Item 3. “Legal Proceedings”. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to UTStarcom’s claims. Although we have attempted to try to resolve this claim, we may not be able to do so on reasonable terms, if at all. If PMC loses
this litigation, a court could require us to pay substantial damages. Any negotiated resolution of the UTStarcom claim could also require PMC to make substantial payments. Either of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in the political and economic climate in China and Taiwan may have a significant impact on our
profitability. 

China represents a significant portion of our net revenues (15% and 19% for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively) and substantially all of Passave’s revenues in 2006 were derived from product sales in Japan. Our financial condition and results of operations are becoming increasingly dependent on our sales in China and the majority of our
wafer supply comes from Taiwan. China has large organizations with major programs that can start and stop quickly. For example, in 2004 our operating profits were adversely affected by a sudden slowdown in telecom infrastructure build-out in China.
Instability in China’s economic environment could lead to a contraction of capital spending by our customers. Economic shutdowns, decreases in demand in these markets for our products and overall negative market conditions in Asia could have a
disproportionate effect on our overall business results. Additional risks to us include economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. government, imposition of tariffs and other potential trade barriers or regulations, uncertain protection for intellectual
property rights and generally longer receivable collection periods. 

Hostilities in Israel may have a significant impact on our Israeli
subsidiary’s ability to conduct its business. 

One of our subsidiaries is located in Israel, and employs approximately 150 people. If regional
hostilities resume, a significant number of the subsidiary’s employees may be called into active military duty at any time. As a result, while product development schedules have not to date been impacted, there may be delays in their ability to
meet future development schedules. It is not clear if the hostilities will resume, and if so, how many PMC employees may be called to military duty or otherwise affected by any potential hostilities. 

Our revenues may decline if we do not maintain a competitive portfolio of products. 

We are experiencing significantly greater competition from many different market participants as the market in which we participate matures. In addition, we are expanding into markets, such as the wireless
infrastructure, enterprise storage, customer premise equipment, and generic microprocessor markets, which have established incumbents with substantial financial and technological resources. We expect more intense competition than that which we have
traditionally faced as some of these incumbents derive a majority of their earnings from these markets. 

20 

Table of Contents

We typically face competition at the design stage, where customers evaluate alternative design approaches requiring
integrated circuits. The markets for our products are intensely competitive and subject to rapid technological advancement in design tools, wafer manufacturing techniques, process tools and alternate networking technologies. We may not be able to
develop new products at competitive pricing and performance levels. Even if we are able to do so, we may not complete a new product and introduce it to market in a timely manner. Our customers may substitute use of our products in their next
generation equipment with those of current or future competitors, reducing our future revenues. With the shortening product life and design-in cycles in many of our customers’ products, our competitors may have more opportunities to supplant
our products in next generation systems. 

Our customers are increasingly price conscious, as semiconductors sourced from third party suppliers comprise a
greater portion of the total materials cost in networking equipment. We continue to experience aggressive price competition from competitors that wish to enter into the market segments in which we participate. These circumstances may make some of
our products less competitive, and we may be forced to decrease our prices significantly to win a design. We may lose design opportunities or may experience overall declines in gross margins as a result of increased price competition. 

Over the next few years, we expect additional competitors, some of which may also have greater financial and other resources, to enter the market with new products.
These companies, individually or collectively, could represent future competition for many design wins, and subsequent product sales. 

Design wins do
not translate into near-term revenues and the timing of revenues from newly designed products is often uncertain. 

From time to time, we announce new
products and design wins for existing and new products. While some industry analysts may use design wins as a metric for future revenues, many design wins have not, and will not, generate any revenues for us, as customer projects are cancelled or
unsuccessful in their end market. In the event a design win generates revenues, the amount of revenues will vary greatly from one design win to another. In addition, most revenue-generating design wins do not translate into near-term revenues. Most
revenue-generating design wins take more than two years to generate meaningful revenues. 

We may be unsuccessful in transitioning the
design of our new products to new manufacturing processes. 

Many of our new products are designed to take advantage of new manufacturing processes
offering smaller device geometries as they become available, since smaller geometries can provide a product with improved features such as lower power requirements, increased performance, more functionality and lower cost. We believe that the
transition of our products to, and introduction of new products using, smaller device geometries is critical for us to remain competitive. We could experience difficulties in migrating to future smaller device geometries or manufacturing processes,
which would result in the delay of the production of our products. Our products may become obsolete during these delays, or allow competitors’ parts to be chosen by customers during the design process. 

21 

Table of Contents

Since many of the products we develop do not reach full production sales volumes for a number of
years, we may incorrectly anticipate market demand and develop products that achieve little or no market acceptance. 

Our products generally take
between 12 and 24 months from initial conceptualization to development of a viable prototype, and another 3 to 18 months to be designed into our customers’ equipment and sold in production quantities. Our products often must be redesigned
because manufacturing yields on prototypes are unacceptable or customers redefine their products to meet changing industry standards or customer specifications. As a result, we develop products many years before volume production and may
inaccurately anticipate our customers’ needs. 

We may have to redesign our products to meet evolving industry standards and customer
specifications, which may prevent or delay future revenue growth. 

We sell products to customers whose characteristics include evolving industry
standards, short product lifespans, and new manufacturing and design technologies. Many of the standards and protocols for our products are based on networking technologies that may not have been widely adopted or ratified by one or more of the
standard-setting bodies in our customers’ industries. Our customers may delay or alter their design demands during this standard-setting process. In response, we must redesign our products to suit these changing demands. Redesign is expensive
and usually delays the production of our products. Our products may become obsolete during these delays. 

Our strategy includes broadening our business
into the Enterprise, Storage and Consumer markets. We may not be successful in achieving significant sales in these markets. 

The Enterprise, Storage
and Consumer markets are already serviced by incumbent suppliers who have established relationships with customers. We may be unsuccessful in displacing these suppliers, or having our products designed into products for different market needs. In
order to compete against incumbents, we may need to lower our prices to win new business, which could lower our gross margin. We may incur increased research, development and sales costs to address these new markets. These markets typically are
characterized by stronger price competition and, consequently, lower per unit profit margins. If we are successful in these markets, our overall profit margins could decline, as lower margin products may comprise a greater portion of our revenues.

We are subject to the risks of conducting business outside the United States, which may impair our sales, development or manufacturing of our products.

In addition to selling our products in a number of countries, a significant portion of our research and development and manufacturing is conducted
outside the United States. The geographic diversity of our business operations could hinder our ability to coordinate design and sales activities. If we are unable to develop systems and communication processes to support our geographic diversity,
we may suffer product development delays or strained customer relationships. 

22 

Table of Contents

The final determination of our income tax liability may be materially different from our income tax
provision.

We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and international jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in
determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Additionally our calculations of income taxes are based on our
interpretations of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of our income tax liability will not be materially different
than what is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of new legislation, an audit or litigation, if our effective tax rate should change as a result of changes in federal,
international or state and local tax laws, or if we were to change the locations where we operate, there could be a material effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods in which that determination is made, and
potentially to future periods as well. For instance, our estimated tax provision rate increased significantly at the end of 2006 due to an increase in our estimated tax liability following receipt in 2007 of a written communication from a tax
authority examining the historic transfer pricing policies and practices of certain companies within the PMC-Sierra group. As a result, we increased our provision for periods prior to 2006 by $29.9 million and increased our 2006 expected tax rate
from approximately 17% to 22%. 

We may lose our ability to design or produce products, could face additional unforeseen costs or could
lose access to key customers if any of the nations in which we conduct business impose trade barriers or new communications standards. 

We may have
difficulty obtaining export licenses for certain technology produced for us outside the United States. If a foreign country imposes new taxes, tariffs, quotas, and other trade barriers and restrictions or the United States and a foreign country
develop hostilities or change diplomatic and trade relationships, we may not be able to continue manufacturing or sub-assembly of our products in that country and may have fewer sales in that country. We may also have fewer sales in a country that
imposes new communications standards or technologies. This could inhibit our ability to meet our customers’ demand for our products and lower our revenues. 

If foreign exchange rates fluctuate significantly, our profitability may decline. 

We are exposed to foreign
currency rate fluctuations because a significant part of our development, test, and selling and administrative costs are in Canadian dollars, and our selling costs are incurred in a variety of currencies around the world. The U.S. dollar has
devalued significantly compared to the Canadian dollar and this trend may continue. To protect against reductions in value and the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in foreign 

23 

Table of Contents

exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts. The contracts reduce, but do not eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate
movements. In addition, this foreign currency risk management policy may not be effective in addressing long-term fluctuations since our contracts do not extend beyond a 12-month maturity. 

We regularly limit our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations from our Canadian dollar net asset or liability positions. We do not hedge our accrual for Canadian
income taxes in the ordinary course of business, and consequently in 2006 we recorded a $0.4 million foreign exchange gain relating to this item. Our profitability would be materially impacted by a 5% shift in the foreign exchange rates between
United States and Canadian currencies. 

We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers. 

Many of our customers employ contract manufacturers to produce their products and manage their inventories. Many of these contract manufacturers represent greater credit
risk than our networking equipment customers, who generally do not guarantee our credit receivables related to their contract manufacturers. 

In addition,
a significant portion of our sales flows through our distribution channel, which generally represent a higher credit risk. Should these companies encounter financial difficulties, our revenues could decrease, and collection of our significant
accounts receivables with these companies could be jeopardized. 

Our business strategy contemplates acquisition of other products, technologies, or
businesses, which could adversely affect our operating performance. 

Acquiring products, intellectual property, technologies, or businesses from third
parties is a core part of our business strategy. That strategy depends on the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at reasonable prices and our ability to resolve challenges associated with integrating acquired businesses into our
existing business. These challenges include integration of product lines, sales forces, customer lists and manufacturing facilities, development of expertise outside our existing business, diversion of management time and resources, and possible
divestitures, inventory write-offs and other charges. We also may be forced to replace key personnel who may leave our Company as a result of the acquisition. We cannot be certain that we will find suitable acquisition candidates or that we will be
able to meet these challenges successfully. 

An acquisition could absorb substantial cash resources, require us to incur or assume debt obligations, or
issue additional equity. If we are not able to obtain financing, then we may not be in a position to consummate acquisitions. If we issue equity securities in connection with an acquisition, we may dilute our common stock with securities that have
an equal or a senior interest in our Company. 

From time to time, we license, or acquire, technology from third parties to incorporate into our
products. Incorporating technology into our products may be more costly, or require additional management attention to achieve the desired functionality. 

The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products and damage our reputation with current or prospective customers. 

24 

Table of Contents

Although our customers, our suppliers, and we rigorously test our products, our highly complex products may contain
defects or bugs. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future, experience defects and bugs in our products. If any of our products contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems that are significant to our
customers, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products. This could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers. In addition, these defects or bugs could
interrupt or delay sales to our customers. 

We may have to invest significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems with our products. If any
of these problems are not found until after we have commenced commercial production of a new product, we may be required to incur additional development costs and product recall, repair or replacement costs. These problems may also result in claims
against us by our customers or others. In addition, these problems may divert our technical and other resources from other development efforts. Moreover, we would likely lose, or experience a delay in, market acceptance of the affected product or
products, and we could lose credibility with our current and prospective customers. 

Our 2005 restructuring activities will increase our dependence on
microprocessor cores licensed from third parties. 

In June 2005, we implemented a workforce reduction plan that eliminated 63 positions from research
and development in our Santa Clara design center. A significant portion of our revenues is derived from sales of microprocessors that have been developed at this location. In the future, our microprocessor road map will be dependent on successful
acquisition and integration of microprocessor cores developed by third parties. If we experience difficulties in obtaining or integrating intellectual property from these third parties, it could delay or prevent the development of
microprocessor-based products in the future. 

The loss of personnel could delay us from designing new products. 

To succeed, we must retain and hire technical personnel highly skilled at the design and test functions needed to develop high-speed networking products. The competition
for such employees is intense. 

We do not have employment agreements in place with many of our key personnel. As employee incentives, we issue common stock
options that generally have exercise prices at the market value at the time of grant and that are subject to vesting. As our stock price varies substantially, the stock options we grant to employees are effective as retention incentives only if they
have economic value. 

We may not be able to meet customer demand for our products if we do not accurately predict demand or if we fail to secure
adequate wafer fabrication or assembly parts and capacity. 

We currently do not have the ability to accurately predict what products our customers will
need 

25 

Table of Contents

in the future. Anticipating demand is difficult because our customers face volatile pricing and demand for their end-user networking equipment, our customers
are focusing more on cash preservation and tighter inventory management, and because we supply a large number of products to a variety of customers and contract manufacturers who have many equipment programs for which they purchase our products. Our
customers are frequently requesting shipment of our products earlier than our normal lead times. If we do not accurately predict what mix of products our customers may order, we may not be able to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner
or we may be left with unwanted inventory, which could adversely affect our future operating results. In addition, if our customers’ relationships are disrupted for inability to deliver sufficient products or for any other reason, including
reasons unrelated to us, it would have a significant negative impact on our business. 

We depend on third-party subcontractors to
assemble, obtain packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our current semiconductor products. If we lose the services of any of our subcontractors or if these subcontractors are unable to attain sufficient packaging materials,
shipments of our products may be disrupted, which could harm our customer relationships and adversely affect our revenues.

Third-party contractors
located primarily in Asia assemble, obtain packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our current semiconductor products. Because we rely on third-party subcontractors to perform these functions, we cannot directly control our
product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This lack of control has in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in product shortages or quality assurance problems that could delay shipments of our products or increase our
manufacturing, assembly or testing costs.

If our third-party subcontractors are unable to obtain sufficient packaging materials for our products in a
timely manner, we may experience a significant product shortage or delay in product shipments, which could seriously harm our customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our net sales. If any of these subcontractors experiences
capacity constraints or financial difficulties, suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences power outages or any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services in a
timely manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually takes us to qualify assemblers and testers, we could experience significant delays in product shipments if we are required to find alternative assemblers or testers for our
components. Any problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or cost of our products could damage our customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We are continuing to develop
relationships with additional third-party subcontractors to assemble and test our products. However, even if we use these new subcontractors, we will continue to be subject to all of the risks described above. 

Our business may be adversely affected if its customers cannot obtain sufficient supplies of other components needed in their product offerings to
meet their production projections and target quantities. 

Some of our products are used by customers in conjunction with a number of other components,
such as transceivers, microcontrollers and digital signal processors. If, for any reason, our customers experience a shortage of any component, their ability to produce the 

26 

Table of Contents

forecasted quantity of their product offerings may be affected adversely and our product sales would decline until the shortage is remedied. Such a situation
could harm our operating results, cash flow and financial condition. 

We rely on limited sources of wafer fabrication, the loss of which
could delay and limit our product shipments. 

We do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. Three outside wafer foundries supply more than 95%
of our semiconductor wafer requirements. Our wafer foundry suppliers also make products for other companies and some make products for themselves, thus we may not have access to adequate capacity or certain process technologies. We have less control
over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs than competitors with their own fabrication facilities. If the wafer foundries we use are unable or unwilling to manufacture our products in required volumes, or at specified times, we may have
to identify and qualify acceptable additional or alternative foundries. This qualification process could take six months or longer. We may not find sufficient capacity quickly enough, if ever, at an acceptable cost, to satisfy our production
requirements. 

Some companies that supply our customers are similarly dependent on a limited number of suppliers to produce their products. These other
companies’ products may be designed into the same networking equipment into which our products are designed. Our order levels could be reduced materially if these companies are unable to access sufficient production capacity to produce in
volumes demanded by our customers because our customers may be forced to slow down or halt production on the equipment into which our products are designed. 

We depend on third parties in Asia for assembly of our semiconductor products that could delay and limit our product shipments. 

Subcontractors in Asia assemble all of our semiconductor products into a variety of packages. Raw material shortages, political and social instability, assembly house service disruptions, currency fluctuations, or
other circumstances in the region could force us to seek additional or alternative sources of supply or assembly. This could lead to supply constraints or product delivery delays that, in turn, may result in the loss of revenues. Capacity in the
assembly industry has become scarce, lengthening lead times. This could become more severe, which could in turn adversely affect our revenues. We have less control over delivery schedules, assembly processes, quality assurances, raw material
supplies, and costs than competitors that do not outsource these tasks. 

Our business is vulnerable to interruption by earthquake, fire,
power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist activity and other events beyond our control. 

We do not have sufficient business interruption
insurance to compensate us for actual losses from interruption of our business that may occur, and any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are vulnerable to a major earthquake and other
calamities. We have operations in seismically active regions in California, and we rely on third-party wafer fabrication facilities in seismically active regions in Asia. We have not undertaken a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to
our business and financial results from a major earthquake in either region. We are unable to predict the effects of any such event, but the effects could be seriously harmful to our business. 

27 

Table of Contents

Our estimated restructuring accruals may not be adequate. 

In 2005 and 2006, we implemented restructuring plans to streamline production and reduce and reallocate operating costs. In 2001 and 2003, we implemented plans to
restructure our operations in response to the decline in demand for our networking products. We reduced the workforce and consolidated or shut down excess facilities in an effort to bring our expenses into line with our reduced revenue expectations.

While management uses all available information to estimate these restructuring costs, particularly facilities costs, our accruals may prove to be
inadequate. If our actual sublease revenues or the results of our exiting negotiations differ from our assumptions, we may have to record additional charges, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flow.

From time to time, we become defendants in legal proceedings about which we are unable to assess our exposure and which could become significant
liabilities upon judgment. 

We become defendants in legal proceedings from time to time. Companies in our industry have been subject to claims related
to patent infringement and product liability, as well as contract and personal claims. We may not be able to accurately assess the risk related to these suits, and we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure. These proceedings may
result in material charges to our operating results in the future if our exposure is material and if our ability to assess our exposure becomes clearer. 

If we cannot protect our proprietary technology, we may not be able to prevent competitors from copying our technology and selling similar products, which would harm our revenues. 

To compete effectively, we must protect our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, confidentiality
procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. We hold numerous patents and have a number of pending patent applications. 

We might not succeed in obtaining patents from any of our pending applications. Even if we are awarded patents, they may not provide any meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us, as they may not be of sufficient scope or
strength, or may not be issued in all countries where our products can be sold. In addition, our competitors may be able to design around our patents. 

We
develop, manufacture and sell our products in Asian and other countries that may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This makes piracy of our technology and products more
likely. Steps we take to protect our proprietary information may not be adequate to prevent theft of our technology. We may not be able to prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are similar to or better than ours.

28 

Table of Contents

Our products employ technology that may infringe on the intellectual property and the proprietary rights of third
parties, which may expose us to litigation and prevent us from selling our products. 

Vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights or
positions characterize the semiconductor industry. This often results in expensive and lengthy litigation. We, and our customers or suppliers, may be accused of infringing on patents or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties in
the future. An adverse result in any litigation could force us to pay substantial damages, stop manufacturing, using and selling the infringing products, spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue using certain
processes or obtain licenses to the infringing technology. In addition, we may not be able to develop non-infringing technology, or find appropriate licenses on reasonable terms. 

Patent disputes in the semiconductor industry are often settled through cross-licensing arrangements. Because we currently do not have a substantial portfolio of patents compared to our larger competitors, we may not
be able to settle an alleged patent infringement claim through a cross-licensing arrangement. We are therefore more exposed to third party claims than some of our larger competitors and customers. 

The majority of our customers are required to obtain licenses from and pay royalties to third parties for the sale of systems incorporating our semiconductor devices.
Customers may also make claims against us with respect to infringement. 

Furthermore, we may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for
infringing our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. This could consume significant resources and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of the litigation’s outcome.

Securities we issue to fund our operations could dilute your ownership. 

We may decide to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of current stockholders will be reduced and the new
equity securities may have priority rights to your investment. We may not obtain sufficient financing on terms that are favorable to you or us. We may delay, limit or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations if adequate funds are not
available. 

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. 

We expect that the price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate significantly, as it has in the past. In particular, fluctuations in our stock price and our price-to-earnings multiple may have made our stock
attractive to momentum, hedge or day-trading investors who often shift funds into and out of stocks rapidly, exacerbating price fluctuations in either direction particularly when viewed on a quarterly basis. 

Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against a company following periods of volatility and decline in the market price of their securities. If
instituted against us, regardless of the outcome, such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our 

29 

Table of Contents

management’s attention and resources and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, we
could incur substantial punitive and other damages relating to this litigation. 

Provisions in Delaware law, our charter documents and our stockholder
rights plan may delay or prevent another entity from acquiring us without the consent of our Board of Directors. 

We adopted a stockholder rights plan
in 2001, pursuant to which we declared a dividend of one share purchase right for each outstanding share of common stock. If certain events occur, including if an investor tenders for or acquires more than 15% of our outstanding common stock,
stockholders (other than the acquirer) may exercise their rights and receive $650 worth of our common stock in exchange for $325 per right, or we may, at our option, issue one share of common stock in exchange for each right, or we may redeem the
rights for $0.001 per right. The issuance of the rights could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 

In addition, our Board
of Directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Delaware law imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations
between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. 

Although we believe these provisions of our charter documents, Delaware law and
our stockholder rights plan will provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some
stockholders. 

30 

Table of Contents