We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. Thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. For more information about how we manage risks, see the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report.

The following are the material risk factors that affect us of which we are currently aware. Any one or more of these risk factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. These risk factors and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this Report. Thus, the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face.

Risks Related to the Economy and Other External Factors, Including Regulation

Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. 

Our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the U.S. Declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns, higher inflation and unemployment. In addition, adverse economic conditions may limit the availability of, or increase the costs of, capital and labor, erode customer purchasing power, confidence and spending and may also reduce our tolerance for extending credit. Increases in costs or expenses impacting our customers’ operations and financial performance, such as the interest rates payable on their debt obligations, could increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services.

We operate in an uncertain economic environment due to sustained inflationary pressures, including higher prices and lower housing affordability, and fluctuating trade policies (including tariffs), combined with geopolitical tensions. These conditions have led and may continue to lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. Financial market volatility could also result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. Any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, with the significance of the impact generally 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

11

depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions. Even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. This can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy and impact our customers whose operations or financial conditions directly or indirectly depend on good or stable conditions in those segments. For example, underutilization of commercial real estate space, combined with higher interest rates, has harmed some customers’ creditworthiness and ability to refinance maturing loans, and decreased the demand for financial services in that sector.

Our foreign business activities and operations continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. As a result, the direct impact on our business and financial performance from economic conditions outside the U.S. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expanded our foreign business and operations more than nominally. We are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions, trade policies (including tariffs) and geopolitical tensions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the U.S.

The impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

Changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter their behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. Such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. PNC may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. Uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts.

Congress and the current presidential administration have introduced and may continue to introduce changes in the laws or policies applicable to us and the agencies that regulate us, including their interpretations of rules and guidelines. These changes may subject financial institutions like us to changes in regulation, supervision and enforcement that are difficult to predict and uncertain for a period of time and may create the possibility of significant impacts on business activity in the U.S. and globally. In addition, the application of some laws may require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations. Further, some of the regulations finalized in the prior administration that are applicable to financial institutions were modified, rescinded or withdrawn or are subject to reevaluation, creating further uncertainty.

The impact that these changes may have on our operations or financial condition are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed “As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.”

Concern regarding high and rising federal debt levels and federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial government shutdowns, also can create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance.

The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance.

The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, including changes in the federal funds rate, open market operations and balance sheet management, have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance and volatility. These policies, including any resulting changes in economic conditions or in investor sentiment, can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial services companies such as PNC. 

An important function of the Federal Reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. Rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. We cannot control and may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial outlook or results. In addition, actions by governmental authorities in other countries, including with respect to monetary policy, could impact financial markets and global interest rates, which could affect rates in the U.S. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, any of which could have potential effects on us as described above. Some of the potential impacts on our business and results of governmental monetary policy are described in Risk Factors under the heading “Risks Related to the Business of Banking.”

As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is a BHC and an FHC, with the Federal Reserve as its primary regulator. PNC Bank is a federally chartered bank, with the OCC as its primary regulator. In addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. We are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil 

12
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

enforcement authorities. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, the stability of the U.S. banking and financial system (including protection of the DIF)), the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer protection that are not primarily intended to protect PNC security holders. We are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the U.S.

Applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. We also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, and restrict transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities. Over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. As we expand our product and service offerings into additional markets, domestic or foreign, either through organic growth or acquisition, we have faced and will continue to face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. Different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions, including potentially conflicting federal and state regulations or state level regulations where we operate, could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance. Legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business. In particular, the financial services industry continues to face heightened scrutiny, including with respect to BSA/AML, know-your-customer and export and sanctions compliance requirements, consumer compliance and protection matters, and capital, liquidity and resolution planning. Although the presidential administration has indicated an intent to pursue the regulation of the financial services industry differently than was the case under the previous administration, there is uncertainty regarding the direction this administration will continue to take and its ability to implement its policies and objectives, as well as the ultimate impact on potential new regulatory initiatives and the enforcement of existing laws and regulations. It is possible the expected changes in regulation do not occur or are reversed by a subsequent administration, or the regulatory measures that are ultimately enacted deliver significant competitive advantages to financial services that are structured differently or serve different markets than PNC. 

Federal banking regulators possess substantial supervisory and enforcement powers and have assumed an active oversight, examination and enforcement role across the financial services industry. The results of supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith, or otherwise require us to modify our businesses practices in a manner that materially impacts our financial condition or results of operations. These activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive, difficult to implement or materially impact our business or financial condition. In addition, another financial institution’s violation of law or regulation may give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities of PNC. Further, the Federal Reserve requires a BHC to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. The Federal Reserve could require PNC to commit resources to PNC Bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of PNC or its shareholders or creditors.

We also rely on third parties who may expose us to compliance risk. A failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit PNC’s ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities. See the immediately following Risk Factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation and the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report and Note 19 Regulatory Matters for more information concerning the regulation of PNC.

We are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.

PNC and PNC Bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively. Requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. For example, PNC’s ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to PNC’s compliance with its SCB, which is determined through the Federal Reserve’s CCAR process. The Federal Reserve can also impose additional limitations on capital distributions, such as limitations on distributions during times of economic stress. In addition, dividends or other capital distributions from PNC Bank and, to a lesser extent, non-bank subsidiaries are PNC’s principal source of funds to, among other things, pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock. Many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prohibit or limit dividends to PNC. Limitations on PNC’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including PNC Bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock, especially to the extent that PNC must first service any outstanding debt obligations. Capital and liquidity requirements may also impact the amount and type of loans we make. We may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. We may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets’ underlying risks. In addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

13

Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to review and revision by the Basel Committee and the U.S. banking agencies. Although the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule in July 2023 to implement the final components of the Basel III framework, the status of this rule, and potential revisions to the rule, remain uncertain. More information is discussed in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report and the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report.

Our ability to operate our business could be impaired if our liquidity is unexpectedly constrained. 

Our liquidity could be impaired as a result of unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral, unexpected loss of consumer deposits or higher than anticipated draws on lending-related commitments, an inability to sell assets (or to sell assets at favorable times or prices), a default by a counterparty, our inability to access other sources of liquidity, including from sources that have historically been available or through the capital markets due to unforeseen market dislocations or interruptions, or a lack of market or customer confidence in PNC or financial institutions in general. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events for which we have little or no control. In addition, if access to stable and lower-cost sources of funding is reduced, alternative sources of funding could be more expensive and limited in availability. The increased speed with which information is disseminated, through traditional or social media, could increase the speed or severity of liquidity pressures caused by, for example, negative news about PNC’s or other financial institutions’ actual or alleged financial prospects or safety and soundness. A negative impact on our liquidity would likely limit our ability to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities as well as meet regulatory expectations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For information on our liquidity management, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report.

A downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets.

Our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of PNC and PNC Bank, and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds, increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with us. For example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages and hold related escrows and reserves. Downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments under derivative contracts with certain counterparties. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings and outlooks. For information on our credit ratings and outlooks, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report.

Privacy and personal data rights initiatives have imposed and will continue to impose additional operational burdens on PNC, and they may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future gathering, maintenance, use, transmission and other processing of personal information.

Legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy and enhance the portability of personal data have evolved over time. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law may include our customers, prospective customers, job applicants, employees and third parties. These initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process personal data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data, including requiring companies like PNC to make available to consumers and authorized third parties certain data relating to transactions and accounts and establishing obligations for accessing such data. Financial services companies such as PNC necessarily gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process a significant amount of personal data. These types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, may result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and may limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. This is particularly true as we expand our business and operations into new markets. Also, we are, or may become, subject to evolving and developing data privacy and security laws and regulations in other jurisdictions, including foreign jurisdictions even where our presence in such jurisdictions is minimal. Such legal and regulatory requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of actual or perceived misuses of personal data by us, our vendors or others who gain unauthorized access to our personal data. Other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. The impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions.

Climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.

There continues to be concern, including on the part of certain stakeholders and in certain jurisdictions where we do business or have operations, regarding climate-related risks and impacts (including physical risk and transition risk). These concerns have led and may continue to lead to efforts to mitigate those impacts. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, the reduced availability of insurance or sufficient insurance to cover losses, operations disruptions and changes and other impacts because of climate change (including because of the increased frequency or severity of acute weather events and long-term shifts in the climate) and related governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities and their transition plans, as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. Consumers and businesses may also change their behaviors because of these concerns which creates transition risk for PNC arising from adjusting to these concerns. PNC and its customers will need to respond to any new laws and regulations as well as any changes in consumer and business preferences related to climate change. Among the impacts to PNC could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors if our products or services do 

14
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

not support the environmental goals of our customers, or increased losses due to the impact of climate change on the collateral that secures customer borrowings. Our risk management needs to continue to evolve, or it may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable.

Additionally, the federal government has altered and may continue to alter climate policies or requirements in a way that conflicts with certain state-level policies or investor expectations. Such changes may present risk to PNC due to inconsistent expectations, requirements or costs. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business and our customers’ businesses. 

We have been and may continue to be subject to conflicting pressure from stakeholders and activists regarding how or when we take climate-related risks and impacts into account in our business practices or risk management. Further, there is ongoing scrutiny of climate-related policies, goals, including our use of and ability to achieve them, and disclosures, as well as conflicting pressure regarding the way in which climate may or should be considered by the financial sector, which could result in additional costs, reputational harm as a result of public sentiment, litigation and regulatory scrutiny (including from U.S. federal and state governments, policymakers and regulators), litigation and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence. The Risk Factor headed “We are at risk of an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation” further discusses risks associated with our management of these matters.

Risks Related to the Use of Technology

The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses.

As a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. As a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers. Over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulatory requirements regarding effective and safe systems. As a result of these factors, the financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, data privacy and security enhancements and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers, including innovative ways that customers can manage their accounts.

In response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we continue to invest in technology. We seek to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. This effort has involved and is likely to continue to involve the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources, which could be constrained to the extent that sustained adverse economic conditions and other factors described elsewhere in these Risk Factors negatively impact our business or financial performance. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations, because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees.

Our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property.

In some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. In others, we or our vendors license the use of intellectual property from others. Where we rely on access to third-party intellectual property, whether now or in the future, it may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to comply with any applicable obligations under our license agreements, or another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. Our third-party licensors may also have the right to terminate the license, which may cause us to lose valuable rights, and could disrupt our operations. It also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least some period of time. In such circumstances, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or it might be expensive to obtain. We could also suffer significant reputational damage in these circumstances. Protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover any losses in full, and the measures we take to obtain, enforce and defend our intellectual property rights may not be successful in every jurisdiction or prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights. Over time, there have been and continue to be instances where technology used by PNC has been alleged to have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated intellectual property rights held by others, and, in some cases, we have suffered related losses. In certain situations, we may be compelled to engage in intellectual property-related litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, which may incur significant expenses and may be perceived negatively by customers or industry peers.

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

15

We could suffer a material adverse impact from failures and interruptions in the effective operation of our technology.

The need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information and communications systems and other technology has become more important and challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. Our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business. Effective management of our expanded digital products and services, geographic footprint and dispersed workforce heightens our need for secure, reliable and adequate information and communication systems and other technology. The risks of failures and interruptions result from a variety of factors. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures and interruptions of our technology to operate as needed or intended. Failures and interruptions leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design or performance issues. In addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to design flaws, software bugs, errors, hardware failures, outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism, civil unrest, military conflict and the like. Such events could affect our technology directly or limit our use due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. Although we regularly update and replace technology that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older technology that may not be as reliable as newer ones. In addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated technology creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for us or for customers, including the ability to perform functions critical to our business and operations, and longer-term failures to achieve desired improvements. Our ability to maintain, timely update and replace technology can become more challenging as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of information on technology increases. In some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed “We are vulnerable to the risk of cyber attacks and breaches affecting the functioning of technology or the confidentiality of information that could adversely affect our customers and our business.”

We rely on technology maintained by other companies. We use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist us in providing products and services to our customers. Others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. These companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. In some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. Technology maintained by or for these other companies is generally subject to many of the same risks we face with respect to our technology and thus their issues could have a negative impact on PNC. We have less ability to provide oversight over other companies’ technology. Any delays in receiving timely information from impacted companies upon whom we rely can affect our ability to detect, mitigate and remediate any failures or interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident. We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident. We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions attributed to such other companies upon whom we rely as they relate to the information we share with them. We also face a risk that such other companies may be unable or unwilling to continue to provide products or services to meet our current or future needs, including in an efficient, cost-effective or favorable manner. Any transition to alternative products or services may be difficult to implement, may cause us to incur significant time and expense and may disrupt or degrade our ability to deliver our products and services.

The occurrence of any failure or interruption of any of our information or communications systems or other system, or those of other companies on which we rely, including those where there is not a reasonably available alternative, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. This risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. The consequences include our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems, errors in transactions or impaired system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties, damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business (which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis) and litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny relating to such events (which in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers). In order to address ongoing and future risks, we may need to expend significant resources to support protective security measures and investigate, mitigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our technology. Even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, failures or interruptions at financial institutions, whether at PNC or others, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us, and broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such technology. In that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention, mitigation and remediation of these risks.

We are vulnerable to the risk of cyber attacks and breaches affecting the functioning of technology or the confidentiality of information that could adversely affect our customers and our business.

Most corporate and commercial financial transactions are now handled electronically, and our customers increasingly use online access as well as mobile and cloud technologies to access our products and services. The ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the gathering, maintenance, use, transmission and other processing of vast amounts of digital information in electronic form. As a result, in the ordinary course of business, we gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process vast amounts of digital information about us, our customers and our employees. This information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive and personal. Such confidential, proprietary, sensitive and personal information includes information sufficient 

16
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

to support identity theft and includes personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. As a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks and breaches, including by way of computer viruses, hacking, ransomware and other malware, denial of service attacks, credential staffing, phishing, social engineering, account takeovers, insider threats and supply chain attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation.

We are faced with ongoing, nearly continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. The effectiveness of these efforts may be enhanced using AI. These efforts may be to obtain access to confidential information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers, or to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing access to information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by us. Some of these involve efforts to enter our technology directly by going through or around our security protections. Others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. The modernization of the payment systems, including near real-time movement solutions, increases the complexity of preventing and detecting these attacks and recovering fraudulent transactions. Our risk and exposure to cyber attacks and breaches is heightened because of our expanded digital products and services, geographic footprint and dispersed workforce, which results in more access points to our network. The same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial applications, on behalf of our customers. These risks also arise when third parties with whom we do business, or their vendors or other entities with whom they do business, are themselves subject to cyber attacks and breaches, which has impacted our business and may do so in the future. Our ability to protect confidential information is even more limited with respect to such information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by these parties. For example, we are likely to be limited in our ability to identify and quickly resolve cyber attacks and breaches that may impact our business the further removed an entity is from our business, such as when a cyber attack or other data security breach occurs at vendors of our vendors. We may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by other parties, even if we were not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it.

Our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their customer information (including passwords and other confidential information) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from that third party, including those offering financial applications. Although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers’ transactions with us and their customer information, to the extent they utilize their own devices or provide third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited. These risks are heightened as we and others continue to expand mobile applications, cloud solutions and other internet-based financial product offerings. For example, a number of our customers use financial applications to help manage their finances and investments, including through the aggregation of banking or other financial information that may require our customer to provide their secure banking credentials or account-identifying information to the financial application to aggregate this financial data. In some instances, third-party data aggregators are used by the financial application to access customers’ accounts and obtain the customers’ data and may be obtaining secure banking credentials or account-identifying information from our customers which has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. This has resulted in incidences of fraud, including automated clearing house fraud, credit card fraud and wire fraud, enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. In addition, transactions by customers on financial applications that facilitate payments and fund transfers have also been fraudulently induced. These transactions occur when a customer authorizes payment to a recipient that fraudulently induced the customer into transferring a payment to such recipient. PNC has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to activity associated with the increased use of these applications and data aggregators. Even where PNC does not have financial exposure for losses, PNC and the third parties with whom we do business could suffer increased reputational harm or regulatory scrutiny when such losses occur.

As our customers regularly use PNC-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of cyber attacks and other data security breaches at those other businesses covering PNC account information. When our customers use PNC-issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to such businesses. If a business’s systems that gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process card account information are subject to a cyber attack or other data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. We can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers’ card accounts, as well as for other costs related to cyber attacks and breaches, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. In addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as Visa and Mastercard. Under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a cyber attack or other data security breach. Moreover, to the extent more confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of cyber attacks breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts.

Other cyber attacks and data security breaches are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information, and this information may be used to support a ransomware attack. Ransomware attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. In a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted, stolen or extorted, or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data or to prevent 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

17

public disclosure of confidential information. Cyber attacks and data security breaches have also been conducted through business email compromise scams that involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. These types of phishing attacks have increased over time, and they have evolved to include other types of attacks like vishing (through voice messages) and smishing (through SMS text). Other cyber attacks and data security breaches have included distributed denial of service attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. Similarly, cyber attacks and breaches have been conducted through application program interfaces where bad actors seek to exploit the interfaces between mobile or web applications. We (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such cyber attacks and breaches. Recent cyber attacks and breaches have also included the insertion of malware into software updates and the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a “supply chain attack.” Cyber attacks and breaches affecting our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers’ ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered. The techniques used in cyber attacks and breaches change rapidly and are increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of generative AI and deepfakes, and we expect in the future through the use of quantum computing, and we may not be able to anticipate cyber attacks or other data security breaches. Additionally, cyber attacks and breaches in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. We have seen a higher volume and complexity of attacks during times of increased geopolitical tensions.

In addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. Insiders, including those having legitimate access to our information, communications systems and other technology and the information contained therein, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of their access. Addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done. As more work is conducted outside of PNC’s facilities, the risk of improper access to PNC’s network or confidential information has increased, including for reasons such as a failure by an employee or contractor to secure a device with PNC access.

Cyber attacks and breaches often are not recognized until launched against a target and may go undetected for a period of time (or remain undetected), with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. As a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures to address these methods in advance of such cyber attacks and breaches. We have been and expect to continue to be the target of some of these types of cyber attacks and breaches. To date, none of these types of cyber attacks or other data security breaches has had a material impact on us. Nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us, and there can be no assurance that future cyber attacks or other data security breaches will not be material. Attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks and breaches.

We need effective programs to limit the risk of failures, interruptions and security breaches occurring in our technology and to mitigate and remediate the impact when they do.

We have policies, procedures, systems and programs (including cybersecurity and business continuity programs) designed to prevent, mitigate and remediate the effect of failures, interruptions and security breaches in our technology. We continue to devote appropriate resources toward improving the reliability of our policies, procedures, systems and programs and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to allow us to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. We cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures, systems and programs to protect us in any future situation, nor can we guarantee the effectiveness of our oversight of risk arising from third parties upon whom we rely. Although we have policies, procedures, systems and programs designed to mitigate third-party risk, our ability to implement policies, procedures, systems and programs designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or security breaches impacting third-party technology, including the financial services industry infrastructure generally, is necessarily limited. Should such an adverse event occur, we may not have financial protection from the other third-party sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences. While we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or any losses at all, and there can be no guarantee that our insurer will not deny coverage to any particular claim in the future or that such insurance will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any failures, interruptions or security breaches or the perceptions thereof, whether or not this perception is correct. 

We may be unable to implement adequate preventive or mitigating measures to address failures, interruptions and security breaches in advance. Even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, such adverse events are likely to occur, and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to PNC. Our ability to mitigate and remediate the adverse consequences of such events is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to identify and understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk, and our ability to identify and quickly resolve vulnerabilities in our technology and those of third parties upon which we rely. Cyber attacks and breaches often are not recognized until launched against a target and may go undetected for a period of time, 

18
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. In many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal. Additionally, our failure to communicate failures, interruptions and security breaches appropriately to relevant parties could result in regulatory, legal, operational and reputational risk. See Item 1C Cybersecurity of this Report for more information on our cybersecurity risk management program.

Risks Related to the Business of Banking

Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties.

Credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. It results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. Credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans and securities and the importance of lending activity to our overall business. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, by obtaining and monitoring collateral for certain exposures and by investing primarily in high quality securities.

A borrower’s ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by many factors. Individual borrowers can be affected, for example, by declines in income, job losses, health issues or family issues. Commercial borrowers can be affected, for example, by poor business performance, changes in customer behavior or catastrophic losses. Weakness in the economy or in financial markets typically adversely impacts the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. We are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly at origination the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. Properly estimating the current and potential value of any collateral pledged to support the loan also is critical to effectively managing credit risk. A failure to identify declining creditworthiness of a borrower or declining collateral value at a time when remedial actions could reduce our exposure increases credit risk. Any decrease in our borrowers’ ability to repay loans likely would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. Managing credit risk effectively also relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect. We also have credit risk arising from many other types of business relationships. Routine transactions give us credit exposure to brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, other institutional clients, as well as vendors and other non-financial entities.

Our credit risk may be exacerbated when the value of collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized, including because of legal or regulatory changes, or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivatives exposure due to us. In addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons.

We reserve for credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through our ACL estimated under CECL. Under CECL, the ACL reflects expected lifetime losses, which has led and could continue to lead to volatility in the allowance and the provision for credit losses as economic forecasts, actual credit performance and other factors used in the loss estimating process change. We also have reserves for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. Changes to expected losses are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. A worsening of economic conditions or our economic outlook or an increase in credit risk, particularly following a period of good economic conditions, would likely lead to an increase in provision for credit losses with a resulting reduction in our net income and an increase to our allowance. Conversely, an improvement of economic conditions or our economic outlook, particularly following a period of poor economic conditions, could result in a recapture of provision for credit losses for a period of time with a resulting increase in our net income and decrease in our allowance. Either set of conditions is not likely to be sustained and may obscure actual current operations and financial performance. The section headed “Risks Related to Estimates and Assumptions” further discusses risks associated with estimating expected losses under CECL.

The concentration and mix of our assets could increase the potential for significant credit losses.

In the ordinary course of business, we often have heightened credit exposure to a particular industry, geography, asset class or financial market. As an example, loans secured by real estate typically represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. It also represents a portion of the assets underlying our investment securities. While there are limitations on the extent of total exposure to an individual consumer or business borrower, events adversely affecting some of our clients or counterparties, based on individual factors or the nature or location of their business, or asset classes or financial markets in which we are involved, could materially and adversely affect us. Declining economic conditions also may impact commercial borrowers more than consumer borrowers, or vice versa. In addition, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Financial services institutions are interconnected because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. As a result, uncertainty about the stability of other financial services institutions could lead to market-wide losses and defaults. Thus, the concentration and mix of our assets may affect the severity of the impact of recessions or other economic downturns on us.

Our business and financial performance are impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates.

As a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates can have a material effect on our business, our profitability and the value of our financial assets and liabilities. For example:

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

19

•
Changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets such as loans and investment securities and the interest that we pay on liabilities such as deposits and borrowings, which impacts our overall net interest income and margin as well as our profitability.

•
Such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments and can, in turn, increase our credit losses on those assets.

•
Such changes can decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts.

•
Such changes affect our hedging of various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the effectiveness of those hedges in helping to manage such risks.

•
Movements in interest rates also affect loan prepayment speeds and could result in impairments of mortgage servicing assets or otherwise affect the profitability of such assets.

•
Increases in interest rates likely lower the price we would receive on fixed-rate customer obligations if we were to sell them.

The rates on some interest-bearing instruments adjust promptly in accordance with changes in market rates, while others adjust only periodically or are fixed throughout a defined term. As a result, the impact of changes in interest rates can be either increased or diluted due to differences in the relative variability of the rates paid on our liabilities in relation to the rates received on our assets. The extent to which we have elected to hedge interest rate risk through interest rate swaps also affects the impact of rate changes. We attempt to manage the balance sheet to increase our benefit or reduce negative impacts from future movements in interest rates, but failures to anticipate actual movements may have the opposite result. In addition, we do not generally hedge all of our risk and our attempt to hedge risk does not mean we will be successful.

While higher interest rates generally enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are risks associated with a rising interest rate environment. As a general matter, increasing rates tend to decrease the value of fixed-rate financial instruments held on our balance sheet, as discussed in the Risk Factor headed “Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets.” Also, customers have and may continue to be less willing or able to borrow at higher rates. Higher interest rates also have hindered and may continue to hinder the ability of borrowers to support interest payments on variable rate loans. Higher interest rates have and may continue to indirectly affect the value of asset classes such as real estate typically financed through secured loans, with a resulting negative effect on collateral securing such loans. The benefits of higher interest rates are best achieved if we can increase the rates on loans and other assets faster than the rates on deposits and other liabilities increase. We may not be able to achieve this result in a rising rate environment, especially if central banks introduce rate increases more quickly than anticipated. On the other hand, lower interest rates tend to have a negative impact on our net interest margin, and, unless offset by higher earning assets, on our net interest income. We discuss the impact of governmental monetary policy on interest rates in the Risk Factor headed “The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance.”

Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets.

As a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. Examples include loans, securities, servicing rights, deposits and borrowings. Such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value, often significantly, due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility as well as developments specific to the asset or liability in question. The underlying value of assets under lease or securing an obligation generally decreases due to increases in supply or decreases in demand for the asset or deterioration in the condition of the asset. This could negatively impact the ability to collect fully on the secured obligation. Credit-based assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to changes in the perceived creditworthiness of borrowers or other counterparties and due to changes in market interest rates.

In many cases, we mark our assets and liabilities to market and recognize such changes either through net income or OCI. Thus, gains or losses on these assets and liabilities can have a direct impact on our results of operations and financial performance, unless we have effectively hedged our exposures. We may need to record losses in the value of financial assets even where our expectation of realizing the face value of the underlying instrument has not changed. Our remaining assets and liabilities are not marked to market. As a result, our balance sheet does not precisely represent the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities. In addition, asset management revenue is earned primarily based on a percentage of the value of the assets being managed and thus is impacted by general changes in market valuations. Thus, although we are not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related noninterest income.

Risks Related to Estimates and Assumptions

Our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments taken on our assets are highly subjective. Our estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.

Our accounting policies are key to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these policies and methods to comply with GAAP and reflect management’s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report PNC’s financial condition and results of operations. Management’s selection of a particular accounting policy to apply, while reasonable and appropriate, could result in PNC reporting different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, SEC and other regulatory agencies may issue new or amend existing accounting and reporting standards or change existing interpretations of those standards that could 

20
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

materially affect our financial statements. In some cases, PNC may be required to retrospectively apply a new or amended standard resulting in changes to previously reported financial results.

Certain accounting policies require that we use estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to legal proceedings and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. These policies require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. For example, CECL requires us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about future economic and market conditions in determining the ACL.

Some of our financial instruments, including certain derivatives, debt securities, loans, MSRs and private equity investments, among other items, require a determination of their fair value for our financial statements. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. Changes in underlying factors or assumptions in any of the areas underlying our estimates could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. During periods of market disruption, it would be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were historically traded in active markets with significant observable data that rapidly become illiquid due to market volatility, a loss in market confidence or other factors. In addition, we have assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The valuation of any asset or liability substantially based on unobservable inputs is necessarily less reliable than those based on active trading markets. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements. Our ability to hedge exposure is in part dependent on our ability to value the related assets or liabilities.

The determination of the amount of loss allowances and asset impairments varies by asset type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. Although we have policies and procedures in place to determine loss allowances and asset impairments, due to the subjective nature of this area, the level of impairments taken, and allowances reflected in our financial statements may not accurately reflect the actual level of risk and the amount of future losses.

There are risks resulting from the extensive use of models, some of which use AI, in our business.

We use financial and statistical models throughout many areas of our business, relying on them to inform decision making, automate processes, and estimate many financial values. Although it currently impacts a minority of the overall number of models that we use, we increasingly use models related to how we do business with customers and for internal process automation that leverage AI/machine learning algorithms. These models can be more predictive, but because of the complex way in which the many variables in AI/machine learning models interact, the results of these models are often less interpretable than traditional statistical models. Examples of model use include determining the pricing of various products, identifying potentially fraudulent or suspicious transactions, marketing to potential customers, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, and assessing capital adequacy. We depend significantly on models for credit loss accounting under CECL, capital stress testing and estimating the value of items in our financial statements.

Models generally predict or infer certain financial outcomes, leveraging historical data and assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macroeconomic conditions. Development and implementation of some of these models, such as the models for credit loss accounting under CECL, require us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Other models are used to support decisions made regarding how we do business with customers. Poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. For example, our models may not be effective if historical data does not accurately represent future events or environments or if our models rely on erroneous, incomplete, biased, or otherwise flawed data, formulas, algorithms or assumptions and our internal model review processes fail to detect and address these flaws. Models, if flawed, could cause information we provide to the public or to our regulators to be inaccurate, incomplete or misleading. Some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, would likely be affected adversely if they perceive that the quality of the relevant models we use is insufficient. Finally, flaws in our models that negatively impact our customers or our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively affect our reputation or result in fines and penalties from our regulators. Moreover, our use of AI/machine learning algorithms is subject to a variety of existing laws and regulations, including intellectual property, privacy (including with respect to automated decision making), consumer protection and federal equal opportunity laws and regulations, and additional new laws and regulations, and new applications or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, related to AI/machine learning algorithms may impact our ability to develop, use and commercialize AI/machine learning algorithms.

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

21

Risks Related to Our Need for Customers

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services.

Our performance is subject to risks associated with declines in customer demand for our products and services. As a result of the nature of those products and services, we are particularly at risk of losses of economic confidence or customer trust in us or, more broadly, in financial services institutions like us. Economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. If customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. If we fail to attract and retain customers, demand for our loans and other financial products and services could decrease, and we could experience adverse changes in payment patterns. We could lose interest income from a decline in credit usage and noninterest income from a decline in product sales, investments and other transactions. Demand for our products and services could also suffer as many of the risks to PNC related to the economy and other external factors, including regulation, such as changes to tax laws and tax rates, could negatively impact consumers and businesses and their interest in or ability to use our products and services.

Our ability to attract and retain customer deposits is impacted by the levels of interest rates, as customers balance the benefits of bank accounts with deposit insurance and some of the convenience associated with more traditional banking products against the possibility of higher yields from other investments. In general, if the spread between the rates we offer and those offered by alternatives to bank accounts widens, customers are often willing to forego the benefits of bank accounts (such as FDIC insurance) for higher returns elsewhere. Our customers have removed and could continue to remove money from deposit accounts with us in favor of other banks or other types of products, such as emerging financial technologies, including digital wallets, non-fungible tokens and digital currencies and cryptocurrencies (including stablecoins). In such circumstances, we need to increase rates to levels that are seen as competitive or lose customers, in either case with a negative impact to net interest income. In addition, deposits are a low-cost source of funds for us. Therefore, losing deposits could increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income. Loss of customers could also harm noninterest income by decreasing fee-bearing transaction volume. In addition, when rates are higher, customers tend to shift deposits from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing ones, thereby negatively impacting net interest income.

Our customers increasingly use third-party financial applications that are expected to interface with their PNC accounts. This use leads to the risk that issues with respect to the effective functioning of that interface, regardless of cause, could result in a loss of customers as they seek banking relationships that work better with these other applications.

News or other publicity that harms our reputation, or harms the reputation of our industry generally, could cause a loss of customers or a reduction in the extent to which customers do business with us. This is described further in the Risk Factor headed “We are at risk of an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.”

In our asset management business, investment performance is an important factor influencing the level of assets that we manage. Poor investment advice or performance could hurt revenue and growth as existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products. Additionally, the ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. Overall economic conditions may limit the amount that customers are able or willing to invest as well as the value of the assets they do invest. The failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products offered by us without regard to the performance of our products. Such a negative contagion could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have an adverse impact on our assets under management and asset management earnings.

We are at risk of an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.

Our ability to compete effectively, to attract and retain customers and employees, and to grow our business is dependent on maintaining our reputation and having the trust of our customers, employees, the communities that we serve and other stakeholders. Many types of developments, if publicized, can negatively impact a company’s reputation with adverse consequences to its business.

Financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. There also may be reputational damage from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed customers without involving misconduct, including service disruptions or negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect client data. For example, we may suffer reputational harm to the extent that we are unable to successfully detect, prevent and remedy fraud that harms our clients. Our reputation may also be harmed by failing to deliver products and services of the quality expected by our customers and support the communities that we serve. Significant acquisitions by large banks also often attract public scrutiny, which may result in negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation if we engage in such transactions. We are also subject to the risk of reputational harm resulting from conduct of persons identified as our employees but acting outside of the scope of their employment, including through their misconduct, unethical behavior, or activities on personal social media. The reputational impact is likely greater to the extent that the bad conduct, errors or failures are pervasive, long-standing or affect a significant number of customers, particularly retail consumers. The negative impact of such reputational damage on our business may be disproportionate to the actual harm caused to customers. It may be severe even if we fully remediate any harm suffered by our customers. Furthermore, because we conduct most of our businesses under the “PNC” brand, negative public opinion about one business could also affect our other businesses. In addition, we could suffer reputational harm and a loss of customer trust as a result of the conduct of others in our industry even if we have not engaged in such conduct. We use third parties to help in many aspects of 

22
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

our business, with the risk that their conduct can affect our reputation regardless of the degree to which we are responsible for it. The speed with which information spreads through social media and other news sources on the internet means that negative information about PNC can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on our reputation. This applies regardless of whether or not the information is accurate. False information can also be spread from unaffiliated or parody social media accounts pretending to be official company communications channels. Once information has gone viral, it can be difficult to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. The potential impact of negative information going viral means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident.

To an increasing extent, financial services companies, including PNC, are facing criticism with accompanying reputational risk from activists, investors and stakeholders who believe companies should be focusing more or less on environmental, social and governance matters. Companies in our industry are targeted for engaging in business with specific customers or with customers in particular industries, where the customers’ activities, even if legal, are perceived as having harmful impacts on matters such as the environment, consumer health and safety, or society at large. At the same time, financial services firms are also facing criticism and reputational harm if they are perceived as declining to provide, ceasing to provide, or otherwise restricting, banking and other services to businesses engaged in lawful activities or individuals due to their political or social viewpoints. These matters can incur legal and regulatory risk, which is discussed further in the Risk Factor headed “We are at risk for the impact of adverse results in legal proceedings.” In addition, some stakeholders are seeking increased transparency and action from financial services companies with respect to environmental, social and governance activities, political activities and activities that are or may be perceived to be politically partisan in nature. Criticism has come in many forms, including protests at PNC facilities and social media campaigns. In some circumstances, our stakeholders have held and continue to hold conflicting views on the role PNC and other financial services companies should play in continuing to or refraining from financing certain sectors. In some cases, we are subject to potentially conflicting proposed and enacted state and local laws affecting our industry that regulate the manner in which or whether we may finance or service certain clients, industries or sectors. The potential for conflict may increase in instances where federal law is silent or is found not to preempt state law. Many of these issues are divisive without broad agreement as to the appropriate steps a company such as PNC should take. As a result, however we respond to such criticism, we expose ourselves to the risks that current or potential customers decline to do business with us (or encourage others to do so) or current or potential employees refuse to work for us. This can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address these concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to these pressures. These pressures can also be a factor in decisions as to which business opportunities and customers we pursue, potentially resulting in foregone profit opportunities.

We operate in a highly competitive environment in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business.

We are subject to intense competition both from other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including financial technology companies (often referred to as “fintech”). In many cases, non-bank entities can engage in many activities similar to ours or offer products and services desirable to our customers without being subject to the same types of regulation, supervision and restrictions that are applicable to banks, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Developments in the regulatory landscape relating to emerging financial technologies, including with respect to payment services and systems, lending, digital wallets, non-fungible tokens and digital currencies and cryptocurrencies (including stablecoins), may affect our customers’ needs and expectations for products and services. New technologies have required and could require us to spend more to modify or adapt our products and services to attract and retain customers or to match products and services offered by competitors, including fintech companies. The failure of PNC to develop and market products and services that meet evolving customer needs or demands, or deliver them effectively and securely to our customers, or a decision not to offer a particular product or service because we deem it to be speculative or risky, could affect PNC’s ability to attract or retain customers. Any such impact could, in turn, reduce PNC’s revenues. The competition we face is described in Item 1 of this Report under “Competition.”

Consolidation in our industry, including among smaller banks combining to form more competitive larger ones and between banks and non-bank entities, could result in PNC facing more intense competition, particularly in impacted regions or with respect to particular products. As we expand into new markets, we may face competitors with more experience and established relationships in these markets, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. A failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. On the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. In addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, competitive pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin, negatively impacting our net interest income.

We depend on skilled labor, and employee attrition, competition for talented employees and labor shortages may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Our performance and competitive position depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain high-performing employees. We face significant competition for these employees across many of our businesses and support areas. This presents greater risk as we expand into new markets, develop new product lines, or enhance staffing in certain areas, particularly technology. Competition for qualified personnel leads to increased expenses in affected business areas. Differences in demands, expectations and priorities of the workforce may require us to modify our recruiting and retention strategies to attract and retain employees. Limitations on the way regulated 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

23

financial institutions can compensate their officers and employees may make it more difficult for regulated financial institutions, including PNC, to compete with other companies for talent.

Risks Related to Other Operational Issues

We depend on the effectiveness and integrity of employees, and the systems and controls for which they are responsible, to manage operational risks.

We are a large company that offers a wide variety of products and services to a broad and diverse group of customers. We rely on our employees to design, manage and operate our systems and controls to ensure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. In some cases, we rely on employees of third parties to perform these tasks. We also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to ensure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. These concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, acquire or invest in a business or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. These concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover and labor shortages.

As a large financial services firm, we are faced with ongoing attempts by individuals or organizations to defraud us or our customers for financial gain. We depend on systems, processes and personnel, either at PNC or from third parties, to identify and prevent potentially fraudulent transactions, but those systems may not be adequate and fraudulent actors regularly change tactics to improve their chance of success. Even if PNC is not financially responsible for reimbursing a customer for its fraud losses, such losses may damage PNC’s reputation or ability to attract and retain customers. 

As a result of our necessary reliance on employees, whether ours or those of third parties, to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. These range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. Our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. We may also fail to adequately maintain a culture of risk management among our employees. Errors by our employees or others responsible for systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of those systems and controls to prevent unethical, fraudulent, improper or illegal conduct could result in significant harm to PNC. This harm could include customer remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties, litigation or enforcement actions or limitations on our business activities. We could also suffer damage to our reputation, as described under “We are at risk of an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.”

We use automation, machine learning, AI and robotic process automation tools to help reduce some risks of human error. Nonetheless, we continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. In addition, use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to make sure they operate as intended. Enhanced use of automation may present its own risks. Automated systems may themselves experience outages or problems. Some tools are dependent on the quality of the data used by the tool to learn and enhance the process for which it is responsible. Bad, missing or anomalous data can adversely affect the functioning of such tools. It is possible that humans in some cases are better able than highly automated tools to identify that anomalous data is being used or that results are themselves anomalous.

We rely on third-party vendors, service providers and other counterparties to help support many aspects of our business. When we do so, our direct control of activities related to our business is reduced, which introduces risk.

Our use of third parties to support our business needs typically means that we do not directly control the activities we are having them perform. Any disruption in services provided by these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Replacing third parties could also entail significant delay and expense. Risks can arise through inadequate performance by a third party (including by its downstream service providers), specifically where that performance could affect us or our customers, and even when the result of factors or events are beyond such third party’s control. Many of the kinds of risks presented by activities performed by third parties are described elsewhere in these Risk Factors. Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of our use of third-party vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. We are also vulnerable, including to regulatory penalties, if an outside company fails to comply with legal requirements relevant to its work on our behalf. We may in any such circumstance suffer financial losses, legal consequences and injury to our reputation. Even if the other company makes us whole for financial losses, which is not necessarily the case, it is unlikely that it would be able to restore any injury to our reputation. As a result, the use of third parties to assist in our business activities heightens the risks to us inherent in those activities.

Other Key Risks

We are at risk for the impact of adverse results in legal proceedings.

Many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. We have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. In addition, we are regularly the subject of governmental investigations and other forms of regulatory inquiry. We also are at risk when we have agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings they face, such as in connection with the sale of a business or assets by us. The results of these legal proceedings could lead to significant monetary damages or penalties, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business or reputational harm. Although 

24
    The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued often do not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, our ultimate future losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies. We discuss further the unpredictability of legal proceedings and describe certain of our pending legal proceedings in Note 20 Legal Proceedings.

We grow our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses and businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us from time to time. Acquisitions present several risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into PNC after closing.

Acquisitions of other companies or of financial assets and deposits and other liabilities present risks and uncertainties to us in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Many of the same risks arise when we engage in strategic partnerships. Our ability to analyze the risks presented by prospective acquisitions, as well as our ability to prepare in advance of closing for integration, may be limited to the extent that we cannot gather necessary or desirable information with respect to the business we are acquiring. We may also make certain assumptions related to an acquisition that may prove to be inaccurate that limit the anticipated benefits (such as cost savings from synergies or strategic gains from being able to offer enhanced product sets) or make the acquisition more expensive or take longer to complete and integrate than anticipated. Prior to closing an acquisition, prospective acquisition targets are also subject to their own risks that we cannot manage or control. Our ability to complete an acquisition may be dependent on regulatory agencies with responsibilities for reviewing or approving the transaction, which could delay, restrictively condition or result in denial of an acquisition, or otherwise limit the benefits of the acquisition. Changes in regulatory rules or standards or the application of those rules or standards, or future regulatory initiatives designed to promote competition or limit systemic risk and the potential for a financial institution to become “too big to fail,” may also limit our ability to complete an acquisition.

Acquisition targets have their own risks specific to their businesses that could impact the success of an acquisition and its integration into PNC, such as:

•
If a significant aspect of the value of a transaction is intellectual property, the extent to which the intellectual property may be utilized or protected and commercialized by PNC.

•
If the acquisition includes loan portfolios, the extent of actual credit losses and the required allowance for credit losses following completion of the acquisition.

•
If the acquisition involves entering into new businesses or geographic or other markets, potential limitations on our ability to take advantage of these opportunities because of our inexperience with respect to them.

•
The results of litigation and governmental investigations that may be pending at the time of the acquisition or that may be filed or commenced thereafter, because of an acquisition or otherwise, are often hard to predict.

•
Operational or compliance issues at the acquisition target may not be fully identified or remediated until after the acquisition closes, potentially resulting in increased costs or penalties.

•
Models used by an acquisition target, such as for capital planning and credit loss accounting, may be designed or implemented in a manner different than at PNC, and our necessary reliance on these for a period of time, could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations to the extent that our estimates based on these models are inaccurate.

•
Enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures may be different and less mature than those of PNC, and our necessary reliance on these for a period of time, could limit PNC’s ability to identify, monitor, manage and report risks or subject us to heightened regulatory, legal, operational or reputational risk.

After closing, the success of an acquisition is likely partially dependent on our ability to retain and expand upon the acquired company’s customer base. It is also frequently subject to risks related to human capital, including risks related to integrating the corporate culture of the acquired company and, to the extent being retained, the quality of leadership of the acquired company.

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, by international hostilities or by domestic civil unrest.

Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural and other disasters (including severe weather events), health emergencies, dislocations, geopolitical instabilities, terrorist activities, international hostilities or other extraordinary events beyond PNC’s control can be predicted. However, these occurrences could adversely impact us, for example, by causing significant damage to our facilities or preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course. Also, their impact on our borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties could result in indirect adverse effects on us. Other indirect adverse consequences from these occurrences could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any region, or key parts of the infrastructure (such as the power grid) on which we and our customers rely. These types of indirect effects, whether specific to our counterparties or more generally applicable, could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in PNC experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. They could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide.

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. – 
2025 Form 10-K

25

Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. This includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. There can be no assurance that PNC’s resiliency planning will fully mitigate all potential resiliency risks to PNC, its customers, and third parties with which it does business, or that its resiliency planning will be adequate to address the effects of simultaneous occurrences of multiple or extended events. The adverse impact of these occurrences also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that we deal with, many of which we depend on but have limited or no control over.