In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection
with the description of these operations contained elsewhere in this report, set forth below are
risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results. Unless otherwise indicated or the
context otherwise requires, the following risks and uncertainties apply to Pinnacle West and its
subsidiaries, including APS.

REGULATORY RISKS

Our financial condition depends upon APS’ ability to recover costs in a timely manner from
customers through regulated rates and otherwise execute its business strategy.

APS is subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local regulatory
agencies that significantly influence its business, liquidity, results of operations and its
ability to fully recover costs from utility customers in a timely manner. The ACC regulates APS’
retail electric rates and the FERC regulates rates for wholesale power sales and transmission
services. While approved electric rates are intended to permit APS to recover its costs of service
and earn a reasonable rate of return, the profitability of APS is affected by the rates it may
charge. Consequently, our financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon the
satisfactory resolution of any APS retail rate proceedings and ancillary matters which may come
before the ACC and the FERC. In connection with its recent rate case settlement agreement, APS
agreed not to request its next general retail rate increase to be effective prior to July 1, 2012.
The ACC must also approve APS’ issuance of securities and any transfer of APS property used to
provide retail electric service, and must approve or receive prior notification of certain
transactions between us, APS and our respective affiliates. Decisions made by the ACC and the FERC
could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.

APS’ ability to conduct its business operations and avoid fines and penalties depends upon
compliance with federal, state or local statutes and regulations, and obtaining and maintaining
certain regulatory permits, approvals and certificates.

APS must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and
orders of agencies that regulate APS’ business, including the FERC, the NRC, the EPA and state and
local governmental agencies. These agencies regulate many aspects of APS’ utility operations,
including safety and performance, emissions, siting and construction of facilities, customer
service and the rates that APS can charge retail and wholesale customers. Failure to comply can
subject APS to, among other things, fines and penalties. For example, under the Energy Policy Act
of 2005, the FERC can impose penalties (up to one million dollars per day per violation) for
failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards. APS underwent its first mandatory
regularly-scheduled triennial audit for compliance with these standards in early 2010 and expects
to receive its results by mid-2010. In addition, APS is required to have numerous permits,
approvals and certificates from these agencies. APS believes the necessary permits, approvals and
certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that APS’ business is conducted in
accordance with applicable laws in all material respects. However, changes in regulations or the
imposition of new or revised laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations. We are also unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from
pending or future regulatory activities of any of these agencies.

22

Table of Contents

The operation of APS’ nuclear power plant exposes it to substantial regulatory oversight and
potentially significant liabilities and capital expenditures.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of noncompliance,
the NRC has the authority to impose monetary civil penalties or a progressively increased
inspection regime that could ultimately result in the shut down of a unit, or both, depending upon
the NRC’s assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. APS was
subject to this heightened scrutiny until March 2009, when it exited the NRC’s enhanced inspection
regime. The increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and
implementation of plans to achieve compliance with NRC requirements, may adversely affect APS’
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

APS is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, and changes in, or liabilities
under, existing or new laws or regulations may increase APS’ cost of operations or impact its
business plans.

APS is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its
present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid
waste, hazardous waste, and coal combustion products, which consist of bottom ash, fly ash and air
pollution control wastes. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating,
and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on power plant emissions
obligations. These laws and regulations generally require APS to obtain and comply with a wide
variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other approvals. If there is a delay or failure to
obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if APS fails to obtain, maintain or
comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to
additional expenses. In addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and
regulations could result in civil liability or criminal penalties. Both public officials and
private individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations. APS cannot
predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related litigation that may arise.

Environmental Clean Up. APS has been named as a PRP for a Superfund site in Phoenix, Arizona
and it could be named a PRP in the future for other environmental clean up at sites identified by a
regulatory body. APS cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of all future
expenditures related to environmental matters because of the
difficulty of estimating clean up
costs. There is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose
joint and several liability on all potentially responsible parties.

Regional Haze. APS is currently awaiting final rulemaking from the EPA that could impose new
requirements on Four Corners and the Navajo Plant. APS is also awaiting final rulemaking from ADEQ
that could impose new requirements on Cholla. The EPA and ADEQ will require these plants to
install pollution control equipment that constitutes the best available retrofit technology to
lessen the impacts of emissions on visibility surrounding the plants. Depending upon the agencies’
final determinations of what constitutes BART for these plants, the financial impact of installing
the required pollution control equipment could jeopardize the economic viability of the plants or
the ability of individual participants to continue their participation
in these plants.

23

Table of Contents

Coal Ash. Recently Congress directed the EPA to propose new federal regulations governing the
disposal of CCBs, which are generated as a result of burning coal and consist of, among other
things, fly ash and bottom ash. APS currently disposes of CCBs in ash ponds and dry storage
areas at Four Corners and Cholla, and also sells a portion of its fly ash for beneficial reuse as a
constituent in concrete products. If the EPA regulates CCBs as a hazardous solid waste or phases
out APS’ ability to dispose of CCBs through the use of ash ponds, APS could incur significant costs
for CCB disposal and may be unable to continue its sale of fly ash for beneficial reuse.

New Source Review. The EPA has taken the position that many projects electric utilities have
performed are major modifications that trigger NSR requirements under the Clean Air Act. The
utilities generally have taken the position that these projects are routine maintenance and did not
result in emissions increases, and thus are not subject to NSR. APS received and responded to a
request from the EPA regarding projects and operations of Four Corners. If the EPA seeks to impose
NSR requirements at Four Corners or any other APS plant, either through a lawsuit or a Notice of
Violation, significant capital investments could be required to install new pollution control
technologies. The EPA could also seek civil penalties.

Mercury and other Hazardous Air Pollutants. The EPA is required to adopt maximum achievable
control technology emissions standards for mercury and other hazardous air pollutants by November
2011. Depending on the compliance requirements contained in the final rule, APS may need to make
significant capital investments to install additional pollution control equipment to meet these new
standards.

APS cannot be sure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new
regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted or become applicable to it.
Revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating
restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by APS are not fully recoverable from APS’
customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.

APS faces physical and operational risks related to climate change, and potential financial risks
resulting from climate change litigation and legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse
gas emissions.

Concern over climate change, deemed by many to be induced by rising levels of greenhouse gases
in the atmosphere, has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit
CO2, which is a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuel, and other greenhouse
gas emissions. In addition, lawsuits have been filed against companies that emit greenhouse gases,
including a lawsuit filed by the Native Village of Kivalina and the City of Kivalina, Alaska
against us and several other utilities seeking damages related to climate change, which was
dismissed but has been appealed.

Physical and Operational Risks. Projections for the Southwest United States from climate
change models include an increase in the number of extreme hot days in the summer, less
precipitation in the form of snow and the earlier runoff of snowmelt, increased wildfire potential,
and the potential for water shortages. Assuming that the primary physical and operational risks to
APS from climate change are increased potential for drought or water shortage, and a mild to
moderate increase in ambient temperatures, APS believes it is taking the appropriate steps at this
time to respond to these risks. Weather extremes such as drought and high temperature variations
are common occurrences in the Southwest’s desert area, and these are risk factors that APS
considers in the normal course of business in the engineering and construction of its electric
system. Large increases in ambient temperature due to climate change could require evaluation of
certain materials used within its system and represents a greater challenge.

24

Table of Contents

Financial Risks — Potential Legislation and Regulation. In the past several years, the United
States Congress has considered bills that would regulate domestic greenhouse gas emissions. The
House of Representatives approved a bill that would establish a greenhouse gas emission
cap-and-trade system, and the Senate is currently considering proposed legislation. There is
growing consensus that some form of regulation or legislation is likely to occur in the near future
at the federal level with respect to greenhouse gas emissions.

If the United States Congress, or individual states or groups of states in which APS operates,
ultimately pass legislation regulating the emissions of greenhouse gases, any resulting limitations
on generation facility CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions could result in the
creation of substantial additional capital expenditures and operating costs in the form of taxes,
emissions allowances or required equipment upgrades and could have a material adverse impact on all
fossil fuel fired generation facilities (particularly coal-fired facilities, which constitute
approximately 28% of APS’ generation capacity). A cap-and-trade program may also result in
counterparty credit risk and financial liquidity risk since collateral is typically exchanged
between counterparties as a means of mitigating risk in the event of a counterparty default.

At the state level, the California legislature enacted legislation to address greenhouse gas
emissions. This legislation and other state-specific initiatives may affect APS’ business,
including sales into the impacted states or the ability of its out-of-state power plant
participants to continue their participation in certain coal-fired power
plants, including Four Corners following expiration of the current lease term in 2016.

In addition, the EPA recently determined that greenhouse gas emissions endanger public health
and welfare. This determination was made in response to a 2007 United States Supreme Court ruling
that greenhouse gases fit within the Clean Air Act’s broad definition of “air pollutant” and, as a
result, the EPA has the authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions of new motor vehicles under
the Clean Air Act. The recent endangerment finding could result in the EPA issuing new regulatory
requirements under the Clean Air Act, beyond those related to motor vehicle emissions, which could
impact APS’ power plants and result in substantial additional costs. Excessive costs to comply
with future legislation or regulations could force APS and other similarly-situated electric power
generators to retire or suspend operations at certain coal-fired facilities.

If APS cannot meet or maintain the level of renewable energy required under Arizona’s increasing
Renewable Energy Standards or the higher commitment levels established in the settlement agreement,
APS may be subject to penalties or fines for non-compliance.

The Renewable Energy Standard and Tariff (“RES”) requires APS to supply an increasing
percentage of renewable energy each year, so that the amount of retail electricity sales from
eligible renewable resources is at least 2.5% of total retail sales by 2010. This amount increases
annually to 15% by 2025. In its recent retail rate case settlement agreement, APS agreed to exceed
these standards and committed to an interim renewable energy target of 10% by year end 2015. A
portion of this total renewable energy requirement must be met with an increasing percentage of
distributed energy resources (generally, small scale renewable technologies located on customers’