In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in the description of these operations contained elsewhere in this report, set forth below are risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.  Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the following risks and uncertainties apply to Pinnacle West and its subsidiaries, including APS.

REGULATORY RISKS

Our financial condition depends upon APS’s ability to recover costs in a timely manner from customers through regulated rates and otherwise execute its business strategy.

APS is subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence its business, liquidity, results of operations and its ability to fully recover costs from utility customers in a timely manner.  The ACC regulates APS’s retail electric rates and the FERC regulates rates for wholesale power sales and transmission services.  The profitability of APS is affected by the rates it may charge and the timeliness of recovering costs incurred through its rates.  Consequently, our financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon the satisfactory resolution of any APS rate proceedings and ancillary matters which may come before the ACC and the FERC.  Arizona, like certain other states, has a statute that allows the ACC to reopen prior decisions and modify final orders under certain circumstances.  The ACC must also approve APS’s issuance of securities and any transfer of APS property used to provide retail electric service, and must approve or receive prior notification of certain transactions between us, APS and our respective affiliates.  Decisions made by the ACC or the FERC could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

APS’s ability to conduct its business operations and avoid fines and penalties depends upon compliance with federal, state or local statutes, regulations and ACC requirements, and obtaining and maintaining certain regulatory permits, approvals and certificates.

APS must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders of agencies that regulate APS’s business, including the FERC, the NRC, the EPA, the ACC and state and local governmental agencies.  These agencies regulate many aspects of APS’s utility operations, including safety and performance, emissions, siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that APS can charge retail and wholesale customers.  Failure to comply can subject APS to, among other things, fines and penalties.  For example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC can impose penalties (up to one million dollars per day per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards.  In addition to penalties, APS may be unable to recover certain costs if, for example, it fails to implement any of its annual ACC-approved renewable implementation plans.  APS is also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from these agencies.  APS believes the necessary permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that APS’s business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws in all material respects.  However, changes in regulations or the imposition of new or revised laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.  We are also unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from pending or future regulatory activities of any of these agencies.

26

Table of Contents

The operation of APS’s nuclear power plant exposes it to substantial regulatory oversight and potentially significant liabilities and capital expenditures.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  Events at nuclear facilities of other operators or impacting the industry generally may lead the NRC to impose additional requirements and regulations on existing and new facilities.  As a result of the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami that caused significant damage to the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Japan, various industry organizations are working to analyze information from the Japan incident and develop action plans for U.S. nuclear power plants.  Additionally, the NRC is performing its own independent review of the events at Fukushima Daiichi, including a review of the agency’s processes and regulations in order to determine whether the agency should promulgate additional regulations and possibly make more fundamental changes to the NRC’s system of regulation.  We cannot predict when or if the NRC will take formal action as a result of its review.  The financial and/or operational impacts on Palo Verde and APS may be significant.

In the event of noncompliance with its requirements, the NRC has the authority to impose monetary civil penalties or a progressively increased inspection regime that could ultimately result in the shut-down of a unit, or both, depending upon the NRC’s assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  The increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and implementation of plans to achieve compliance with NRC requirements may adversely affect APS’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

APS is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, and changes in, or liabilities under, existing or new laws or regulations may increase APS’s cost of operations or impact its business plans.

APS is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste, hazardous waste, and coal combustion products, which consist of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes.  These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on power plant emissions obligations.  These laws and regulations generally require APS to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other approvals.  If there is a delay or failure to obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if APS fails to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to additional expenses.  In addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil liability or criminal penalties.  Both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations.  APS cannot predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related litigation that may arise.

Environmental Clean Up.  

APS has been named as a PRP for a Superfund site in Phoenix, Arizona and it could be named a PRP in the future for other environmental clean up at sites identified by a regulatory body.  APS cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of all future expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean up costs.  There is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all potentially responsible parties.

27

Table of Contents

Regional Haze.

  APS is currently awaiting a final rulemaking from the EPA that could impose new requirements on Four Corners and the Navajo Plant.  APS is also awaiting the EPA’s issuance of a FIP or partial FIP that could impose new requirements on Cholla.  The EPA and ADEQ will require these plants to install pollution control equipment that constitutes the best available retrofit technology to lessen the impacts of emissions on visibility surrounding the plants.  Depending upon the agencies’ final determinations of what constitutes BART for these plants, the financial impact of installing and operating the required pollution control equipment could jeopardize the economic viability of the plants or the ability of individual participants to continue their participation in these plants, resulting in plant closures and asset impairments.

Coal Ash.  

The EPA released proposed regulations governing the disposal of CCRs, which are generated as a result of burning coal and consist of, among other things, fly ash and bottom ash.  The EPA proposed regulating CCRs as either non-hazardous or hazardous waste.  APS currently disposes of CCRs in ash ponds and dry storage areas at Four Corners and Cholla, and also sells a portion of its fly ash for beneficial reuse as a constituent in concrete products.  If the EPA regulates CCRs as a hazardous solid waste or phases out APS’s ability to dispose of CCRs through the use of ash ponds, APS could incur significant costs for CCR disposal and may be unable to continue its sale of fly ash for beneficial reuse.

New Source Review.  

The EPA has taken the position that many projects electric utilities have performed are major modifications that trigger New Source Review requirements under the Clean Air Act.  The utilities generally have taken the position that these projects are routine maintenance and did not result in emissions increases, and thus are not subject to New Source Review.  In 2009, APS received and responded to a request from the EPA regarding projects and operations of Four Corners.  An environmental organization filed suit against the Four Corners participants for alleged violations of New Source Review and the NSPS programs of the Clean Air Act.  If the EPA seeks to impose New Source Review requirements at Four Corners or any other APS plant, or if the citizens’ group prevails in its lawsuit, significant capital investments could be required to install new pollution control technologies.  The EPA could also seek civil penalties.

APS cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted or become applicable to it.  Revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by APS are not fully recoverable from APS’s customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

APS faces physical and operational risks related to climate change, and potential financial risks resulting from climate change litigation and legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

Concern over climate change, deemed by many to be induced by rising levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit CO
2
, which is a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuel, and other greenhouse gas emissions.  In addition, lawsuits have been filed against companies that emit greenhouse gases, including a lawsuit filed by the Native Village of Kivalina and the City of Kivalina, Alaska against us and several other utilities seeking damages related to climate change.

Financial Risks — Potential Legislation and Regulation

.  It is possible that some form of legislation or EPA action to regulate domestic greenhouse gas emissions may occur in the future at the

28

Table of Contents

federal level.  If the United States Congress, or individual states or groups of states in which APS operates, ultimately pass legislation, or if the EPA promulgates additional regulations regulating the emissions of greenhouse gases, any resulting limitations on CO

2
 and other greenhouse gas emissions could result in the creation of substantial additional capital expenditures and operating costs in the form of taxes, emissions allowances, or required equipment upgrades and could have a material adverse impact on all fossil-fuel-fired generation facilities (particularly coal-fired facilities, which constitute approximately 28% of APS’s generation capacity).

At the state level, the California legislature enacted legislation to address greenhouse gas emissions and the California Air Resources Board approved regulations that will establish a cap-and-trade program for greenhouse gas.  This legislation, regulation and other state-specific initiatives may affect APS’s business, including sales into the impacted states or the ability of its out-of-state power plant participants to continue their participation in certain coal-fired power plants, including Four Corners following 2016.

Physical and Operational Risks.  

Weather extremes such as drought and high temperature variations are common occurrences in the Southwest’s desert area, and these are risks that APS considers in the normal course of business in the engineering and construction of its electric system.  Large increases in ambient temperatures could require evaluation of certain materials used within its system and represent a greater challenge.

Deregulation or restructuring of the electric industry may result in increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on APS’s business and its results of operations.

In 1999, the ACC approved rules for the introduction of retail electric competition in Arizona.  Retail competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on APS due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital.  Although some very limited retail competition existed in APS’s service area in 1999 and 2000, there are currently no active retail competitors offering unbundled energy or other utility services to APS’s customers.  As a result, APS cannot predict if, when, and the extent to which, additional competitors may re-enter APS’s service territory.

In 2010, the ACC issued a decision holding that solar vendors that install and operate solar facilities for non-profit schools and governments pursuant to a specific type of contract that calculates payments based on the energy produced are not “public service corporations” under the Arizona Constitution, and are therefore not regulated by the ACC.  A second matter is pending with the ACC to determine whether that ruling should extend to solar providers who serve a broader customer base under the same business model.  The use of such products by customers within our territory would result in some level of competition.  APS cannot predict whether the ACC will deem these vendors “public service corporations” subject to ACC regulation and when, and the extent to which, additional service providers will enter APS’s service territory, increasing the level of competition in the market.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

APS’s results of operations can be adversely affected by various factors impacting demand for electricity.

Weather Conditions.

  Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and affect the price of energy commodities.  Electric power demand is generally a seasonal business.  In

29

Table of Contents

Arizona, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time.  As a result, APS’s overall operating results fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  In addition, APS has historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder.  As a result, unusually mild weather could diminish APS’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Higher temperatures may decrease the snowpack, which might result in lowered soil moisture and an increased threat of forest fires.  Forest fires could threaten APS’s communities and electric transmission lines.  Any damage caused as a result of forest fires could negatively impact APS’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Effects of Energy Conservation Measures and Distributed Energy.

  The ACC has enacted rules regarding energy efficiency that mandate a 22% annual energy savings requirement by 2020.  This will likely increase participation by APS customers in energy efficiency and conservation programs and other demand-side management efforts, which in turn will impact the demand for electricity.  The rules also include a requirement for the ACC to review and address financial disincentives, recovery of fixed costs and the recovery of net lost income/revenue that would result from lower sales due to increased energy efficiency requirements.  To that end, the proposed Settlement Agreement in APS’s current retail rate case includes a mechanism to address these matters.  The 2009 retail rate case settlement agreement also established energy efficiency goals for APS that began in 2010 that extend through 2012, subjecting APS to energy efficiency requirements slightly greater for the first two of those years than required under the rules described above.

APS must also meet certain distributed energy requirements.  A portion of APS’s total renewable energy requirement must be met with an increasing percentage of distributed energy resources (generally, small scale renewable technologies located on customers’ properties).  The distributed energy requirement was 25% of the overall RES requirement of 3% in 2011 and increased to 30% of the applicable RES requirement for 2012 and subsequent years.  Customer participation in distributed energy programs would result in lower demand, since customers would be meeting some or all of their own energy needs.

Reduced demand due to these energy efficiency and distributed energy requirements, unless offset through ratemaking mechanisms, such as those proposed in the Settlement Agreement, could have a material adverse impact on APS’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The operation of power generation facilities and transmission systems involves risks that could result in reduced output or unscheduled outages, which could materially affect APS’s results of operations

.

The operation of power generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption, and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency.  Unscheduled outages, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other complications, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of APS’s business.  Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the larger transmission power grid, and the operation or failure of our facilities could adversely affect the operations of others.  If APS’s facilities operate below expectations, especially during its peak seasons, it may lose revenue or incur additional expenses, including increased purchased power expenses.

30

Table of Contents

The inability to successfully develop or acquire generation resources to meet new or evolving standards and regulations could adversely impact our business.

Potential changes in regulatory standards, impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and the need to obtain certain regulatory approvals create uncertainty surrounding our generation portfolio.  For example, APS’s acquisition of SCE’s interest in Four Corners is contingent upon regulatory approval.  If not approved, we could face increased costs for replacement power or the need to acquire or develop alternate resources.  In addition, APS is required by the ACC to meet certain energy resource portfolio requirements and the RES.  The development of any renewable generation facilities resulting from the RES is subject to many other risks, including risks related to financing, siting, permitting, technology, the construction of sufficient transmission capacity to support these facilities and stresses to generation and transmission resources from intermittent generation characteristics of renewable resources.  APS’s inability to adequately develop or acquire the necessary generation resources to meet the required standards could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

The lack of access to sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on APS’s business and results of operations.

Assured supplies of water are important for APS’s generating plants.  Water in the southwestern United States is limited and various parties have made conflicting claims regarding the right to access and use such limited supply of water.  Both groundwater and surface water in areas important to APS’s generating plants have been and are the subject of inquiries, claims and legal proceedings.  In addition, the region in which APS’s power plants are located is prone to drought conditions, which could potentially affect the plants’ water supplies.  APS’s inability to access sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

The ownership and operation of power generation and transmission facilities on Indian lands could result in uncertainty related to continued leases, easements and rights-of-way, which could have a significant impact on our business.

Certain APS power plants, including Four Corners, and portions of the transmission lines that carry power from these plants are located on Indian lands pursuant to leases, easements or other rights-of-way that are effective for specified periods.  APS is currently unable to predict the final outcome of pending and future approvals by applicable governing bodies with respect to renewals of these leases, easements and rights-of-way.

There are inherent risks in the ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, such as environmental, health, fuel supply, spent fuel disposal, regulatory and financial risks and the risk of terrorist attack.

APS has an ownership interest in and operates, on behalf of a group of participants, Palo Verde, which is the largest nuclear electric generating facility in the United States.  Palo Verde is subject to environmental, health and financial risks such as the ability to obtain adequate supplies of nuclear fuel; the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel; the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning; potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities; the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks; and unscheduled outages due to equipment and other problems.  APS maintains nuclear decommissioning trust funds and external insurance coverage

31

Table of Contents

to minimize its financial exposure to some of these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage.  In addition, APS may be required under federal law to pay up to $118 million (but not more than $18 million per year) of liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident occurring not only at Palo Verde, but at any other nuclear power plant in the United States. Although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at Palo Verde, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit and to promulgate new regulations that could require significant capital expenditures and/or increase operating costs.

The use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.

APS’s operations include managing market risks related to commodity prices.  APS is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of electricity, natural gas and coal to the extent that unhedged positions exist.  We have established procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity derivatives, including exchange-traded futures and options and over-the-counter forwards, options, and swaps.  As part of our overall risk management program, we enter into derivative transactions to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and fuels.  The changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodity.  To the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time and financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”), which was signed into law in July 2010, contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the counter, or OTC, derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. The Dodd-Frank Act could restrict, among other things, trading positions in the energy futures markets, require different collateral or settlement positions, or increase regulatory reporting over derivative positions. Based on the provisions included in the Dodd-Frank Act and the implementation of regulations, these changes could, among other things, impact our ability to hedge commodity price and interest rate risk or increase the costs associated with our hedging programs.

We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties.  We use a risk management process to assess and monitor the financial exposure of all counterparties.  Despite the fact that the majority of APS’s trading counterparties are rated as investment grade by the rating agencies, there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default, which could result in a material adverse impact on our earnings for a given period.

Changes in technology could create challenges for APS’s existing business.

Research and development activities are ongoing to assess alternative technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption, including clean coal and coal gasification, renewable technologies including photovoltaic (solar) cells, customer-sited generation (solar) and efficiency technologies, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines.  Advances in these, or other technologies could reduce the cost of power production, making APS’s existing generating facilities less economical.  In addition, advances in technology and equipment/appliance efficiency could reduce the demand for power supply, which could adversely affect APS’s business.

32

Table of Contents

APS is pursuing and implementing smart grid technologies, including advanced transmission and distribution system technologies, digital meters enabling two-way communications between the utility and its customers, and electric usage monitoring devices for customers’ homes and businesses.  Many of the products and processes resulting from these and other alternative technologies have not yet been widely used or tested, and their use on large-scale systems is not as advanced and established as APS’s existing technologies and equipment.  Uncertainties and unknowns related to these and other advancements in technology and equipment could adversely affect APS’s business if national standards develop that do not embrace the current technologies or if the technologies and equipment fail to perform as expected.  In addition, widespread installation and acceptance of these devices could enable the entry of new market participants, such as technology companies, into the interface between APS and its customers.

We are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Like most companies in the electric utility industry, our workforce is aging and a number of our employees will become eligible to retire within the next few years.  Although we have undertaken efforts to recruit and train new employees, we may not be successful.  We are subject to other employee workforce factors, such as the availability of qualified personnel, the need to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with union employees and potential work stoppages.  Exposure to these or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We are subject to information security risks 

and risks of unauthorized access to our systems

.

In the regular course of our business we handle a range of sensitive security, customer and business systems information. We are subject to laws and rules issued by different agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of this information. A security breach of our information systems such as theft or the inappropriate release of certain types of information, including confidential customer, employee, financial or system operating information, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure.  Despite implementation of security measures, our technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access.  Our generation, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems and physical assets could be targets of such unauthorized access.  Failures or breaches of our systems could impact the reliability of our generation, transmission and distribution systems and also subject us to financial harm.  If our technology systems were to fail or be breached and if we are unable to recover in a timely way, we may not be able to fulfill critical business functions and sensitive confidential data could be compromised, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

The implementation of security measures and cost of insurance addressing such activities could increase costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial results.  These types of events could also require significant management attention and resources, and could adversely affect Pinnacle West’s and APS’s reputation with customers and the public.

33

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL RISKS

Financial market disruptions or new financial rules or regulations may increase our financing costs or limit our access to the credit markets, which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to implement our financial strategy.

We rely on access to credit markets as a significant source of liquidity and the capital markets for capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from our operations.  We believe that we will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets.  However, certain market disruptions or rules or regulations may increase our cost of borrowing generally, and/or otherwise adversely affect our ability to access the credit markets.

In addition, the credit commitments of our lenders under our bank facilities may not be satisfied for a variety of reasons, including periods of financial distress or liquidity issues affecting our lenders, which could materially adversely affect the adequacy of our liquidity sources.

Changes in economic conditions, monetary policy or other factors could result in higher interest rates, which would increase our interest expense on our debt and reduce funds available to us for our current plans.  Additionally, an increase in our leverage could adversely affect us by:

·

causing a downgrade of our credit ratings;

·

increasing the cost of future debt financing and refinancing;

·

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; and

·

requiring us to dedicate an increased portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce funds available to us for operations, future business opportunities or other purposes.

A downgrade of our credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our current ratings are set forth in “Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Ratings” in Item 7.  We cannot be sure that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant.  Any downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the market price of Pinnacle West’s and APS’s securities, limit our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which would diminish our financial results.  We would be required to pay a higher interest rate for future financings, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  In addition, borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities depend on our credit ratings.  A downgrade would also require us to provide substantial additional support in the form of letters of credit or cash or other collateral to various counterparties.  If our short-term ratings were to be lowered, it could severely limit access to the commercial paper market.  We note that the ratings from rating agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

34

Table of Contents

Investment performance, changing interest rates and other economic factors could decrease the value of our benefit plan assets and nuclear decommissioning trust funds and increase the valuation of our related obligations, resulting in significant additional funding requirements.  Any inability to fully recover these costs in our utility rates would negatively impact our financial condition.

We have significant pension plan and other postretirement benefits plan obligations to our employees and retirees and legal obligations to fund nuclear decommissioning trusts for Palo Verde.  We hold and invest substantial assets in these trusts that are designed to provide funds to pay for certain of these obligations as they arise.  Declines in market values or poor investment results may adversely affect the values of the fixed income and equity securities held in these trusts and increase our funding requirements.  Additionally, the valuation of liabilities related to our pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans are impacted by a discount rate, which is the interest rate used to discount future pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.  Declining interest rates decrease the discount rate, increase the valuation of the plan liabilities and may result in increases in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, cash contributions, regulatory assets, and charges to other comprehensive income.  Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy and changes in other actuarial assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  The minimum contributions required under these plans have increased, and could continue to do so, resulting in significant cash funding obligations that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

We recover most of the pension costs and other postretirement benefit costs and all of the nuclear decommissioning costs in our regulated rates.  Any inability to fully recover these costs in a timely manner would have a material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We may be required to adopt IFRS. The ultimate adoption of such standards could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.

IFRS is a comprehensive series of accounting standards published by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) that is being considered by the SEC to replace accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for use in preparation of financial statements.  If the SEC requires mandatory adoption of IFRS, we may lose our ability to use regulatory accounting treatment, and would follow IFRS rather than GAAP for the preparation of our financial statements beginning no earlier than 2015.  In the meantime, the FASB and the IASB are working on several accounting standards jointly to converge certain accounting differences.  The implementation and adoption of these new standards and the inability to use regulatory accounting could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our cash flow largely depends on the performance of APS.

We conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiary, APS.  Essentially all of our consolidated assets are held by APS.  Accordingly, our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the earnings and cash flows of APS and its distributions to us.  APS is a separate and distinct legal entity and has no obligation to make distributions to us.

APS’s debt agreements may restrict its ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us.  In addition, an ACC financing order requires APS to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40% and does not allow APS to pay common dividends if the payment would reduce its common equity below that threshold.  The common equity ratio, as defined in the ACC order, is total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.

35

Table of Contents

Pinnacle West’s ability to meet its debt service obligations could be adversely affected because its debt securities are structurally subordinated to the debt securities and other obligations of its subsidiaries.

Because Pinnacle West is structured as a holding company, all existing and future debt and other liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior in right of payment to our debt securities.  The assets and cash flows of our subsidiaries will be available, in the first instance, to service their own debt and other obligations.  Our ability to have the benefit of their cash flows, particularly in the case of any insolvency or financial distress affecting our subsidiaries, would arise only through our equity ownership interests in our subsidiaries and only after their creditors have been satisfied.

The market price of our common stock may be volatile.

The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:

·

variations in our quarterly operating results;

·

operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors;

·

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;

·

developments generally affecting industries in which we operate, particularly the energy distribution and energy generation industries;

·

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

·

announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;

·

favorable or adverse regulatory or legislative developments;

·

our dividend policy;

·

future sales by the Company of equity or equity-linked securities; and

·

general domestic and international economic conditions.

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company.  These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and of Arizona law make it difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board and may discourage takeover attempts.

These provisions, which could preclude our shareholders from receiving a change of control premium, include the following:

·

restrictions on our ability to engage in a wide range of “business combination” transactions with an “interested shareholder” (generally, any person who owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting power or any of our affiliates or associates) or any affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, unless specific conditions are met;

·

anti-greenmail provisions of Arizona law and our bylaws that prohibit us from purchasing shares of our voting stock from beneficial owners of more than 5% of our outstanding shares unless specified conditions are satisfied;

36

Table of Contents

·

the ability of the Board of Directors to increase the size of the Board and fill vacancies on the Board, whether resulting from such increase, or from death, resignation, disqualification or otherwise; and

·

the ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and, with respect to preferred stock, the other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without shareholder approval.

While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with our Board of Directors, they could enable the Board to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.

SunCor’s continuing wind-down of its real estate business may give rise to various claims.

Since 2009, SunCor has been engaged in a program to dispose of its homebuilding operations, master-planned communities, land parcels, commercial assets and golf courses in order to eliminate its outstanding debt.  SunCor is focusing on concluding an orderly wind-down of its business.  This effort includes addressing contingent liabilities, such as warranty and construction claims that may be brought by property owners and potential funding obligations to local taxing districts that financed infrastructure at certain of its real estate developments.

Pinnacle West has not guaranteed any of SunCor’s obligations.  SunCor’s remaining business operations, and its ability to generate cash from operations, are minimal.  In February 2012, SunCor filed for protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code to complete an orderly liquidation of its business.  Pinnacle West could be exposed to the uncertainties and complexities inherent for parent companies in such proceedings.