The businesses of PHI,
Pepco, DPL and ACE are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the events or conditions identified below. The occurrence of one or more of these events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or more of
the companies, including, depending on the circumstances, its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unless otherwise noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation, and unfavorable regulatory treatment could have a negative effect.

The regulated utilities that comprise PHI’s Power Delivery businesses are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local
regulatory agencies that significantly affects their operations. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by state regulatory agencies in its service territories, with respect to, among other things, the rates it can charge retail customers for the
supply and distribution of electricity (and additionally for DPL the supply and distribution of natural gas). In addition, the rates that the companies can charge for electricity transmission are regulated by FERC, and DPL’s natural gas
transportation is regulated by FERC. The companies cannot change supply, distribution, or transmission rates without approval by the applicable regulatory authority. While the approved distribution and transmission rates are intended to permit the
companies to recover their costs of service and earn a reasonable rate of return, the profitability of the companies is affected by the rates they are able to charge. In addition, if the costs incurred by any of the companies in operating its
transmission and distribution facilities exceed the allowed amounts for costs included in the approved rates, the financial results of that company, and correspondingly PHI, will be adversely affected. 

PHI’s subsidiaries that are regulated subsidiaries, as well as subsidiaries engaged in the Competitive Energy business, are required to have numerous
permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies that regulate their businesses. PHI believes that each of its subsidiaries has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of the material permits,
approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, none of the companies is able to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on its
business. Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant capital expenditures or to
change the way it conducts its operations. 

Pepco may be required to make additional divestiture proceeds gain-sharing payments to
customers in the District of Columbia. (PHI and Pepco only) 

Pepco currently is involved in regulatory proceedings in the District of
Columbia related to the sharing of the net proceeds from the sale of its generation-related assets. The principal issue in the proceedings is whether Pepco should be required to share with customers the excess deferred income taxes and accumulated
deferred investment tax credits associated with the sold assets and, if so, whether such sharing would violate the normalization provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and its implementing regulations. Depending on the outcome of the proceedings,
Pepco could be required to make additional gain-sharing payments to customers and payments to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the amount of the associated accumulated deferred investment tax credits, and Pepco might be unable to use
accelerated depreciation on District of Columbia allocated or assigned property. See Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplemental Data—Note (17) Commitments and Contingencies—District of Columbia Divestiture Case,” of
this Form 10-K for additional information. 

22 

Table of Contents

The operating results of the Power Delivery business and the Competitive Energy business fluctuate on a
seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by changes in weather. 

The Power Delivery business historically has been seasonal and
weather has had a material impact on its operating performance. Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is generally higher in the winter months associated
with heating as compared to other times of the year. Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer than normal in the winter and cooler than normal in the summer. The
adoption in 2007, for retail customers of Pepco and DPL in Maryland and in 2009 for Pepco retail customers in the District of Columbia, of a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism which decouples distribution revenue for a given reporting period
from the amount of power delivered during the period, has had the effect of eliminating changes in the use of electricity by such retail customers due to weather conditions or for other reasons as a factor having an impact on reported distribution
revenue and income. 

The adoption of bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanisms for DPL electricity and natural gas customers in
Delaware and ACE electricity customers in New Jersey are under consideration by the state public service commissions. In those jurisdictions that have not adopted a bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanism, operating performance continues
to be affected by weather conditions. 

Historically, the competitive energy operations of Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services also have
produced less gross margin when weather conditions are milder than normal, which can negatively impact PHI’s income from these operations. The energy management services business of Pepco Energy Services is not seasonal. 

Facilities may not operate as planned or may require significant maintenance expenditures, which could decrease revenues or increase expenses.

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE transmission and distribution facilities and the Competitive Energy business’ generation
facilities involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, labor disputes and performance below expected levels. Older facilities and equipment, even if maintained in accordance with sound engineering practices, may
require significant capital expenditures for additions or upgrades to keep them operating at peak efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide reliable operations. Natural disasters and weather-related incidents,
including tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. Operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities below expected capacity levels can reduce
revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance, including deficiency charges imposed by PJM on generation facilities at a rate of up to two times the capacity payment that
the generation facility receives. Furthermore, the generation and transmission facilities of the PHI companies are subject to reliability standards imposed by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. Failure to comply with the standards
may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

PHI’s announced Blueprint for the Future program includes the replacement of
customers’ existing electric and gas meters with an advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) system. In addition to the replacement of existing meters, the AMI system involves the construction of a wireless network across the service territories
of PHI’s utility subsidiaries and the implementation and integration of new and existing information technology systems to collect and manage the data made available by the advanced meters. The implementation of the AMI system involves a
combination of technologies provided by multiple vendors. If the AMI system results in lower than projected performance, PHI’s utility subsidiaries could experience higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures, which could have a material
adverse effect on their, and correspondingly PHI’s, results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

The transmission facilities of the Power Delivery business are interconnected with the facilities of
other transmission facility owners whose actions could have a negative impact on Power Delivery’s operations. 

The electricity
transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE are directly interconnected with the transmission facilities of contiguous utilities and, as such, are part of an interstate power transmission grid. FERC has designated a number of regional transmission
organizations to coordinate the operation of portions of the interstate transmission grid. Pepco, DPL and ACE are members of the PJM RTO. In 1997, FERC approved PJM as the provider of transmission service in the PJM RTO region, which currently
consists of all or parts of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia. Pepco, DPL and ACE operate their transmission
facilities under the direction and control of PJM. The PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations have established sophisticated systems that are designed to ensure the reliability of the operation of transmission facilities and
prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However, the systems put in place by the PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations may not always be adequate to prevent
problems at other utilities from causing service interruptions in the transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL or ACE. If any of Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on it and on PHI. 

The cost of compliance with environmental laws, including laws relating to emissions of greenhouse gases, is significant and implementation of new and
existing environmental laws may increase operating costs. 

The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, are
subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resources, site remediation, and health and safety. These laws and
regulations may require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation, complete environmental studies, and perform environmental monitoring. If a company fails to
comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to come into
compliance. 

In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses,
inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted or
subjected to additional costs. 

There is growing concern at the federal and state levels regarding the implications of CO

2

 and other greenhouse gas emissions on the global climate.
As a result, it is likely that, in addition to existing RGGI requirements in effect in Maryland, New Jersey, Delaware and other northeast states, new and more far reaching state regulations will be developed in the region that will impose more
stringent limitations on emissions than are currently in effect. In addition, the U.S. Congress is considering climate change legislation, including the possibility of a carbon cap and trade program. 

The adoption of a federal cap and trade program for CO
2

 and other greenhouse gases could require PHI’s Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services businesses to incur
increased capital expenditures or operating costs associated with one or more of their generating units to replace existing equipment, install additional pollution control equipment or purchase of CO
2

 allowances and offsets. Alternatively, Conectiv Energy or Pepco Energy Services could be required to
discontinue or curtail the operations of one or more units. 

A cap and trade program also would likely increase the
wholesale cost of power purchased by the Power Delivery business for supply to customers. It is likely that CO
2

 allowance costs will be factored into dispatch pricing in the competitive electricity markets along with fuel and other
operating costs. If the price of wholesale electricity increases due to climate change regulation, it will be necessary for the electric distribution companies to pass-through the escalated cost of power purchased by the Power Delivery business for
supply to customers. 

24 

Table of Contents

Until specific requirements are promulgated, the impact that any new environmental regulations, voluntary
compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives or legislation may have on the results of operations, financial position or liquidity of PHI and its subsidiaries is not determinable. 

Failure to retain and attract key skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on operations. 

The ability of each of PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, to implement its business strategy is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for
skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect the company’s business, operations and financial condition. 

PHI’s Competitive Energy business is highly competitive. (PHI only) 

The unregulated
energy generation, supply and marketing businesses, which are primarily in the mid-Atlantic region, are characterized by intense competition at both the wholesale and retail levels. PHI’s Competitive Energy business competes with numerous
non-utility generators, independent power producers, wholesale and retail energy marketers, and traditional utilities. This competition generally has the effect of reducing margins and requires a continual focus on controlling costs. 

PHI’s Competitive Energy business relies on some generation, transmission, storage, and distribution assets that they do not own or control to
deliver wholesale and retail electricity and natural gas and to obtain fuel for their generation facilities. (PHI only) 

PHI’s
Competitive Energy business depends on electric generation and transmission facilities, natural gas pipelines, and natural gas storage facilities owned and operated by others. The operation of their generation facilities also depends on coal,
natural gas or diesel fuel supplied by others. If electric generation or transmission, natural gas pipelines, or natural gas storage are disrupted or capacity is inadequate or unavailable, the Competitive Energy business’ ability to buy and
receive and/or sell and deliver wholesale and retail power and natural gas, and therefore to fulfill their contractual obligations, could be adversely affected. Similarly, if the fuel supply to one or more of their generating plants is disrupted and
storage or other alternative sources of supply are not available, the Competitive Energy business’ ability to operate their generating facilities could be adversely affected. 

Changes in technology may adversely affect the Power Delivery business and the Competitive Energy business. 

Research and development activities are ongoing to improve alternative technologies to produce electricity, including fuel cells, wind energy, micro turbines and photovoltaic (solar) cells. It is possible
that advances in these or other alternative technologies will reduce the costs of electricity production from these technologies, thereby making the generating facilities of the Competitive Energy business less competitive. In addition, increased
conservation efforts and advances in technology could reduce demand for electricity supply and distribution, which could adversely affect the Power Delivery business of Pepco, DPL and ACE and the Competitive Energy business. Changes in technology
also could alter the channels through which retail electricity is distributed to customers which could adversely affect the Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

25 

Table of Contents

PHI’s risk management procedures may not prevent losses in the operation of its Competitive Energy
business. (PHI only) 

The operations of PHI’s Competitive Energy business are conducted in accordance with sophisticated risk
management systems that are designed to quantify and control risk. However, actual results sometimes deviate from modeled expectations. In particular, risks in PHI’s energy commodity activities are measured and monitored utilizing value-at-risk
models to determine the effects of potential one-day favorable or unfavorable price movements. These estimates are based on historical price volatility and assume a normal distribution of price changes and a 95% probability of occurrence.
Consequently, if prices significantly deviate from historical prices, PHI’s risk management systems, including assumptions supporting risk limits, may not protect PHI from significant losses. In addition, adverse changes in energy prices may
result in economic losses in PHI’s earnings and cash flows and reductions in the value of assets on its balance sheet under applicable accounting rules. 

The commodity hedging procedures used by the Competitive Energy business may not protect it from significant losses caused by volatile commodity prices. (PHI only) 

To lower the financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, PHI’s Competitive Energy business routinely enters into contracts to hedge the
value of its assets and operations. As part of this strategy, PHI’s Competitive Energy business utilizes fixed-price, forward, physical purchase and sales contracts, tolling agreements, futures, financial swaps and option contracts traded in
the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. Each of these various hedge instruments can present a unique set of risks in its application to Conectiv Energy’s energy assets. Conectiv Energy must apply judgment in determining the application
and effectiveness of each hedge instrument. New accounting rules, or revised interpretations to existing rules, may cause hedges to be deemed ineffective as an accounting matter. This could have material earnings implications for the period or
periods in question. 

Conectiv Energy’s objective is to hedge a portion of the expected power output of its generation facilities and a
portion of the costs of fuel used to operate those facilities so it is not completely exposed to energy price movements. Conectiv Energy employs dynamic option models to capture the value of its energy portfolio. Specifically for generation, the
models compute the probability of run-time derived from forward market prices for power and fuel, and then computes the desired hedge positions over the next 36 months with the objective of optimizing the value of its generating plants. Conectiv
Energy executes power and fuel hedges according to the model’s projections. Management exercises judgment in determining which months present the most significant risk or opportunity, and hedge levels are adjusted accordingly within risk
management guidelines. Since energy markets can move significantly in a short period of time, hedge levels may also be adjusted to reflect revised assumptions, such assumptions may include, but are not limited to, changes in projected plant output,
revisions to fuel requirements, transmission constraints, prices of alternate fuels, and improving or deteriorating supply and demand conditions. In addition, short-term occurrences, such as abnormal weather, operational events, or intra-month
commodity price volatility may also cause the actual level of hedging coverage to vary from the established hedge targets. These events can cause fluctuations in PHI’s earnings from period to period. Due to the high heat rate of the Pepco
Energy Services generating plants, Pepco Energy Services generally does not enter into wholesale contracts to lock in the forward value of its plants. To the extent that the Competitive Energy business has unhedged positions or its hedging
procedures do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could result in significant losses. Conversely, by engaging in hedging activities, PHI may not realize gains that otherwise could result from fluctuating commodity prices. 

26 

Table of Contents

The operations of the Competitive Energy business can give rise to significant collateral requirements.
The inability to fund those requirements may prevent the business from hedging associated price risks or may require curtailment of their operations. (PHI only) 

A substantial portion of Pepco Energy Services’ business is the sale of electricity and natural gas to retail customers. In conducting this business Pepco Energy Services typically enters into
electricity and natural gas sale contracts under which it is committed to supply the electricity or natural gas requirements of its retail customers over a specified period at agreed upon prices. To acquire this energy, Pepco Energy Services enters
into wholesale purchase contracts for electricity and natural gas. These contracts typically impose collateral requirements on each party designed to protect the other party against the risk of nonperformance between the date the contract is entered
into and the date the energy is paid for. The collateral required to be posted can be of varying forms, including cash, letters of credit and guarantees. When energy market prices decrease relative to the supplier contract prices, Pepco Energy
Service’s collateral obligations increase. In addition, Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services each enter into contracts to buy and sell electricity, various fuels, and related products, including derivative instruments, to reduce its
financial exposure to changes in the value of its assets and obligations due to energy price fluctuations. These contracts usually require the posting of collateral. Under various contracts entered into by both businesses, the required collateral is
provided in the form of an investment grade guaranty issued by PHI. Under these contracts, a reduction in PHI’s credit rating can also trigger a requirement to post additional collateral. To satisfy these obligations when required, PHI and its
non-utility subsidiaries rely primarily on cash balances, access to the capital markets and existing credit facilities. 

Particularly in
periods of energy market price volatility, the collateral obligations associated with the Competitive Energy business can be substantial. These collateral demands negatively affect PHI’s liquidity by requiring PHI to draw on its capacity under
its credit facilities and other financing sources. The inability of PHI to maintain the necessary liquidity also could have an adverse effect on PHI’s results of operations and financial condition by requiring the Competitive Energy business to
forego new business opportunities, by requiring the business to curtail its hedging activity, thereby increasing its exposure to energy market price changes or by rendering them unable to meet their collateral obligations to counterparties.

PHI and its subsidiaries have significant exposure to counterparty risk. (PHI only) 

Both Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services, as part of its retail energy supply business that is being wound down, enter into transactions with numerous
counterparties. These include both commercial transactions for the purchase and sale of electricity and natural gas and derivative and other transactions to manage the risk of commodity price fluctuations. Under these arrangements, the Competitive
Energy business is exposed to the risk that the counterparty may fail to perform its obligation to make or take delivery under the contract, fail to make a required payment or fail to return collateral posted by the Competitive Energy business when
no longer required. Under many of these contracts, Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services are entitled to receive collateral or other types of performance assurance from the counterparty, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit or
parent guarantees, to protect against performance and credit risk. Even where collateral is provided, capital market disruptions can prevent the counterparty from meeting its collateral obligations or could degrade the value of letters of credit and
guarantees as a result of the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or guarantor. In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty, bankruptcy law, in some circumstances, could require Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services to surrender
collateral held or payments received. In addition, Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services are participants in the wholesale electric markets administered by various independent system operators (ISOs), and in particular PJM. If an ISO incurs
losses due to counterparty nonperformance, those losses are allocated to and borne by other market participants in the ISO. Such defaults could adversely affect PHI’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. These risks are
increased during periods of significant commodity price fluctuations, tightened credit and ratings downgrades. 

27 

Table of Contents

Business operations could be adversely affected by terrorism. 

The threat of, or actual acts of, terrorism may affect the operations of PHI and its subsidiaries in unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the
insurance markets, force an increase in security measures and cause disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. If any of its infrastructure facilities, such as its electric generation, fuel storage, transmission or distribution facilities, were to be
a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of an act of terrorism, the operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely affected. Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism also could adversely affect the
ability to raise needed capital. 

Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty losses that the companies might incur.

PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and operations in amounts
and with deductibles that they consider appropriate. However, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, some risks, such as weather related casualties, may not
be insurable. In the case of loss or damage to property, plant or equipment, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds, if any, received will be sufficient to cover the entire cost of replacement or repair. 

Revenues, profits and cash flows may be adversely affected by economic conditions. 

Periods of slowed economic activity generally result in decreased demand for power, particularly by industrial and large commercial customers. As a consequence, recessions or other downturns in the
economy may result in decreased revenues, profits and cash flows for the Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE and the Competitive Energy business. 

The IRS challenge to cross-border energy sale and lease-back transactions entered into by a PHI subsidiary could result in loss of prior and future tax benefits. (PHI only) 

PCI maintains a portfolio of eight cross-border energy lease investments, which as of December 31, 2009, had an equity value of approximately $1.4
billion and from which PHI currently derives approximately $55 million per year in tax benefits in the form of interest and depreciation deductions in excess of rental income. In 2005, the Treasury Department and IRS issued Notice 2005-13
identifying sale-leaseback transactions with certain attributes entered into with tax-indifferent parties as tax avoidance transactions, and the IRS announced its intention to disallow the associated tax benefits claimed by the investors in these
transactions. PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments, each of which is with a tax-indifferent party, have been under examination by the IRS as part of the normal PHI federal income tax audits. In the final IRS revenue agent’s report
issued in June 2006 and in March 2009 in connection with the audit of PHI’s 2001-2002, and 2003-2005 income tax returns, respectively, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in excess of rental income claimed by PHI
with respect to its cross-border energy lease investments. In addition, the IRS has sought to recharacterize the leases as loan transactions as to which PHI would be subject to original issue discount income. PHI disagrees with the IRS’
proposed adjustments and filed tax protests in August 2006 and May 2009 in connection with the audit of PHI’s 2001-2002 and 2003-2005 income tax returns, respectively. Both cases have been forwarded to and are under review by the IRS Appeals
Office. 

In the event that that IRS were to be successful in disallowing 100% of the tax benefits associated with these leases and
recharacterizing these leases as loans, PHI estimates that, as of December 31, 2009, it would be obligated to pay approximately $617 million in additional federal and state taxes and $106 million of interest. In addition, the IRS could require
PHI to pay a penalty of up to 20% on the amount of additional taxes due. PHI anticipates that any additional taxes that it would be required to pay as a result of the disallowance of prior deductions or a re-characterization of the leases as loans
would be recoverable in the form of lower taxes over the remaining terms of the affected leases. Moreover, the entire amount of any additional tax would not be due immediately. Rather, the federal and state taxes would be payable when the open audit
years are closed and PHI amends subsequent tax returns not then under audit. 

28 

Table of Contents

To the extent that PHI does not prevail in this matter and suffers a disallowance of the tax benefits and
incurs imputed original issue discount income due to the recharacterization of the leases as loans, PHI would be required under Financial Accounting Standards Board guidance on leases (Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 840 and ASC 850) to
recalculate the timing of the tax benefits generated by the cross-border energy lease investments and adjust the equity value of the investments, which would result in a non-cash charge to earnings, which depending on the magnitude could be
material. 

For further discussion of this matter, see Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — PHI
— Note (17), “Commitments and Contingencies — Regulatory and Other Matters — PHI’s Cross-Border Energy Lease Investments,” of this Form 10-K. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are dependent on access to capital markets and bank funding to satisfy their capital and liquidity requirements. The inability to obtain required financing would have an
adverse effect on their respective businesses. 

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each have significant capital requirements, including the funding
of construction expenditures and the refinancing of maturing debt. The companies rely primarily on cash flow from operations and access to the capital markets to meet these financing needs. The operating activities of the companies also require
access to short-term money markets and bank financing as sources of liquidity that are not met by cash flow from their operations. Adverse business developments or market disruptions could increase the cost of financing or prevent the companies from
accessing one or more financial markets. 

The financing costs of each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE are closely linked, directly or indirectly,
to its credit rating. The collateral requirements of the Competitive Energy business also depend in part on the unsecured debt rating of PHI. Negative ratings actions by one or more of the credit rating agencies resulting from a change in PHI’s
operating results or prospects would increase funding costs and collateral requirements and could make financing more difficult to obtain. 

Under the terms of PHI’s primary credit facilities, the consolidated indebtedness of PHI cannot exceed 65% of its consolidated capitalization. If PHI’s equity were to decline to a level that caused PHI’s debt to exceed this
limit, lenders would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facilities immediately due and payable. To avoid such a default, a renegotiation of this covenant would be
required which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict PHI’s operational and financing flexibility. Events that could cause a reduction in PHI’s equity include a further write down
of PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments or a significant write down of PHI’s goodwill. 

Events that could cause or contribute
to a disruption of the financial markets include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial institutions; 

•

 a significant change in energy prices; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; or 

•

 a significant electricity transmission disruption. 

In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC rules thereunder, PHI’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial
reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. The inability to certify the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls also could increase
financing costs or could adversely affect the ability to access one or more financial markets. 

29 

Table of Contents

PHI has a significant goodwill balance related to its Power Delivery business. A determination that
goodwill is impaired could result in a significant charge to earnings. 

PHI had a goodwill balance at December 31, 2009, of
approximately $1.4 billion primarily attributable to Pepco’s acquisition of Conectiv in 2002. Under generally accepted accounting principles, an impairment charge must be recorded to the extent that the implied fair value of goodwill is less
than the carrying value of goodwill, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet. PHI is required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Factors that may result in an interim impairment test include a decline in PHI’s stock price causing market capitalization to fall further below book value, an adverse change in business conditions or an adverse regulatory action.
If PHI were to determine that its goodwill is impaired, PHI would be required to reduce its goodwill balance by the amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Depending on the amount of the impairment, an
impairment determination could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition and results of operations, but would not have an impact on cash flow. 

The funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan obligations is based on assumptions regarding the valuation of future benefit obligations and the performance of plan
assets. If market performance decreases plan assets or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations increase their liabilities, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may be required to make significant cash contributions to fund these
plans. 

PHI holds assets in trust to meet its obligations under PHI’s defined benefit pension plan (the PHI Retirement Plan) and its
postretirement benefit plan. The amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are determined based on assumptions made as to the valuation of future benefit
obligations, and the investment performance of the plan assets. Accordingly, the performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan assets. A decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the plan funding requirements to meet
the future benefit obligations. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the valuation of the liabilities of the plans. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Demographic changes, such as
a change in the expected timing of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may increase the funding requirements of the plans. A need for significant additional funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the
cash flow of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. Future increases in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan costs, to the extent they are not recoverable in the base rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on
results of operations and financial condition of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

PHI’s cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to
satisfy debt obligations depend on the performance of its operating subsidiaries. PHI’s unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities and the outstanding preferred stock of its subsidiaries. (PHI only) 

PHI is a holding company that conducts its operations entirely through its subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated operating assets are held by its
subsidiaries. Accordingly, PHI’s cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of the subsidiaries and the distribution of such earnings to
PHI in the form of dividends. The subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity securities issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such payment. Because the claims of the
creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries and the preferred stockholders of ACE are superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations of PHI are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its
subsidiaries and to the rights of the holders of ACE’s preferred stock to receive dividend payments. 

30 

Table of Contents

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity which makes them vulnerable to negative regulatory and
litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been among the sectors of the economy that have been the subject of highly publicized
allegations of misconduct in the past. In addition, many utility companies have been publicly criticized for their performance during natural disasters and weather related incidents. Adverse publicity of this nature may render legislatures,
regulatory authorities, and other government officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to adverse outcomes with respect to decisions
by such bodies. 

Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage an acquisition of PHI. (PHI only) 

As a Delaware corporation, PHI is subject to the business combination law set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could
have the effect of delaying, discouraging or preventing an acquisition of PHI. 

Because Pepco is a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, and each
of DPL and ACE is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, PHI can exercise substantial control over their dividend policies and businesses and operations. (Pepco, DPL and ACE only) 

All of the members of each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of their executive officers, are officers of PHI
or an affiliate of PHI. Among other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board is responsible for decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising activities, and acquisition and disposition of assets.
Within the limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning
the amount and timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on the company’s respective earnings, cash flow and capital structure.