The businesses of
PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the events or conditions identified below. The occurrence of one or more of these events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or more
of the companies, including, depending on the circumstances, its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unless otherwise noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation, and unfavorable regulatory treatment could have a negative effect.

The regulated utilities that comprise the Power Delivery businesses are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local
regulatory agencies that significantly affects their operations. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by the public service commission for each service territory in which it operates, with respect to, among other things, the rates it can charge
retail customers for the distribution and supply of electricity (and, additionally for DPL, the distribution and supply of natural gas). In addition, the rates that the companies can charge for electricity transmission are regulated by FERC, and
DPL’s natural gas transportation is regulated by FERC. The companies cannot change these rates without approval by the applicable regulatory authority. While the approved rates are intended to permit the companies to recover their costs of
service and earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, the profitability of the companies is affected by the rates they are able to charge. In addition, if the costs incurred by any of the companies in operating its facilities exceed the
allowed amounts for costs included in the approved rates, the financial results of that company, and correspondingly PHI, will be adversely affected. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries, as well as Pepco Energy Services, are required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies that regulate their businesses. PHI believes
that each of its subsidiaries has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance
with applicable laws. None of the companies, however, are able to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on its business. Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or
regulations, may require any one or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

The operating results of the Power Delivery business and the retail energy supply business of Pepco
Energy Services fluctuate on a seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by changes in weather. 

The Power Delivery business
historically has been seasonal and weather has had a material impact on its operating performance. Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is generally higher
in the winter months associated with heating as compared to other times of the year. Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer than normal in the winter and cooler
than normal in the summer. The recent adoption for retail customers of Pepco and DPL in Maryland and for Pepco retail customers in the District of Columbia of a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism which decouples distribution revenue for a given
reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period, has had the effect of eliminating in those jurisdictions, changes in the use of electricity by such retail customers due to weather conditions or for other reasons as a factor
having an impact on reported distribution revenue and income. 

The adoption of bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanisms for DPL
electricity and natural gas customers in Delaware and ACE electricity customers in New Jersey are under consideration by the state public service commissions. In those jurisdictions that have not adopted a bill stabilization adjustment or similar
mechanism, operating results continue to be affected by weather conditions. 

The retail energy supply business of Pepco Energy Services
generally produces higher gross margins when temperatures are colder than normal in winter or warmer than normal in summer, and less gross margin when weather conditions are milder than normal. The Energy Services business of Pepco Energy Services,
which includes providing energy savings performance contracting services principally to federal, state and local government customers, and designing, constructing and operating combined heat and power energy plants for customers, is not seasonal.

Facilities may not operate as planned or may require significant maintenance expenditures, which could decrease revenues or increase
expenses. 

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE transmission and distribution facilities and Pepco Energy Services’ generating
facilities (scheduled for deactivation in May 2012) involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, labor disputes and performance below expected levels. Older facilities and equipment, even if maintained in
accordance with sound engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures for additions or upgrades to provide reliable operations or to comply with changing environmental requirements. Natural disasters and weather, including
tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt transmission and distribution systems. Disruption of the operation of transmission or distribution facilities or the operation of generation facilities below expected output levels, can
reduce revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance, including deficiency charges imposed by PJM on generating facilities at a rate of up to two times the capacity
payment that the generating facility receives. Furthermore, the transmission and generating facilities of the PHI companies are subject to reliability standards imposed by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. Failure to comply with
the standards may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity which makes them vulnerable
to negative regulatory and litigation outcomes. 

Utility companies, including PHI’s utility subsidiaries, have been the subject of
public criticism focused on the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to outages caused by storm damage. Adverse publicity of this nature may render legislatures, regulatory authorities and
other government officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes. 

18 

Table of Contents

PHI’s Blueprint for the Future program includes the replacement of customers’ existing electric
and gas meters with an AMI system. In addition to the replacement of existing meters, the AMI system involves the construction of a wireless network across the service territories of PHI’s utility subsidiaries and the implementation and
integration of new and existing information technology systems to collect and manage the data made available by the advanced meters. The implementation of the AMI system involves a combination of technologies provided by multiple vendors. If the AMI
system results in lower than projected performance, PHI’s utility subsidiaries could experience higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures. 

The transmission facilities of the Power Delivery business are interconnected with the facilities of other transmission facility owners whose actions could have a negative impact on Power
Delivery’s operations. 

The electricity transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE are interconnected with the transmission
facilities of contiguous utilities and are part of an interstate power transmission grid. FERC has designated a number of regional transmission organizations to coordinate the operation of portions of the interstate transmission grid. Pepco, DPL and
ACE are members of the PJM RTO. The PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations have established sophisticated systems that are designed to ensure the reliability of the operation of transmission facilities and prevent the operations
of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However, the systems put in place by the PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations may not always be adequate to prevent problems at other
utilities from causing service interruptions in the transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL or ACE. If any of Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on it and on PHI. 

The cost of compliance with environmental laws, including laws relating to emissions of greenhouse gases, is significant and implementation of new and
existing environmental laws may increase operating costs. 

The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, are
subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resource protection, site remediation and health and safety. These laws and
regulations may require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation, complete environmental studies and perform environmental monitoring. If a company fails to
comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to achieve
compliance. 

In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses,
inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted or
subjected to additional costs. 

There is growing concern at the federal and state levels regarding the implications of
CO
2

 and other greenhouse gas emissions on the global climate.
The implementation of restrictions on the emission of CO
2

 and
other greenhouse gases or regulatory action by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to deactivation of Pepco Energy Services’ generating facilities (scheduled for May 2012) could require Pepco Energy Services to incur increased
capital expenditures or operating costs to replace existing equipment, install additional pollution control equipment or purchase CO
2

 allowances and offsets. 

19 

Table of Contents

Alternatively, Pepco Energy Services could be required to discontinue or curtail the operations of one or
more units prior to their planned deactivation date. 

Until specific requirements are promulgated, the impact that any new environmental
regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives or legislation may have on the results of operations, financial position or liquidity of PHI and its subsidiaries is not determinable. 

Failure to retain and attract key skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on operations. 

The ability of each of PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, to implement its business strategy is dependent on its ability to recruit,
retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect the business, operations and financial condition of PHI or the affected company.

The Energy Services business of Pepco Energy Services is highly competitive. (PHI only) 

The Energy Services business of Pepco Energy Services is highly competitive. This competition generally has the effect of limiting margins and requiring
a continual focus on controlling costs. 

Pepco Energy Services relies on generation, transmission, storage, and distribution assets that it
does not own or control to deliver electricity and natural gas to its customers and to obtain the fuel required to operate its generating facilities. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services is dependent on electric generating and transmission facilities, natural gas pipelines and natural gas storage facilities owned and operated by others to fulfill the remaining
contractual obligations of its retail energy supply business. A disruption in the operation of these facilities would have an adverse effect on Pepco Energy Services. 

The operation of Pepco Energy Services’ generating facilities depends on natural gas or diesel fuel supplied by others. If the fuel supply to these generating facilities were to be disrupted and
storage or other sources of supply were not available, the ability of Pepco Energy Services to operate its plants would be adversely affected. 

Changes in technology may adversely affect the Power Delivery business. 

Increased conservation and end-user generation made possible through advances in technology could reduce demand for the transmission and distribution facilities of the Power Delivery business and
adversely affect PHI and any one or more of its utility subsidiaries. 

Pepco Energy Services’ risk management procedures may not be
effective in preventing losses. (PHI only) 

The retail energy supply and the electricity generation businesses of Pepco Energy Services
are conducted in accordance with sophisticated risk management systems that are designed to quantify and control risk. However, actual results sometimes deviate from modeled expectations. Until the completion of the ongoing wind down of retail
energy supply business and the deactivation of Pepco Energy Services’ two generating facilities (scheduled for May 2012), the ineffectiveness of Pepco Energy Service’s risk management procedures could have a material adverse effect on
PHI’s results of operations. 

20 

Table of Contents

The retail energy supply business of Pepco Energy Services can give rise to significant collateral
requirements. (PHI only) 

In conducting its retail energy supply business, Pepco Energy Services typically entered into electricity and
natural gas sale contracts under which it committed to supply the electricity or natural gas requirements of its retail customers over a specified period at agreed upon prices. To acquire the required energy, Pepco Energy Services has entered into
wholesale purchase contracts for electricity and natural gas. These contracts typically impose collateral requirements on each party designed to protect the other party against the risk of nonperformance between the date the contract was entered
into and the date the energy is paid for. The collateral required to be posted can be of varying forms, including cash, letters of credit and guarantees. When energy market prices decrease relative to the supplier contract prices, Pepco Energy
Service’s collateral obligations increase. While Pepco Energy Services no longer enters into new energy supply contracts, it has continuing supply obligations based on prior contracts and corresponding wholesale purchase contracts that extend
through 2014. Particularly in periods of energy market price volatility, the collateral obligations associated with these wholesale purchase contracts can be substantial, although they can be expected to diminish as the Pepco Energy Services retail
energy supply business is wound down. These collateral demands could negatively affect PHI’s liquidity by requiring PHI to draw on its capacity under its credit facilities or other financing sources. 

The retail energy supply business of Pepco Energy Services has significant exposure to counterparty risk. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services has entered into transactions with numerous counterparties. These include both commercial transactions for the purchase and sale of
electricity and natural gas, and derivative and other transactions, to manage the risk of commodity price fluctuations. Under these arrangements, Pepco Energy Services is exposed to the risk that the counterparty may fail to perform its obligation
to make or take delivery under the contract, fail to make a required payment or fail to return collateral posted by Pepco Energy Services when no longer required. Under many of these contracts, Pepco Energy Services is entitled to receive collateral
or other types of performance assurance from the counterparty, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit or parent guarantees, to protect against performance and credit risk. Even where collateral is provided, capital market disruptions
can prevent the counterparty from meeting its collateral obligations or degrade the value of letters of credit and guarantees as a result of the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or guarantor. In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty,
bankruptcy law, in some circumstances, could require Pepco Energy Services to surrender collateral held or payments received. 

Mark-to-market accounting treatment for instruments Pepco Energy Service’s uses to hedge the cost of supply used to satisfy retail customer load
obligations could cause earnings volatility. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services purchases energy commodity contracts in the form of
electricity and natural gas futures, swaps, options and forward contracts to hedge commodity price risk in connection with the purchase of natural gas and electricity for delivery to customers. Pepco Energy Services accounts for its futures and swap
contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions. Certain commodity contracts that do not qualify as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions or do not meet the requirements for normal purchase and normal sale accounting are marked to
market through current earnings. Any change in the fair value of the transactions used to hedge price risk that receive mark-to-market accounting treatment will be reflected in PHI’s current earnings without any offsetting change in the fair
value of its retail load obligations until the settlement date of these contracts in future periods. As a result, PHI’s earnings could be more volatile due to the mark-to-market accounting treatment for its commodity contracts. 

21 

Table of Contents

Business operations could be adversely affected by terrorism. 

The threat of, or actual acts of, terrorism may affect the operations of PHI and its subsidiaries in unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the
insurance markets, force an increase in security measures and cause disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. If any of its infrastructure facilities, including its transmission or distribution facilities, were to be a direct target, or an indirect
casualty, of an act of terrorism, the operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely affected. Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism also could adversely affect the ability to raise needed capital.

Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty losses that the companies might incur. 

PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and operations in amounts and with
deductibles that they consider appropriate. However, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, some risks, such as weather related casualties, may not be
insurable. In the case of loss or damage to property, plant or equipment, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds received, if any, will be sufficient to cover the entire cost of replacement or repair. 

Revenues, profits and cash flows may be adversely affected by economic conditions. 

Periods of slowed economic activity generally result in decreased demand for power, particularly by industrial and large commercial customers. As a consequence, recessions or other downturns in the
economy may result in decreased revenues, profits and cash flows for the Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE and the business of Pepco Energy Services. 

The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) challenge to cross-border energy sale and lease-back transactions entered into by a PHI subsidiary could result in loss of prior and future tax benefits. (PHI only)

PCI maintains a portfolio of eight cross-border energy lease investments, which as of December 31, 2010, had an equity value of
approximately $1.4 billion and from which PHI currently derives approximately $59 million per year in tax benefits in the form of interest and depreciation deductions in excess of rental income. PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments, each
of which is with a tax-indifferent party, have been under examination by the IRS as part of the normal PHI federal income tax audits. In the final IRS revenue agent’s report issued in June 2006 and in March 2009 in connection with the
audits of PHI’s federal 2001-2002, and 2003-2005 income tax returns, respectively, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in excess of rental income claimed by PHI with respect to its cross-border energy lease investments.
In addition, the IRS has sought to recharacterize the leases as loan transactions as to which PHI would be subject to original issue discount income. PHI disagrees with the IRS’ proposed adjustments and filed tax protests. 

In November 2010, the IRS approved a settlement with respect to the 2001-2002 tax returns in which PHI agreed to a disallowance of its depreciation and
interest deductions in excess of rental income, but reserved the right to file refund claims contesting the allowances. In January 2011, PHI paid $74 million of additional tax, plus penalties of $1 million, in accordance with the terms of the
settlement. PHI intends to file a claim for refund for the disallowed deductions, pursue litigation against the IRS if claim is denied. The 2003-2005 case is currently pending with the IRS Appeals Office. 

In the event that that IRS were to be successful in disallowing 100% of the tax benefits associated with these leases and recharacterizing these leases
as loans, PHI estimates that, as of December 31, 2010, it would be obligated to pay approximately $692 million in additional federal and state taxes and $133 million of interest, of which $74 million has been satisfied by the payment made in
January 2011. In 

22 

Table of Contents

addition, the IRS could require PHI to pay a penalty of up to 20% on the amount of additional taxes due. PHI anticipates that any additional taxes that it would be required to pay as a result of
the disallowance of prior deductions or a re-characterization of the leases as loans would be recoverable in the form of lower taxes over the remaining terms of the affected leases. Moreover, the entire amount of any additional tax would not be due
immediately. Rather, the federal and state taxes would be payable when the open audit years are closed and PHI amends subsequent tax returns not then under audit. 

To the extent that PHI does not prevail in this matter and suffers a disallowance of the tax benefits and incurs imputed original issue discount income due to the recharacterization of the leases as
loans, PHI would be required under Financial Accounting Standards Board guidance on leases (Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 840 and ASC 850) to recalculate the timing of the tax benefits generated by the cross-border energy lease investments
and adjust the equity value of the investments, which would result in a non-cash charge to earnings that could be material. 

For further
discussion of this matter, see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — PHI — Note (17), “Commitments and Contingencies — Regulatory and Other Matters — PHI’s Cross-Border Energy Lease
Investments,” of this Form 10-K. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are dependent on access to capital markets and bank financing to satisfy
their capital and liquidity requirements. The inability to obtain required financing would have an adverse effect on their respective businesses. 

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each have significant capital requirements, including the funding of construction expenditures and the refinancing of maturing debt. The companies rely primarily on cash flow from
operations and access to the capital markets to meet these financing needs. The operating activities of the companies also require access to short-term money markets and bank financing as sources of liquidity that are not met by cash flow from
operations. Adverse business developments or market disruptions could increase the cost of financing or prevent the companies from accessing one or more financial markets. 

The financing costs of each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE are closely linked, directly or indirectly, to its credit rating. The collateral requirements of Pepco Energy Services’ retail energy supply
business also are determined in part by the unsecured debt rating of PHI. Negative ratings actions by one or more of the credit rating agencies resulting from a change in PHI’s or the utility’s operating results or prospects would increase
funding costs and collateral requirements and could make financing more difficult to obtain. 

Under the terms of PHI’s primary credit
facilities, the consolidated indebtedness of PHI cannot exceed 65% of its consolidated capitalization. If PHI’s equity were to decline to a level that caused PHI’s debt to exceed this limit, lenders would be entitled to refuse any further
extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facilities immediately due and payable. To avoid such a default, a renegotiation of this covenant would be required which would likely increase funding costs and could
result in additional covenants that would restrict PHI’s operational and financing flexibility. Events that could cause a reduction in PHI’s equity include a further write down of PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments or a
significant write down of PHI’s goodwill. 

Events that could cause or contribute to a disruption of the financial markets include, but
are not limited to: 

•

 a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial institutions; 

•

 a significant change in energy prices; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; or 

•

 a significant electricity transmission disruption. 

23 

Table of Contents

In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC rules thereunder,
PHI’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. The inability to certify the effectiveness of these controls
due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls also could increase financing costs or could adversely affect the ability to access one or more financial markets. 

PHI has a significant goodwill balance related to its Power Delivery business. A determination that goodwill is impaired could result in a significant
non-cash charge to earnings. 

PHI had a goodwill balance at December 31, 2010, of approximately $1.4 billion, primarily attributable
to Pepco’s acquisition of Conectiv in 2002. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, an impairment charge must be recorded to the extent that the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying
value of goodwill, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet. PHI is required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that
may result in an interim impairment test include a decline in PHI’s stock price causing market capitalization to fall further below book value, an adverse change in business conditions or an adverse regulatory action. If PHI were to determine
that its goodwill is impaired, PHI would be required to reduce its goodwill balance by the amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Depending on the amount of the impairment, an impairment determination could
have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition and results of operations, but would not have an impact on cash flow. 

The
funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan obligations is based on assumptions regarding the valuation of future benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. If market performance decreases plan assets
or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations increase plan liabilities, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may be required to make significant cash contributions to fund these plans. 

PHI holds assets in trust to meet its obligations under PHI’s defined benefit pension plan (the PHI Retirement Plan) and its postretirement benefit
plan. The amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are determined based on assumptions made as to the valuation of future benefit obligations, and the
investment performance of the plan assets. Accordingly, the performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan assets. A decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the plan funding requirements to meet the future benefit
obligations. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the valuation of the liabilities of the plans. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Demographic changes, such as a change in the
expected timing of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may increase the funding requirements of the plans. A need for significant additional funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of PHI,
Pepco, DPL and ACE. Future increases in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan costs, to the extent they are not recoverable in the base rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on results of
operations and financial condition of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

PHI’s cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to satisfy debt
obligations depend on the performance of its operating subsidiaries. PHI’s unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities and the outstanding preferred stock of its subsidiaries. (PHI only) 

PHI is a holding company that conducts its operations entirely through its subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated operating assets are held by
its subsidiaries. Accordingly, PHI’s cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of the subsidiaries and the distribution of such earnings
to PHI in the form of dividends. The subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity securities issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such payment. Because the claims of

24 

Table of Contents

the creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries and the preferred stockholders of ACE are superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations of PHI are effectively
subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries and to the rights of the holders of ACE’s preferred stock to receive dividend payments. 

Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage an acquisition of PHI. (PHI only) 

As a Delaware corporation, PHI is subject to the business combination law set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying, discouraging or
preventing an acquisition of PHI. 

Because Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI, PHI can exercise
substantial control over their dividend policies and businesses and operations. (Pepco, DPL and ACE only) 

All of the members of each of
Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of their respective executive officers, are officers of PHI. Among other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board is responsible for decisions
regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising activities and acquisition and disposition of assets. Within the limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each company’s respective outstanding
debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning the amount and timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on the company’s earnings, cash flow and capital structure
and also may take into account the business plans and financial requirements of PHI and its other subsidiaries. 

25 

Table of Contents