The businesses of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the events or
conditions identified below.  The occurrence of one or more of these
events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or
more of the companies, including, depending on the circumstances, its financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  Unless otherwise
noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE.

PHI
and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation, and
unfavorable regulatory treatment could have a negative effect.

The regulated utilities that
compose
 PHI’s
Power Delivery businesses are subject to regulation by various federal, state
and local regulatory agencies that significantly affects their
operations.  Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by state
regulatory agencies in its service territories, with respect to, among other
things, the rates it can charge retail customers for the supply and distribution
of electricity (and additionally for DPL the supply and distribution of natural
gas).  In addition, the rates that the companies can charge for
electricity transmission are regulated by FERC, and DPL’s natural gas
transportation is regulated by FERC.  The companies cannot change
supply, distribution, or transmission rates without approval by the applicable
regulatory authority.  While the approved distribution and
transmission rates are intended to permit the companies to recover their costs
of service and earn a reasonable rate of return, the profitability of the
companies is affected by the rates they are able to charge.  In
addition, if the costs incurred by any of the companies in operating its
transmission and distribution facilities exceed the allowed amounts for costs
included in the approved rates, the financial results of that company, and
correspondingly, PHI, will be adversely affected.

PHI’s subsidiaries also are required to
have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies
that regulate their businesses. PHI believes that each of its

 21

subsidiaries
has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal
of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing
operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable
laws; however, none of the companies is able to predict the impact of future
regulatory activities of any of these agencies on its
business.  Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or
regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one
or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant
capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its
operations.

Pepco
may be required to make additional divestiture proceeds gain-sharing payments to
customers in the District of Columbia and Maryland.  (PHI and Pepco
only)

Pepco currently is involved in
regulatory proceedings in Maryland and the District of Columbia related to the
sharing of the net proceeds from the sale of its generation-related
assets.  The principal issue in the proceedings is whether Pepco
should be required to share with customers the excess deferred income taxes and
accumulated deferred investment tax credits associated with the sold assets and,
if so, whether such sharing would violate the normalization provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code and its implementing regulations.  Depending on
the outcome of the proceedings, Pepco could be required to make additional
gain-sharing payments to customers and payments to the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) in the amount of the associated accumulated deferred investment tax
credits, and Pepco might be unable to use accelerated depreciation on District
of Columbia and Maryland allocated or assigned property.  See
Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Regulatory and Other Matters — Divestiture Cases” for
additional information.

The
operating results of the Power Delivery business and the Competitive Energy
businesses fluctuate on a seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by
changes in weather.

The Power Delivery business
historically has been seasonal and weather patterns have had a material impact
on its operating performance.  Demand for electricity is generally
higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity
and natural gas is generally higher in the winter months associated with heating
as compared to other times of the year.  Accordingly, each of PHI,
Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when
temperatures are warmer than normal in the winter and cooler than normal in the
summer.  In Maryland, the adoption in 2007 of a bill stabilization
adjustment mechanism for retail customers of Pepco and DPL, which decouples
distribution revenue for a given reporting period from the amount of power
delivered during the period, has had the effect of eliminating changes in the
use of electricity by such retail customers due to weather conditions or for
other reasons as a factor having an impact on reported revenue and
income.

Historically, the competitive energy
operations of Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services also have produced less
revenue when weather conditions are milder than normal, which can negatively
impact PHI’s income from these operations.  The energy management
services business of Pepco Energy Services is not seasonal.

 22

Facilities
may not operate as planned or may require significant maintenance expenditures,
which could decrease revenues or increase expenses.

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE
transmission and distribution facilities and the Competitive Energy businesses’
generation facilities involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of
equipment, accidents, labor disputes and performance below expected
levels.  Older facilities and equipment, even if maintained in
accordance with sound engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures for additions or upgrades to keep them operating at peak
efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide
reliable operations.  Natural disasters and weather-related incidents,
including tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt
generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems.  Operation
of generation, transmission and distribution facilities below expected capacity
levels can reduce revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses
that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance, including
deficiency charges imposed by PJM on generation facilities at a rate of up to
two times the capacity payment that the generation facility
receives.  Furthermore, the generation and transmission facilities of
the PHI companies that are defined as elements of the Bulk Electric System,
which is defined by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC)
as transmission facilities operating at a voltage of 100 kilovolts and above,
are subject to mandatory compliance with the reliability standards established
by the NERC and the Reliability First Regional Entity, which is the
NERC-designated regional entity with jurisdiction in the PJM
region.  Failure to comply with the standards may result in
substantial monetary penalties and reflect poorly on the public image of
PHI.

The
transmission facilities of the Power Delivery business are interconnected with
the facilities of other transmission facility owners whose actions could have a
negative impact on operations.

The electricity transmission facilities
of Pepco, DPL and ACE are directly interconnected with the transmission
facilities of contiguous utilities and, as such, are part of an interstate power
transmission grid.  FERC has designated a number of regional
transmission organizations to coordinate the operation of portions of the
interstate transmission grid.  Pepco, DPL and ACE are members of the
PJM RTO.  In 1997, FERC approved PJM as the provider of transmission
service in the PJM RTO region, which currently consists of all or parts of
Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North
Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the
District of Columbia.  Pepco, DPL and ACE operate their transmission
facilities under the direction and control of PJM.  PJM RTO and the
other regional transmission organizations have established sophisticated systems
that are designed to ensure the reliability of the operation of transmission
facilities and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse
impact on the operations of the other utilities.  However, the systems
put in place by PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations may
not always be adequate to prevent problems at other utilities from causing
service interruptions in the transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL or
ACE.  If any of Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service
interruption, it could have a negative impact on it and on PHI.

 23

The
cost of compliance with environmental laws, including laws relating to emissions
of greenhouse gases, is significant and new environmental laws may increase
expenses.

The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries,
including Pepco, DPL and ACE, are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental laws, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water
quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resources, site
remediation, and health and safety.  These laws and regulations can
require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet
emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation and perform
environmental monitoring.  If a company fails to comply with
applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond
its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal
penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to come into
compliance.

In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are
required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses,
inspections and other approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any
required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain,
maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities
could be halted or subjected to additional costs.

There is growing concern at the federal
and state levels about CO
2 and other
greenhouse gas emissions.  As a result, it is possible that, in
addition to RGGI, state and federal regulations will be developed that will
impose more stringent limitations on emissions than are currently in effect. Any
of these factors could result in increased capital expenditures and/or operating
costs for one or more generating plants operated by PHI’s Conectiv Energy and
Pepco Energy Services businesses.  Until specific regulations are
promulgated, the impact that any new environmental regulations, voluntary
compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives or legislation may have on the
results of operations, financial position or liquidity of PHI and its
subsidiaries is not determinable.  PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each
continues to monitor federal and state activity related to environmental matters
in order to analyze their potential operational and cost
implications.

New environmental laws and regulations,
or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could impose more
stringent limitations on the operations of PHI’s subsidiaries or require them to
incur significant additional costs.  Current compliance strategies may
not successfully address the relevant standards and interpretations of the
future.

Failure
to retain and attract key skilled professional and technical employees could
have an adverse effect on operations.

The ability of each of PHI and its
subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, to implement its business strategy
is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees.
 Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability
to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect the company’s
business, operations and financial condition.

PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses are highly competitive.  (PHI
only)

The unregulated energy generation,
supply and marketing businesses primarily in the mid-Atlantic region are
characterized by intense competition at both the wholesale and retail
levels.  PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses compete with numerous
non-utility generators,

 24

independent
power producers, wholesale and retail energy marketers, and traditional
utilities.  This competition generally has the effect of reducing
margins and requires a continual focus on controlling costs.

PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses rely on some generation, transmission, storage,
and distribution assets that they do not own or control to deliver wholesale and
retail electricity and natural gas and to obtain fuel for their generation
facilities.  (PHI only)

PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses
depend on electric generation and transmission facilities, natural gas
pipelines, and natural gas storage facilities owned and operated by
others.  The operation of their generation facilities also depends on
coal, natural gas or diesel fuel supplied by others.  If electric
generation or transmission, natural gas pipelines, or natural gas storage are
disrupted or capacity is inadequate or unavailable, the Competitive Energy
businesses’ ability to buy and receive and/or sell and deliver wholesale and
retail power and natural gas, and therefore to fulfill their contractual
obligations, could be adversely affected.  Similarly, if the fuel
supply to one or more of their generation plants is disrupted and storage or
other alternative sources of supply are not available, the Competitive Energy
businesses’ ability to operate their generating facilities could be adversely
affected.

Changes
in technology may adversely affect the Power Delivery business and the
Competitive Energy businesses.

Research and development activities are
ongoing to improve alternative technologies to produce electricity, including
fuel cells, wind energy, micro turbines and photovoltaic (solar)
cells.  It is possible that advances in these or other alternative
technologies will reduce the costs of electricity production from these
technologies, thereby making the generating facilities of the Competitive Energy
businesses less competitive.  In addition, increased conservation
efforts and advances in technology could reduce demand for electricity supply
and distribution, which could adversely affect the Power Delivery businesses of
Pepco, DPL and ACE and the Competitive Energy businesses.  Changes in
technology also could alter the channels through which retail electricity is
distributed to customers which could adversely affect the Power Delivery
businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE.

PHI’s
risk management procedures may not prevent losses in the operation of its
Competitive Energy businesses.  (PHI only)

The operations of PHI’s Competitive
Energy businesses are conducted in accordance with sophisticated risk management
systems that are designed to quantify risk.  However, actual results
sometimes deviate from modeled expectations.  In particular, risks in
PHI’s energy commodity activities are measured and monitored utilizing
value-at-risk models to determine the effects of potential one-day favorable or
unfavorable price movements.  These estimates are based on historical
price volatility and assume a normal distribution of price changes and a 95%
probability of occurrence.  Consequently, if prices significantly
deviate from historical prices, PHI’s risk management systems, including
assumptions supporting risk limits, may not protect PHI from significant
losses.  In addition, adverse changes in energy prices may result in
economic losses in PHI’s earnings and cash flows and reductions in the value of
assets on its balance sheet under applicable accounting rules.

 25

The
commodity hedging procedures used by the Competitive Energy businesses may not
protect them from significant losses caused by volatile commodity
prices.  (PHI only)

To lower the financial exposure related
to commodity price fluctuations, PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses routinely
enter into contracts to hedge the value of their assets and operations. As part
of this strategy, PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses utilize fixed-price,
forward, physical purchase and sales contracts, tolling agreements, futures,
financial swaps and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or
on exchanges.  Each of these various hedge instruments can present a
unique set of risks in its application to PHI’s energy assets.  PHI
must apply judgment in determining the application and effectiveness of each
hedge instrument.  Changes in accounting rules, or revised
interpretations to existing rules, may cause hedges to be deemed ineffective as
an accounting matter.  This could have material earnings implications
for the period or periods in question.  Conectiv Energy’s objective is
to hedge a portion of the expected power output of its generation facilities and
the costs of fuel used to operate those facilities so it is not completely
exposed to energy price movements.  Hedge targets are approved by
PHI’s Corporate Risk Management Committee and may change from time to time based
on market conditions.  Conectiv Energy generally establishes hedge
targets annually for the next three succeeding 12-month
periods.  Within a given 12-month horizon, the actual hedged
positioning in any month may be outside of the targeted range, even if the
average for a 12-month period falls within the stated
range.  Management exercises judgment in determining which months
present the most significant risk, or opportunity, and hedge levels are adjusted
accordingly.  Since energy markets can move significantly in a short
period of time, hedge levels may also be adjusted to reflect revised
assumptions.  Such factors may include, but are not limited to,
changes in projected plant output, revisions to fuel requirements, transmission
constraints, prices of alternate fuels, and improving or deteriorating supply
and demand conditions.  In addition, short-term occurrences, such as
abnormal weather, operational events, or intra-month commodity price volatility
may also cause the actual level of hedging coverage to vary from the established
hedge targets.  These events can cause fluctuations in PHI’s earnings
from period to period.  Due to the high heat rate of the Pepco Energy
Services generating facilities, Pepco Energy Services generally does not enter
into wholesale contracts to lock in the forward value of its
plants.  To the extent that PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses have
unhedged positions or their hedging procedures do not work as planned,
fluctuating commodity prices could result in significant
losses.  Conversely, by engaging in hedging activities, PHI may not
realize gains that otherwise could result from fluctuating commodity
prices.

The
operations of the Competitive Energy businesses can give rise to significant
collateral requirements.  The inability to fund those requirements may
prevent the businesses from hedging associated price risks or may require
curtailment of their operations. (PHI only)

A substantial portion of Pepco Energy
Services’ business is the sale of electricity and natural gas to retail
customers.  In conducting this business Pepco Energy Services
typically enters into electricity and natural gas sale contracts under which it
is committed to supply the electricity or natural gas requirements of its retail
customers over a specified period at agreed upon prices.  To acquire
this energy, Pepco Energy Services enters into wholesale purchase contracts for
electricity and natural gas.  These contracts typically impose
collateral requirements on each party designed to protect the other party
against the risk of nonperformance between the date the contract is entered into
and the date the energy is paid for.  The collateral required to be
posted can be of varying forms, including cash, letters of credit and
guarantees.  When energy market prices decrease relative to the
supplier contract prices, Pepco Energy Service’s collateral

 26

obligations
increase.  In addition, Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services each
enter into contracts to buy and sell electricity, various fuels, and related
products, including derivative instruments, to reduce its financial exposure to
changes in the value of its assets and obligations due to energy price
fluctuations.  These contracts usually require the posting of
collateral.  Under various contracts entered into by both businesses,
the required collateral is provided in the form of an investment grade guaranty
issued by PHI.  Under these contracts, a reduction in PHI’s credit
rating can also trigger a requirement to post additional
collateral.  To satisfy these obligations when required, PHI and its
non-utility subsidiaries rely primarily on cash balances, access to the capital
markets and existing credit facilities.

Particularly
in periods of energy market price volatility, the collateral obligations
associated with the Competitive Energy businesses can be substantial. These
collateral demands negatively affect PHI’s liquidity by requiring PHI to draw on
its capacity under its credit facilities and other financing
sources.  The inability of PHI to maintain the necessary liquidity
also could have an adverse effect on PHI’s results of operations and financial
condition by requiring the Competitive Energy businesses to forego new business
opportunities, by requiring the businesses to curtail their hedging activity,
thereby increasing their exposure to energy market price changes or by rendering
them unable to meet their collateral obligations to counterparties.

PHI
and its subsidiaries have significant exposure to counterparty risk. (PHI
only)

Both
Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services enter into transactions with numerous
counterparties.  These include both commercial transactions for the
purchase and sale of electricity and natural gas and derivative and other
transactions to manage the risk of commodity price
fluctuations.  Under these arrangements, the Competitive Energy
businesses are exposed to the risk that the counterparty may fail to perform its
obligation to make or take delivery under the contract, fail to make a required
payment or fail to return collateral posted by the Competitive Energy businesses
when no longer required.  Under many of these contracts,
Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services are entitled to receive collateral or
other types of performance assurance from the counterparty, which may be in the
form of cash, letters of credit or parent guarantees, to protect against
performance and credit risk.  Even where collateral is provided,
capital market disruptions can prevent the counterparty from meeting its
collateral obligations or could degrade the value of letters of credit and
guarantees as a result of the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or
guarantor.  In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty, bankruptcy
law, in some circumstances, could require Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy
Services to surrender collateral held or payments received.  In
addition, Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services are participants in the
wholesale electric markets administered by various independent system operators
(ISOs), and in particular PJM.  If an ISO incurs losses due to
counterparty nonperformance, those losses are allocated to and borne by other
market participants in the ISO.  Such defaults could adversely affect
PHI’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition.  These
risks are increased during periods of significant commodity price fluctuations,
tightened credit and ratings downgrades.

Business
operations could be adversely affected by terrorism.

The threat of, or actual acts of,
terrorism may affect the operations of PHI or any of its subsidiaries in
unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the insurance markets, force an
increase in security measures and cause disruptions of fuel supplies and
markets.  If any of its

 27

infrastructure
facilities, such as its electric generation, fuel storage, transmission or
distribution facilities, were to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of
an act of terrorism, the operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely
affected.  Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a
result of terrorism also could adversely affect the ability to raise needed
capital.

Insurance
coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty losses that the companies
might incur.

PHI and its subsidiaries, including
Pepco, DPL and ACE, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and
operations in amounts and with deductibles that they consider
appropriate.  However, there is no assurance that such insurance
coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable
terms.  In addition, some risks, such as weather related casualties,
may not be insurable.  In the case of loss or damage to property,
plant or equipment, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds, if any,
received will be sufficient to cover the entire cost of replacement or
repair.

Revenues,
profits and cash flows may be adversely affected by economic
conditions.

Periods of slowed economic activity
generally result in decreased demand for power, particularly by industrial and
large commercial customers.  As a consequence, recessions or other
downturns in the economy may result in decreased revenues and cash flows for the
Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE and the Competitive Energy
businesses.

The
IRS challenge to cross-border energy sale and lease-back transactions entered
into by a PHI subsidiary could result in loss of prior and future tax benefits.
(PHI only)

PCI
maintains a portfolio of eight cross-border energy lease investments, which as
of December 31, 2008, had an equity value of approximately $1.3 billion and from
which PHI currently derives approximately $56 million per year in tax benefits
in the form of interest and depreciation deductions in excess of rental
income.  In 2005, the Treasury Department and IRS issued a notice
identifying sale-leaseback transactions with certain attributes entered into
with tax-indifferent parties as tax avoidance transactions, and the IRS
announced its intention to disallow the associated tax benefits claimed by the
investors in these transactions.  PHI’s cross-border energy lease
investments, each of which is with a tax-indifferent party, have been under
examination by the IRS as part of the normal PHI federal income tax
audits.  In connection with the audit of PHI’s 2001 and 2002 income
tax returns, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in
excess of rental income claimed by PHI with respect to six of its cross-border
energy lease investments.  In addition, the IRS has sought to
recharacterize the leases as loan transactions as to which PHI would be subject
to original issue discount income.

PHI believes that its tax position with
regard to its cross-border energy lease investments is appropriate based on
applicable statutes, regulations and case law and is protesting the IRS
adjustments and the unresolved audit issues have been forwarded to the Appeals
Office of the IRS.  In the event that PHI were not to prevail and were
to suffer a total disallowance of the tax benefits and incur imputed original
issue discount income due to the recharacterization of the leases as loans, as
of December 31, 2008, PHI would have been obligated to pay approximately $520
million in additional federal and state taxes and $83 million of
interest.  In addition, the IRS could require PHI to pay a penalty of
up to 20% on the amount of additional taxes due. PHI

 28

anticipates,
however  that any additional taxes that it would be required to pay as
a result of the disallowance of prior deductions or a recharacterization of
leases as loans would be recoverable in the form of lower taxes over the
remaining term of the investments.

For further discussion of this matter
see Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Regulatory and Other Matters — Federal Tax Treatment of
Cross-Border Leases” of this Form 10-K.

PHI
and its subsidiaries are dependent on their ability to successfully access
capital markets.  An inability to access capital may adversely affect
their businesses.

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE all rely on
access to both short-term money markets and long-term capital markets as sources
of liquidity and to satisfy their capital requirements that are not met by cash
flow from their operations.  Capital market disruptions, or a
downgrade in their respective credit ratings, could increase the cost of
borrowing or could prevent the companies from accessing one or more financial
markets.  Factors that could affect the ability of PHI and its
subsidiaries to access one or more financial markets could include, but are not
limited to:

·

recession
or an economic slowdown;

·

the
bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial
institutions;

·

significant
changes in energy prices;

·

a
terrorist attack or threatened attacks; or

·

a
significant transmission failure.

In accordance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC rules thereunder, PHI’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial
reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these
controls.  The inability to certify the effectiveness of these
controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these
controls also could increase financing costs or could adversely affect the
ability to access one or more financial markets.

The
funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan
obligations is based on assumptions regarding the valuation of future benefit
obligations and the performance of plan assets.  If market performance
decreases plan assets or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of
benefit obligations increase our liabilities, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may be
required to make significant unplanned cash contributions to fund these
plans.

PHI holds
assets in trust to meet its obligations under the PHI Retirement Plan (a defined
benefit pension plan) and its postretirement benefit plan.  The
amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which
Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are determined based on
assumptions made as to the valuation of future benefit obligations, and the
investment performance of the plan assets.  Accordingly, the
performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan
assets.  A decline in the market value of plan

 29

assets
may increase the plan funding requirements to meet the future benefit
obligations.  In addition, changes in interest rates affect the
valuation of the liabilities of the plans.  As interest rates
decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional
funding.  Demographic changes, such as a change in the expected timing
of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may increase the
funding requirements of the plans.  A need for significant additional
funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the cash flow of
PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE.  Future increases in pension plan and other
post-retirement plan costs, to the extent they are not recoverable in the base
rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on
results of operations and financial condition of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE.

PHI’s
cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to satisfy debt obligations
depend on the performance of its operating subsidiaries.  PHI’s
unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities and the
outstanding preferred stock of its subsidiaries.  (PHI
only)

PHI is a holding company that conducts
its operations entirely through its subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated
operating assets are held by its subsidiaries.  Accordingly, PHI’s
cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability
to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of the
subsidiaries and the distribution of such earnings to PHI in the form of
dividends.  The subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no
obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity securities issued by PHI
or to make any funds available for such payment.  Because the claims
of the creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries and the preferred stockholders of ACE are
superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations
of PHI are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of
its subsidiaries and to the rights of the holders of ACE’s preferred stock to
receive dividend payments.

Energy
companies are subject to adverse publicity which makes them vulnerable to
negative regulatory and litigation outcomes.

The energy sector has been among the
sectors of the economy that have been the subject of highly publicized
allegations of misconduct in recent years.  In addition, many utility
companies have been publicly criticized for their performance during natural
disasters and weather related incidents.  Adverse publicity of this
nature may render legislatures, regulatory authorities, and other government
officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries
in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible
to adverse outcomes with respect to decisions by such bodies.

Provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage an acquisition of
PHI.  (PHI only)

As a Delaware corporation, PHI is
subject to the business combination law set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying, discouraging
or preventing an acquisition of PHI.

 30

Because
Pepco is a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, and each of DPL and ACE is an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, PHI can exercise substantial control
over their dividend policies and businesses and operations.  (Pepco,
DPL and ACE only)

All of the members of each of Pepco’s,
DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s
executive officers, are officers of PHI or an affiliate of PHI.  Among
other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board is responsible for
decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising
activities, and acquisition and disposition of assets.  Within the
limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each
company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and
ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning the amount and
timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on the company’s respective
earnings, cash flow and capital structure, but may also take into account the
business plans and financial requirements of PHI and its other
subsidiaries.