The businesses of
each Reporting Company are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the events or conditions identified below. The occurrence of one or more of these events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or more
of the Reporting Companies, including, depending on the circumstances, its financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Unless otherwise noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each Reporting Company. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation which may significantly affect their operations. PHI’s utility
subsidiaries may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these requirements. 

The regulated utilities
that comprise Power Delivery are subject to extensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by the state agencies for each service territory in which it operates, with respect to,
among other things, the manner in which utility service is provided to customers, as well as rates it can charge customers for the distribution and supply of electricity (and, additionally for DPL, the distribution and supply of natural gas). NERC
has also established, and FERC has approved, reliability standards with regard to the bulk power system that impose certain operating, planning and cyber security requirements on Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services. Further, FERC regulates the
electricity transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE. 

Approval of these regulators is required in connection with changes in rates and
other aspects of the utilities’ operations. These regulatory authorities, and NERC with respect to electric reliability, are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions against the utilities for non-compliance with
certain rules and regulations. In this regard, in December 2011, the MPSC sanctioned Pepco related to its reliability in connection with major storm events that occurred in July and August 2010. These sanctions included imposing a fine on Pepco and
requiring Pepco to file a work plan detailing, among other things, its reliability improvement objectives and progress in meeting those objectives, while raising the possibility of additional fines or cost recovery disallowances for failing to meet
those objectives. The MPSC also stated that it would consider in Pepco’s latest Maryland retail base rate case the potential disallowance of the recovery of costs which may be determined to have been imprudently incurred. In this base rate
case, the MPSC set rates at a level that was not adequate to recover costs that Pepco will incur during the period the rates are in effect. 

NERC’s eight regional oversight entities, including RFC, of which Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services are members, and NPCC, of which Pepco
Energy Services is a member, are charged with the day-to-day implementation and enforcement of NERC’s standards. RFC and NPCC perform compliance audits on entities registered with NERC based on reliability standards and criteria established by
NERC. NERC, RFC and NPCC also conduct compliance investigations in response to a system disturbance, complaint, or possible violation of a reliability standard identified by other means. Pepco, DPL, ACE and

24 

Table of Contents

Pepco Energy Services are subject to routine audits and monitoring with respect to compliance with applicable NERC reliability standards, including standards requested by FERC to increase the
number of assets (including cyber security assets) subject to NERC cyber security standards that are designated as “critical assets.” From time to time, Pepco, DPL and ACE have entered into settlement agreements with RFC resolving alleged
violations and resulting in fines. There can be no assurance that additional settlements resolving issues related to RFC or NPCC requirements will not occur in the future. The imposition of additional sanctions and civil fines by these enforcement
entities could have a material adverse effect on a Reporting Company’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries, as well as Pepco Energy Services, are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from
governmental agencies that regulate their businesses. Although PHI believes that each of its subsidiaries has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary
for its existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, PHI is unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on its business. Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or
regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its operations. 

PHI’s profitability is largely dependent on its ability to recover costs of providing utility services to its customers and to earn an adequate
return on its capital investments. The failure of PHI to obtain timely recognition of costs in its rates may have a negative effect on PHI’s results of operations and financial condition. 

The public service commissions which regulate PHI’s utility subsidiaries establish utility rates and tariffs intended to provide the utility the
opportunity to obtain revenues sufficient to recover its prudently incurred costs, together with a reasonable return on investor supplied capital. These regulatory authorities also determine how Pepco, ACE and DPL recover from their customers
purchased power and natural gas and other operating costs, including transmission and other costs. The utilities cannot change their rates without approval by the applicable regulatory authority. There can be no assurance that the regulatory
authorities will consider all costs to have been prudently incurred, nor can there be any assurance that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full and timely recovery of costs or a just and
reasonable rate of return on investments. In addition, if the costs incurred by any of the utilities in operating its business exceed the amounts on which its approved rates are based, the financial results of that utility, and correspondingly PHI,
may be adversely affected. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries are also exposed to “regulatory lag,” which refers to a shortfall in
revenues due to the delay in time or “lag” between when costs are incurred and when they are reflected in rates. All of PHI’s utilities are currently experiencing significant regulatory lag because their investment in the rate base
and their operating expenses are outpacing revenue growth. PHI anticipates that this trend will continue for the foreseeable future. The failure to timely recognize costs in rates could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s and each utility
subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

In recent rate cases, Pepco (in the District of
Columbia and Maryland), DPL (in Maryland and Delaware) and ACE (in New Jersey) have proposed mechanisms that would track reliability and other expenses and permit each utility to make adjustments in its approved rates to account for prudent
investments as made, thereby seeking to reduce the magnitude of regulatory lag. However, the MPSC and the DCPSC did not approve in substantial part requests by Pepco (in Maryland and the District of Columbia) and DPL (in Maryland) to implement
regulatory lag mitigation mechanisms. In Delaware, a settlement agreement approved by the DPSC in DPL’s electric distribution base rate case did not include these mechanisms, but it did provide that the parties will meet and discuss alternate
regulatory methodologies for the mitigation of regulatory lag. In New Jersey, the NJBPU has previously approved a similar mechanism; however, ACE agreed as part of the settlement of its electric distribution base rate case to withdraw without

25 

Table of Contents

prejudice its filing with the NJBPU to extend and expand that previously approved mechanism. There can be no assurance that any of the outstanding proposals or any other attempts by Pepco, DPL
and ACE to mitigate regulatory lag will be approved, or that even if approved, the rate recovery mechanisms will fully mitigate the effects of regulatory lag. If necessary to address in whole or in part the problem of regulatory lag, each utility
can file (and each utility presently intends to file) base rate cases annually (or even more frequently) to seek to align its revenue and related cash flow levels allowed by the applicable public service commissions with operation and maintenance
spending and capital investments. The inability of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to obtain relief from the impact of regulatory lag through base rate cases or otherwise may have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations, cash flow
and financial condition of PHI and each utility subsidiary. 

The operating results of Power Delivery and the retail energy supply business
of Pepco Energy Services fluctuate on a seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by changes in weather. 

The Power Delivery business
historically has been seasonal and, as a result, weather has had a material impact on its operating performance. Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is
generally higher in the winter months associated with heating as compared to other times of the year. Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer in the winter and
cooler in the summer. In addition, severe weather conditions can produce storms that cause extensive damage to the transmission and distribution systems, as well as related facilities, that can require the utilities to incur additional operation and
maintenance expense, as well as capital expenditures. These additional costs can be significant and the rates charged to customers may not always be timely or adequately adjusted to reflect these higher costs. 

In the District of Columbia and Maryland, Pepco and DPL are subject to a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism applicable to retail customers, which
decouples distribution revenue for a given reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. The bill stabilization mechanism has the effect in those jurisdictions of reducing the impact of changes in the use of electricity by
retail customers due to weather conditions or for other reasons on reported distribution revenue and income. A comparable revenue decoupling mechanism for DPL electricity and natural gas customers in Delaware is under consideration by the DPSC. In
those jurisdictions that have not adopted a bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanism, operating results continue to be affected by weather conditions. 

The retail energy supply business of Pepco Energy Services, the wind-down of which is expected to be completed at the latest in 2014, generally produces higher gross margins when temperatures are colder
than normal in winter or warmer than normal in summer, and less gross margin when weather conditions are milder than normal in the winter and cooler than normal in the summer. The energy services business of Pepco Energy Services, which includes
providing energy savings performance contracting services principally to federal, state and local government customers, and designing, constructing and operating combined heat and power energy plants for customers, is not seasonal. 

Facilities may not operate as planned or may require significant capital or operation and maintenance expenditures, which could decrease revenues or
increase expenses. 

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE transmission and distribution facilities involves many risks, including the
breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, labor disputes, theft of copper wire or pipe, scams, failure of software or hardware, and performance below expected levels. Older facilities and equipment, even if maintained in accordance with sound
engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures for additions or upgrades to provide reliable operations or to comply with changing environmental requirements. Thefts of copper wire or pipe, which seek to capitalize on the
current high market price of copper, increase the likelihood of poor system voltage control, electricity and streetlight outages, damage to equipment and property, and injury or death, as well as increasing the likelihood of damage to fuel lines,
which can create an unsafe and potentially explosive condition. Natural disasters and weather, 

26 

Table of Contents

including tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt transmission and distribution systems. Disruption of the operation of transmission or distribution facilities can reduce
revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance. 

PHI is
replacing customers’ existing electric and gas meters with an AMI system. In addition to the replacement of existing meters, the AMI system involves the construction of a wireless network across the service territories of PHI’s utility
subsidiaries and the implementation and integration of new and existing information technology systems to collect and manage data made available by the advanced meters. The implementation of the AMI system involves a combination of technologies
provided by multiple vendors. If the AMI system results in lower than projected performance, PHI’s utility subsidiaries could experience higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures. 

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions.

Utility companies, including PHI’s utility subsidiaries, have a large consumer customer base and as a result have been the subject
of public criticism focused on the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to outages caused by storm damage or other unanticipated events. Adverse publicity of this nature may render
legislatures, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible
to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes or increased regulatory oversight. Unfavorable regulatory outcomes can include more stringent laws and regulations governing PHI’s operations, such as reliability and customer service
quality standards or vegetation management requirements, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. The imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on PHI’s and each utility subsidiary’s
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Unfavorable regulatory developments and compliance with new or
enhanced regulatory requirements will subject PHI’s utility subsidiaries to higher operating costs. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries
are subject to and will continue to be subject to changing regulatory requirements, including those related to reliability and customer service, in the various jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, the MPSC has adopted new rules (which
became effective in May 2012), establishing reliability and customer service regulations. Furthermore, in its most recent electric distribution base rate case filing, Pepco has proposed (subject to MPSC review and approval) a reliability
performance-based mechanism that would allow Pepco to earn up to $1 million as an incentive for meeting enhanced reliability goals in 2015, but provides a credit to customers of up to $1 million in total if Pepco does not meet at least the minimum
targets. 

In addition, in July 2011, the DCPSC adopted regulations that establish specific maximum outage frequency and outage duration levels
beginning in 2013 and continuing through 2020 and thereafter and are intended to require Pepco to achieve a reliability level in the first quartile of all utilities in the nation by 2020. Pepco believes that the DCPSC’s standards are achievable
in the short term, but believes that the standards may not be realistically achievable at an acceptable cost over the longer term. The reliability standards permit Pepco to petition the DCPSC to reevaluate these standards for the period from 2016 to
2020 to address feasibility and cost issues. 

Each of Pepco and DPL expect that it will have to incur significant operating and maintenance
and capital expenses to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, each of Pepco and DPL would be subject to civil penalties or other sanctions if it does not meet the required performance or reliability standards. Other jurisdictions in which
PHI’s utility subsidiaries have operations have reliability and customer service 

27 

Table of Contents

quality standards, the violation of which could also result in the imposition of penalties, fines and other sanctions. Compliance, and any failure to comply, with current, proposed or future
regulatory requirements may have a material adverse effect on PHI and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

A recent case law decision involving lease transactions could impact our ongoing litigation against the IRS involving certain cross-border energy lease investments, could cause us to seek to unwind
those lease investments, which may have a material negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. (PHI only) 

PCI
maintains a portfolio of cross-border energy lease investments involving public utility assets located outside of the United States, which as of December 31, 2012, had a net investment value of approximately $1.2 billion and from which PHI currently
derives approximately $43 million per year in tax benefits in the form of interest and depreciation deductions in excess of rental income. PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments, each of which is with a tax-indifferent party, have been
under examination by the IRS as part of normal PHI federal income tax audits. In connection with the audits of PHI’s federal income tax returns from 2001 to 2008, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in excess of rental
income claimed by PHI with respect to its cross-border energy lease investments. In addition, the IRS has sought to recharacterize the leases as loan transactions. PHI commenced litigation in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims in January 2012 to
review certain tax benefits claimed by PHI on its federal tax returns for 2001 and 2002. 

On January 9, 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Federal Circuit issued an opinion in Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. & Subsidiaries v. United States (to which PHI is not a party) that disallowed tax benefits associated with a lease-in, lease-out transaction. Under
applicable accounting standards, the financial statement recognition of the tax benefits of PHI’s uncertain tax position associated with the cross-border energy lease investments is permitted only if it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained. Further, the carrying value of the cross-border energy lease investments must be recalculated if there is a change or a projected change in the timing of the estimated tax benefits generated from these investments. 

After analyzing the Consolidated Edison ruling, PHI has determined that its tax position with respect to the tax benefits associated with the
cross-border energy leases no longer meets the more-likely-than-not standard of recognition for accounting purposes. Accordingly, PHI expects to record a non-cash charge of between $355 million and $380 million (after-tax) in the first quarter of
2013, consisting of a charge to reduce the carrying value of the cross-border energy lease investments and a charge to reflect the anticipated additional interest expense related to changes in its estimated federal and state income tax obligations
for the period over which the tax benefits may be disallowed. 

After accounting for certain tax benefits arising from matters unrelated to
these lease investments, PHI estimates that it would be obligated to pay between $170 million and $200 million in additional federal and state taxes and between $50 million and $60 million of interest on the additional federal and state taxes as of
March 31, 2013. While PHI presently believes that it is more likely than not that no penalty will be incurred, the IRS could require PHI to pay a penalty of up to 20% of the amount of additional taxes due. PHI continues to weigh its options with
respect to its litigation with the IRS. 

PHI is also evaluating the liquidation of all or a portion of its remaining cross-border energy lease
investments. While PHI estimates that a complete liquidation could be accomplished within one year, the liquidation of any of the lease investments would generally require the consent of the counterparty to that lease investment, and negotiations
with the respective lessee or a purchaser of the lease investment may take longer than anticipated. PHI is unable to presently estimate the amount of proceeds that would be realized upon the liquidation of the lease portfolio in whole or in part.
Furthermore, even if PHI is able to successfully liquidate a lease investment, it may incur losses and additional earnings charges if the net proceeds from such liquidation were less than the then carrying value of the liquidated lease investment.
As a result of these and other uncertainties, the aggregate financial impact of a partial or complete liquidation of the lease investments by PHI cannot be presently determined at this time, but PHI believes that any such impact on PHI’s
consolidated results of operations and financial condition may be material. 

28 

Table of Contents

The transmission facilities of Power Delivery are interconnected with the facilities of other
transmission facility owners. Failures of neighboring transmission systems could have a negative impact on Power Delivery’s operations. 

The electricity transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid. Pepco,
DPL and ACE are members of the PJM RTO, a regional transmission organization that operates the portion of the interstate transmission grid that includes the PHI transmission facilities. Although PJM’s systems and operations are designed to
ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions originating at other
utilities will not cause interruptions in the Pepco, DPL or ACE service territories. Thus, due to the interconnected nature of the grid, an outage in a neighboring utility could trigger a system outage in either Pepco, DPL or ACE. If Pepco, DPL or
ACE were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on its and PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Changes in technology and conservation measures may adversely affect Power Delivery. 

Increased conservation and end-user generation made possible through advances in technology could reduce demand for the transmission and distribution
facilities of Power Delivery and adversely affect PHI and one or more of its utility subsidiaries. Alternative technologies to produce electricity, the development of which has expanded due to climate change and other environmental concerns, could
ultimately provide alternative sources of electricity. As these new technologies are developed and become available, the quantity and pattern of electricity usage by customers could decline, which could have a negative impact on the business,
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of PHI or its utility subsidiaries. 

The cost of compliance with environmental
laws is significant and implementation of new and existing environmental laws may increase operating costs. 

The operations of PHI’s
subsidiaries are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resource protection, site remediation and health and safety. These
laws and regulations may require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation, complete environmental studies and perform environmental monitoring. If a company
fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to
achieve compliance. 

In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses,
inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted or
subjected to additional costs. 

Failure to retain and attract key skilled and properly motivated professional and technical employees could
have an adverse effect on operations. 

PHI and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued
operation of sophisticated systems and technology. One of the challenges they face in implementing their business strategy is to attract, motivate and retain a skilled, efficient and cost-effective workforce while recruiting new talent to replace
losses in knowledge and skills due to retirements. Over the course of the next three years, PHI estimates that approximately one-third of this skilled workforce will reach retirement age. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and
the inability to attract and retain these employees, especially as existing skilled workers retire in the near future, could adversely affect the business, operations and financial condition of PHI or the affected company. 

29 

Table of Contents

PHI’s subsidiaries are subject to collective bargaining agreements that could impact their business
and operations. 

As of December 31, 2012, 54% of employees of PHI and its subsidiaries, collectively, were represented by various
labor unions. PHI’s subsidiaries are parties to five collective bargaining agreements with four local unions that represent these employees. Collective bargaining agreements are generally renegotiated every three to five years, and the risk
exists that there could be a work stoppage after expiration of an agreement until a new collective bargaining agreement has been reached. Labor negotiations typically involve bargaining over wages, benefits and working conditions, including
management rights. PHI’s last work stoppage, a two-week strike by DPL’s employees, occurred in 2010. During that strike, DPL used management and contractor employees to maintain essential operations. 

One of the collective bargaining agreements to which PHI’s subsidiaries are a party was set to expire on February 1, 2013 and a second
agreement will expire on June 25, 2013. The parties amended the agreement that was to expire in February to extend its expiration date, which is now currently March 1, 2013. Further extensions of this expiration date may be possible.
Though PHI believes that a protracted work stoppage is unlikely, such an event could result in a disruption of the operations of the affected utility, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect upon the business, results of operations,
cash flow and financial condition of the affected utility and PHI. 

The energy services business of Pepco Energy Services is highly
competitive and is exposed to customer concentration. (PHI only) 

Unlike PHI’s regulated business, Pepco Energy Services’
business is highly competitive and is not assured a rate of return on capital investments through a predetermined rate structure. This competition puts downward pressure on margins and increases costs. The energy services business is impacted by new
entrants into the market, energy prices, and general economic conditions. These factors may negatively impact Pepco Energy Services’ ability to market its services to new customers, or renew existing contracts, as well as the prices Pepco
Energy Services may charge. 

Among the factors on which the energy services business competes are the amount and duration of the guarantees
provided in energy savings performance contracts. In connection with many of its energy savings performance installation projects, Pepco Energy Services guarantees a minimum level of annual energy cost savings over a period typically up to 15 years.
Currently, Pepco Energy Services does not insure against this risk, and accordingly could suffer financial losses if a project does not achieve the guaranteed level of performance. 

Under the Budget Control Act of 2011, mandatory federal spending cuts, or “sequestration,” becomes effective for years 2013 through 2021 unless Congress agrees to a deficit reduction plan. In
January 2013, Congress passed, and the President signed, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that addressed rising federal income tax rates that would have taken effect on January 1, 2013. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 does not
address spending issues or sequestration issues that Congress intends to address later in 2013. Substantial Federal spending cuts could make it more difficult for Pepco Energy Services to enter into new energy services performance contracts with
Federal, state and local government agencies and thus could have a material adverse effect on the energy savings performance services business of Pepco Energy Services. 

In addition, revenues associated with Pepco Energy Services’ combined heat and power generating plant in Atlantic City, New Jersey are concentrated with a few major customers in the hotel and casino
industry. Pepco Energy Services has long-term contracts with these customers, and for the largest customer, the contracts expire in 2017. Pepco Energy Services is exposed to the risk that it is not able to renew these contracts or that the contract
counterparties fail to perform, and in either case, Pepco Energy Services’ results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

30 

Table of Contents

Under its energy savings performance contracts, Pepco Energy Services is responsible for maintaining,
repairing and replacing energy equipment, which obligations may require Pepco Energy Services to incur significant costs many years after an installation of a project is completed. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services owns energy equipment and is also responsible for operating and maintaining additional energy equipment that it does not own. In
addition, it is generally Pepco Energy Services’ responsibility to repair or replace this energy equipment in the event of a failure. These equipment maintenance, repair and replacement obligations could adversely affect PHI’s results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The inability of Pepco Energy Services to perform its obligations in connection with its
energy services construction projects may have a material adverse effect on PHI. (PHI only) 

Projects undertaken by Pepco Energy Services
include design, construction, startup and testing activities related to combined heat and power and other energy facilities, pursuant to guaranteed maximum price or fixed-price contracts. Pepco Energy Services will generally secure commitments from
subcontractors and vendors to perform within contract pricing commitments, equipment-performance standards, jobsite safety requirements, and other key parameters. Ultimately, however, Pepco Energy Services will bear responsibility in the event of
unexcused failures by these subcontractors and vendors, as well as other third parties, to perform in accordance with the terms of these contracts or otherwise pursuant to the expectations of the parties. When such events occur, Pepco Energy
Services may experience reputational harm and claims for money damages and other relief, which could, depending upon the cause and severity of the failure of performance, adversely affect PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and
financial condition. 

If PHI is not successful in mitigating the risks inherent in its business, its operations could be adversely
affected. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are faced with a number of different types of risk. PHI confronts legislative, regulatory policy,
compliance and other risks, including: 

•

 our inability to timely recover capital and operating costs, which may result in a shortfall in revenues; 

•

 resource planning and other long-term planning risks, including resource acquisition risks, which may hinder our ability to maintain adequate
resources; 

•

 financial risks, including credit, interest rate and capital market risks, which could increase the cost of capital or make raising capital more
difficult; and 

•

 macroeconomic risks, including risks related to economic conditions and changes in demand for electricity and natural gas in the service territories of
PHI’s utility subsidiaries, as well as with respect to Pepco Energy Services’ business, which could negatively impact the operations of the affected business. 

PHI management seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation of PHI’s business strategy through its established risk mitigation process, which includes adherence to PHI’s business
policies and other compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and groups, and overall business management. PHI management is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risks, and developing risk-management
strategies, while the Board of Directors and its various committees oversee the assessment, management and mitigation of risk. However, there can be no assurance these risk mitigation efforts will adequately address all such risks or that such
efforts will be successful. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are exposed to contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their
operations. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are subject to a number of contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their operations.
For example, Pepco Energy Services has entered into commercial transactions for the purchase and sale of electricity and natural gas, as well as derivative and other transactions to manage the risk of commodity price fluctuations. Under these
arrangements, Pepco Energy Services is exposed to the 

31 

Table of Contents

risk that the counterparty may fail to perform its obligation to make or take delivery under the contract, fail to make a required payment or fail to return collateral posted by Pepco Energy
Services when the counterparty is required to do so. In addition, PHI’s PCI subsidiary has entered into several cross-border energy lease investments located outside the United States. Under these leases, PCI is exposed to the risk that the
counterparty may fail to make lease payments on time or at all. 

Many of these contracts provide for PHI or a subsidiary to receive collateral
or other types of performance assurance from the counterparty, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit or parent guarantees, to protect against performance and credit risk. Even where collateral is provided, capital market disruptions
can prevent the counterparty from meeting its collateral obligations or degrade the value of letters of credit and guarantees as a result of the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or guarantor. In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty
to any contract to which PHI or any of its subsidiaries is a party, bankruptcy law, in some circumstances, could require the surrender of collateral held or payments received. In the case of PCI, the fact that the counterparties are located outside
the United States could make it more difficult for PCI to seek redress or obtain a judgment or compensation against a foreign counterparty for any breach of the lease agreement by that counterparty. 

Business operations could be adversely affected by terrorism and cyber attacks. 

The threat of, or actual acts of, terrorism may affect the operations of PHI and its subsidiaries in unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the insurance markets, force an increase in security
measures and cause electrical disruptions or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, including natural gas. Utility industry operations require the continued deployment and utilization of sophisticated information technology systems and network
infrastructure. While PHI has implemented protective measures designed to mitigate its vulnerability to physical and cyber threats and attacks, such protective measures, and technology systems generally, are vulnerable to disability or failure due
to cyber attack, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. As a result, there can be no assurance that such protective measures will be completely effective in protecting PHI’s infrastructure or assets from a physical or cyber attack or the
effects thereof. If any of Pepco’s, DPL’s or ACE’s infrastructure facilities, including their transmission or distribution facilities, were to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of an act of terrorism, the operations of PHI,
Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely affected. Furthermore, any threats or actions that negatively impact the physical security of PHI’s and its subsidiaries’ facilities, or the integrity or security of their computer networks and systems
(and any programs or data stored thereon or therein), could adversely affect PHI’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to manage these facilities, networks, systems, programs and data efficiently or effectively, which in turn could have a
material adverse effect on PHI’s or its subsidiaries’ results of operations and financial condition. Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a result of threats or acts of terrorism or threatened or actual cyber attacks also
could adversely affect the ability of PHI or its subsidiaries to raise needed capital. 

Mark-to-market accounting treatment for instruments
Pepco Energy Services uses to hedge the cost of supply used to satisfy retail customer load obligations could cause earnings volatility. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services purchases energy commodity contracts in the form of electricity and natural gas futures, swaps, options and forward contracts to hedge commodity price risk in connection with the
purchase of natural gas and electricity for delivery to customers. Certain commodity contracts that do not qualify as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions or do not meet the requirements for normal purchase and normal sale accounting are
marked to market through current earnings. Any change in the fair value of the transactions used to hedge price risk that do not qualify for hedge accounting and receive mark-to-market accounting treatment will be reflected in PHI’s current
earnings without any offsetting change in the fair value of its retail load obligations until the settlement date of these contracts in future periods. Pepco Energy Services has discontinued hedge accounting, so PHI’s earnings could be more
volatile due to the mark-to-market accounting treatment associated with these commodity contracts. As of December 31, 2012, the commodity contracts that currently qualify for normal purchase and normal sale accounting and an exception from
mark-to-market accounting are in a significant net loss position on a 

32 

Table of Contents

fair value basis. If PHI could no longer sustain the normal purchase and normal sale designation for these contracts, it would be required to recognize these net losses and future changes in the
fair value in earnings, which could result in greater earnings volatility. It is anticipated that the notional value and the fair value of the supply contracts will decrease considerably during 2013 with the wind-down of the retail energy business.

New accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how a Reporting Company reports its results
of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Each Reporting Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the FASB or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new
interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require the Reporting Companies to change their accounting policies. These changes are beyond the control of the Reporting Companies, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact
how they report their results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Each Reporting Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect its results of operations, cash flow and
financial condition. 

Undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery
and noncompliant disclosure. 

Each Reporting Company’s internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information
systems are designed to enable the Reporting Company to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with GAAP, laws and regulations, taxation requirements and federal securities laws and regulations
applicable to it. Such compliance permits each Reporting Company to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of its costs and with the reporting requirements for each Reporting Company
under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations. 

Each Reporting Company has implemented corporate governance, internal control
and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and relevant SEC rules, as well as other applicable regulations. Such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be
closely monitored by each Reporting Company’s management and PHI’s Board of Directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control
over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. While PHI believes these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of
employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure and reporting. The
consequences of these events could have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the affected Reporting Company. The inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the
identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also increase financing costs or could also adversely affect the ability of a Reporting Company to access the capital markets. 

Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty or property losses that the companies might incur. 

PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and operations in amounts and with
deductibles that they consider appropriate. However, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, some risks, such as weather related casualties, may not
be insurable. In the case of loss or damage to property, plant or equipment, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds received, if any, will be sufficient to cover the entire cost of replacement or repair. 

33 

Table of Contents

PHI and its subsidiaries are dependent on obtaining access to capital markets and bank financing to
satisfy their capital and liquidity requirements. The inability to obtain required financing would have an adverse effect on their respective businesses. 

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each have significant capital requirements, including the funding of construction expenditures and the refinancing of maturing debt. These companies rely primarily on cash flow
from operations and access to the capital markets to meet these financing needs. The operating activities of PHI and its subsidiaries also require access to short-term money markets and bank financing as sources of liquidity that are not met by cash
flow from their operations. Adverse business developments or market disruptions could increase the cost of financing or prevent PHI or any of its subsidiaries from accessing one or more financial markets. Events that could cause or contribute to a
disruption of the financial markets include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial institutions; 

•

 a significant change in energy prices; 

•

 a terrorist or cyber attack or threatened attacks; 

•

 the outbreak of a pandemic or other similar event; or 

•

 a significant electricity or natural gas transmission disruption. 

Any reductions in or other actions with respect to the credit ratings of PHI or any of its subsidiaries could increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.

Nationally recognized rating agencies currently rate PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, and debt securities issued by Pepco, DPL and ACE. Ratings
are not recommendations to buy or sell securities. PHI or its subsidiaries may, in the future, incur new indebtedness with interest rates that may be affected by changes in or other actions associated with these credit ratings. Each of the rating
agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and previous ratings may not be maintained in the future. Rating agencies may also place PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE under review for potential downgrade in certain circumstances or if any of them seek to take
certain actions. A downgrade of these debt ratings or other negative action, such as a review for a potential downgrade, could affect the market price of existing indebtedness and the ability to raise additional debt without incurring increases in
the cost of capital. In addition, a downgrade of these ratings, or other negative action, could make it more difficult to raise capital to refinance any maturing debt obligations, to support business growth and to maintain or improve the current
financial strength of PHI’s business and operations. 

The collateral requirements of Pepco Energy Services’ retail energy supply
business also are determined in part by the unsecured debt rating of PHI. Negative ratings actions by one or more of the credit rating agencies resulting from a change in PHI’s or the utility’s operating results or prospects would increase
funding costs. Any increases in collateral requirements could make such contractual obligations more expensive and make financing more difficult to obtain. 

The agreements that govern PHI’s primary credit facility and its term loan agreement contain a consolidated indebtedness covenant that may limit discretion of each borrower to incur indebtedness
or reduce its equity. 

Under the terms of PHI’s primary credit facility, of which each Reporting Company is a borrower, and of
PHI’s term loan agreement entered into in April 2012, the consolidated indebtedness of a borrower cannot exceed 65% of its consolidated capitalization. If a borrower’s equity were to decline or its debt were to increase to a level that
caused its debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility immediately due and payable. To avoid such a
default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict the affected Reporting Company’s operational and financing
flexibility. 

34 

Table of Contents

Each borrower’s ability to comply with this covenant is subject to various risks and uncertainties,
including events beyond the borrower’s control. For example, events that could cause a reduction in PHI’s equity include, without limitation, a further write-down of PHI’s cross-border energy lease investments or a significant
write-down of PHI’s goodwill. Even if each borrower is able to comply with this covenant, the restrictions on its ability to operate its business in its sole discretion could harm its and PHI’s business by, among other things, limiting the
borrower’s ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that it may believe would be in its best interests or the interests of PHI’s stockholders to complete. 

PHI’s cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to satisfy debt obligations depend on the performance of its regulated and competitive
operating subsidiaries, access to capital markets and other sources of liquidity. PHI’s unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities of its subsidiaries. (PHI only) 

PHI is a holding company that conducts its operations entirely through its regulated and competitive subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated
operating assets are held by its subsidiaries. Accordingly, PHI’s cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of its subsidiaries, each
Reporting Company’s access to capital markets and all sources of cash flow and liquidity that may be available to PHI. PHI’s subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity
securities issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such payment. The ability of PHI’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments to PHI may be restricted by, among other things, applicable corporate, tax and other laws and
regulations and agreements made by PHI and its subsidiaries, including under the terms of indebtedness, and PHI’s financial objective of maintaining a common equity ratio at its utility subsidiaries of between 49% and 50%. Because the claims of
the creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries are superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations of PHI are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries, including trade
creditors. In addition, claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of PHI’s subsidiaries will generally have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of PHI’s creditors. 

PHI has a significant goodwill balance related to its Power Delivery business. A determination that goodwill is impaired could result in a significant
non-cash charge to earnings. 

PHI had a goodwill balance at December 31, 2012, of approximately $1.4 billion, primarily attributable
to Pepco’s acquisition of Conectiv in 2002. An impairment charge must be recorded under GAAP to the extent that the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet. PHI is
required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may result in an interim impairment test include a decline in PHI’s
stock price causing market capitalization to fall below book value, an adverse change in business conditions or an adverse regulatory action. If PHI were to determine that its goodwill is impaired, PHI would be required to reduce its goodwill
balance by the amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Depending on the amount of the impairment, an impairment determination could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition and results
of operations, but would not have an impact on cash flow. 

35 

Table of Contents

The funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan obligations is based
on assumptions regarding the valuation of future benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. If market performance decreases plan assets or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations increase plan liabilities,
any of the Reporting Companies may be required to make significant cash contributions to fund these plans. 

PHI holds assets in trust to
meet its obligations under PHI’s defined benefit pension plan and its post-retirement benefit plan. The amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are
determined based on assumptions made as to the valuation of future benefit obligations, and the investment performance of the plan assets. Accordingly, the performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan assets. A decline in the
market value of plan assets may increase the plan funding requirements to meet the future benefit obligations. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the valuation of the liabilities of the plans. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities
increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Demographic changes, such as a change in the expected timing of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may increase the funding requirements of the plans. A need for
significant additional funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of any of the Reporting Companies. Future increases in pension plan and other post-retirement benefit plan costs, to the extent they are not
recoverable in the base rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of any of the Reporting Companies. 

Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and in PHI’s constituent documents may discourage an acquisition of PHI. (PHI only)

PHI is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a public Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 203) for a period commencing three years from the date in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

•

 the board of directors approved the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

•

 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least
85% of the voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares owned by officers, directors, or certain employee stock purchase plans); or 

•

 at or subsequent to the time the transaction is approved by the board of directors, there is an affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding
voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder approving the transaction. 

Section 203 could prohibit or delay
mergers or other takeover attempts against PHI, and accordingly, may discourage or prevent attempts to acquire or control PHI through a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 

In addition, PHI’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI, even if doing so
would be beneficial to its stockholders. Under PHI’s restated certificate of incorporation, only its board of directors may call special meetings of stockholders. Further, stockholder actions may only be taken at a duly called annual or special
meeting of stockholders and not by written consent. Moreover, directors of PHI may be removed by stockholders only for cause and only by the effective vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of PHI entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors (voting together as a single class) at a meeting of stockholders called for that purpose. In addition, under PHI’s amended and restated bylaws, stockholders must comply with advance notice requirements for
nominating candidates for election to PHI’s board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings, and this provision may be amended or repealed by stockholders only upon the affirmative vote
of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of PHI capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

36 

Table of Contents

Issuances of additional series of PHI preferred stock could adversely affect holders of PHI’s common
stock. (PHI only) 

PHI’s board of directors is authorized to issue shares of PHI preferred stock in series without any action on the
part of PHI stockholders. PHI’s board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock, including with respect to dividend rights, redemption rights and sinking fund
provisions, conversion rights, voting rights, and other preferential rights, limitations and restrictions. If PHI issues preferred stock in the future that has a preference over PHI’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or
upon its liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if preferred stock is issued with voting rights that dilute the voting power of the common stock, the rights of holders of PHI’s common stock or the market price of such common stock could be
adversely affected. Furthermore, issuances of preferred stock can be used to discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI where the acquisition might be perceived as being beneficial to stockholders. 

Because Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI and have directors and executive officers who are also officers of
PHI, PHI can effectively exercise control over their dividend policies and significant business and financial transactions. (Pepco, DPL and ACE only) 

All of the members of each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of their respective executive officers, are officers of PHI, and Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI. Among other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors is responsible for decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising activities and
acquisition and disposition of assets. Within the limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of
directors will base its decisions concerning the amount and timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on its capital structure, which is based in part on earnings and cash flow, and also may take into account the business plans and
financial requirements of PHI and its other subsidiaries.