The businesses of each Reporting Company are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including the events or conditions identified below. The occurrence of one or more of these events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or more of the Reporting Companies, including, depending on the
circumstances, its financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Unless otherwise noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each Reporting Company. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation which significantly affects their operations. PHI’s utility subsidiaries may
be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these requirements. 

The regulated utilities that comprise Power Delivery
are subject to extensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by the state agencies for each service territory in which it operates, with respect to, among other things, the
manner in which utility service is provided to customers, as well as rates it can charge customers for the distribution and supply of electricity (and, additionally for DPL, the distribution and supply of natural gas). NERC has also established, and
FERC has approved, reliability standards with regard to the bulk power system that impose certain operating, planning and cyber security requirements on Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services. Further, FERC regulates the electricity transmission
facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE. 
Approval of these regulators is required in connection with changes in rates and other aspects of the utilities’
operations. These regulatory authorities, and NERC with respect to electric reliability, are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions including setting rates at a level that may be inadequate to permit recovery of costs
against the utilities for non-compliance with certain rules and regulations. In this regard, in December 2011, the MPSC sanctioned Pepco related to its reliability in connection with major storm events that occurred in July and August 2010. These
sanctions included imposing a fine on Pepco and requiring Pepco to file a work plan detailing, among other things, its reliability improvement objectives and progress in meeting those objectives, while raising the possibility of additional fines or
cost recovery disallowances for failing to meet those objectives. 
NERC’s eight regional oversight entities, including RFC, of which Pepco, DPL, ACE
and Pepco Energy Services are members, and the Northeast Power Coordinating Council (NPCC), of which Pepco Energy Services is a member, are charged with the day-to-day implementation and enforcement of NERC’s standards. RFC and NPCC perform
compliance audits on entities registered with NERC based on reliability standards and criteria established by NERC. NERC, RFC and NPCC also conduct compliance investigations in response to a system disturbance, complaint, or possible violation of a
reliability standard identified by other means. Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services are subject to routine audits and monitoring with respect to compliance with applicable NERC reliability standards, including standards requested by FERC to
increase the number of assets (including cyber security assets) subject to NERC cyber security standards that are designated as “critical assets.” From time to time, Pepco, DPL and ACE have entered into settlement agreements with RFC
resolving alleged violations and resulting in fines. There can be no assurance that additional settlements resolving issues related to RFC or NPCC requirements will not occur in the future. The imposition of additional sanctions and civil fines by
these enforcement entities could have a material adverse effect on a Reporting Company’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries, as well as Pepco Energy Services, are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from governmental
agencies that regulate their businesses. Although PHI believes that each of its subsidiaries has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its
existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, PHI is unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on its business. Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or
regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its operations. 

26 

Table of Contents

PHI’s profitability is largely dependent on its ability to recover costs of providing utility services to
its customers and to earn an adequate return on its capital investments. The failure of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to obtain timely recognition of costs in rates may have a negative effect on PHI’s results of operations and financial
condition. 

The public service commissions which regulate PHI’s utility subsidiaries establish utility rates and tariffs intended to provide the
utility the opportunity to obtain revenues sufficient to recover its prudently incurred costs, together with a reasonable return on investor supplied capital. These regulatory authorities also determine how Pepco, DPL and ACE recover from their
customers purchased power and natural gas and other operating costs, including transmission and other costs. The utilities cannot change their rates without approval by the applicable regulatory authority. There can be no assurance that the
regulatory authorities will consider all costs to have been prudently incurred, nor can there be any assurance that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full and timely recovery of costs or a
just and reasonable rate of return on investments. In addition, if the costs incurred by any of the utilities in operating its business exceed the amounts on which its approved rates are based, the financial results of that utility, and
correspondingly PHI, may be adversely affected. 
For example, PHI’s utility subsidiaries are exposed to “regulatory lag,” which refers to a
shortfall in revenues in a utility’s rate structure due to the delay in time or “lag” between when costs are incurred and when they are reflected in rates. All of PHI’s utilities are currently experiencing significant regulatory
lag because their investments in rate base and operating expenses are increasing more rapidly than their revenue growth. PHI anticipates that this trend will continue for the foreseeable future. The failure to timely recognize costs in rates could
have a material adverse effect on PHI’s and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
Each
of PHI’s utility subsidiaries will continue to seek cost recovery from applicable public service commissions to reduce the effects of regulatory lag and have an opportunity to earn its authorized return on equity. See Part I, Item 1.
“Business – Regulation – Mitigation of Regulatory Lag.” There can be no assurance that any attempts by Pepco, DPL and ACE to mitigate regulatory lag will be approved, or that even if approved, the cost recovery mechanisms will
fully mitigate the effects of regulatory lag. The inability of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to obtain relief from the impact of regulatory lag through base rate cases or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition of PHI and each utility subsidiary. 
The operating results of Power Delivery fluctuate on a seasonal
basis and can be adversely affected by changes in weather. 

The Power Delivery business historically has been seasonal and, as a result, weather has
had a material impact on its operating performance. Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is generally higher in the winter months associated with heating
as compared to other times of the year. Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. In addition, severe weather conditions can
produce storms that cause extensive damage to the transmission and distribution systems, as well as related facilities, that can require the utilities to incur additional operation and maintenance expense, as well as capital expenditures. These
additional costs can be significant and the rates charged to customers may not always be timely or adequately adjusted to reflect these higher costs. 
In
the District of Columbia and Maryland, Pepco and DPL are subject to a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism applicable to retail customers, which decouples distribution revenue for a given reporting period from the amount of power delivered during
the period. The bill stabilization mechanism has the 

27 

Table of Contents

effect in those jurisdictions of reducing the impact of changes in the use of electricity by retail customers due to weather conditions or for other reasons on reported distribution revenue and
income. A comparable revenue decoupling mechanism for DPL electricity and natural gas customers in Delaware is under consideration by the DPSC. In those jurisdictions that have not adopted a bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanism,
operating results continue to be affected by weather conditions. 
Facilities and related systems may not operate as planned or may require significant
capital or operation and maintenance expenditures, which could decrease revenues or increase expenses. 

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE
transmission and distribution facilities and related systems involves many risks, including: the breakdown or failure of equipment; accidents; labor disputes; theft of copper wire or pipe; failure of computer systems, software or hardware; and
performance below expected levels. Older facilities, systems and equipment, even if maintained in accordance with sound engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures for additions or upgrades to provide reliable operations or
to comply with changing environmental requirements. Thefts of copper wire or pipe, which seek to capitalize on the current high market price of copper, increase the likelihood of poor system voltage control, electricity and streetlight outages,
damage to equipment and property, and injury or death, as well as increasing the likelihood of damage to fuel lines, which can create an unsafe and potentially explosive condition. Natural disasters and weather, including tornadoes, hurricanes and
snow and ice storms, also can disrupt transmission and distribution systems. Disruption of the operation of transmission or distribution facilities and related systems can reduce revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses that may
not be recoverable from customers or through insurance. Upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks may require substantial amounts of management’s time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or
network defects or operational errors due to employees’ inexperience of using a new or upgraded system. 
In connection with the replacement of
certain customers’ existing electric and natural gas meters with smart meters as part of the AMI system, Pepco and DPL were required to construct a wireless network across certain of their service territories and to implement and integrate new
and existing information technology systems to collect and manage data made available by the smart meters and the AMI system. The implementation of the AMI system involves a combination of technologies provided by multiple vendors. If the AMI system
results in lower than projected performance, PHI’s utility subsidiaries could experience higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures. 
Energy
companies are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions. 

Utility companies, including PHI’s utility subsidiaries, have a large consumer customer base and as a result have been the subject of public criticism
focused on the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to outages caused by storm damage or other unanticipated events. Adverse publicity of this nature may render legislatures and other governing
bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to
less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. Unfavorable regulatory outcomes can include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing
PHI’s operations, such as reliability and customer service quality standards or vegetation management requirements, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. The imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material
negative impact on PHI’s and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

28 

Table of Contents

Unfavorable regulatory developments and compliance with new or more rigorous regulatory requirements will
subject PHI’s utility subsidiaries to higher operating costs. 

PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to and will continue to be subject to
changing regulatory requirements, including those related to reliability and customer service, in the various jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, in 2012, the MPSC adopted rules establishing reliability and customer service
requirements. In April 2014, DPL expects to file an annual report with the MPSC in which it will indicate that it was not in compliance with certain of these reliability requirements for 2013. In addition, in July 2011, the DCPSC adopted regulations
that establish specific maximum outage frequency and outage duration levels beginning in 2013 and continuing through 2020 and thereafter and are intended to require Pepco to achieve a reliability level in the first quartile of all utilities in the
nation by 2020. Pepco believes that the DCPSC’s standards are achievable in the short term, but believes that the standards may not be realistically achievable at an acceptable cost over the longer term. The reliability standards permit Pepco
to petition the DCPSC to reevaluate these standards for the period from 2016 to 2020 to address feasibility and cost issues. 
Each of Pepco and DPL expect
that it will have to incur significant operating and maintenance and capital expenses to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, each of Pepco and DPL would be subject to civil penalties or other sanctions if it does not meet the required
performance or reliability standards. Other jurisdictions in which PHI’s utility subsidiaries have operations have already adopted or may in the future adopt reliability and customer service quality standards, the violation of which could also
result in the imposition of penalties, fines and other sanctions. Compliance, and any failure to comply, with current, proposed or future regulatory requirements may have a material adverse effect on PHI and each utility subsidiary’s business,
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
The resolution of tax matters involving PHI’s former cross-border energy lease
investments may have a material negative impact on PHI’s results of operations and financial condition. (PHI only). 

Prior to July 2013, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of PHI had maintained a portfolio of cross-border energy lease investments involving public utility assets located outside of the United States, which investments were terminated during the third quarter of 2013 prior to the
expiration date of the leases. The aggregate financial impact to PHI of the completion of these early terminations resulted in a pre-tax loss, including transaction costs, of approximately $3 million ($2 million after-tax) for the year ended
December 31, 2013. 
These cross-border energy lease investments, each of which was with a tax-indifferent party, have been under examination by the
IRS as part of normal PHI federal income tax audits. In connection with the audits of PHI’s federal income tax returns from 2001 to 2008, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in excess of rental income claimed by PHI with
respect to its cross-border energy lease investments. In addition, the IRS has sought to recharacterize the leases as loan transactions. In January 2012, PHI commenced litigation in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims regarding the disallowance of
certain tax benefits claimed by PHI on its federal tax returns for 2001 and 2002. 
In January 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
issued an opinion in an unrelated case that disallowed tax benefits associated with a lease-in, lease-out transaction. After analyzing this ruling, in the first quarter of 2013, PHI determined that its tax position with respect to the tax benefits
associated with its cross-border energy leases no longer met the more-likely-than-not standard of recognition for accounting purposes. Accordingly, PHI recorded non-cash charges of $383 million (after-tax) in the first half of 2013, consisting of a
non-cash charge to reduce the carrying value of the cross-border energy lease investments and a non-cash charge to reflect the anticipated additional interest expense related to changes in estimated federal and state income tax obligations for the
period over which the tax benefits may be disallowed. 

29 

Table of Contents

After consideration of certain tax benefits arising from matters unrelated to these lease investments, PHI
estimated that, as of March 31, 2013, it would have been obligated to pay approximately $192 million in additional federal and state taxes and approximately $50 million of interest on the additional federal and state taxes. In order to mitigate
PHI’s ongoing interest costs associated with the $242 million estimate of additional taxes and interest, PHI made an advanced payment to the IRS of $242 million in the first quarter of 2013. While PHI presently believes that it is more likely
than not that no penalty will be incurred, the IRS could require PHI to pay a penalty of up to 20% of the amount of additional taxes due. In order to mitigate the cost of continued litigation related to the cross-border energy lease investments, PHI
and its subsidiaries have entered into discussions with the IRS with the intention of seeking a settlement of all tax issues for open tax years 2001 through 2011, including the cross-border energy lease issue. PHI currently believes that it is
possible that a settlement with the IRS may be reached in 2014. If a settlement of all tax issues or a standalone settlement on the cross-border energy leases is not reached, PHI may move forward with its litigation with the IRS. Further discovery
in the case is stayed until April 24, 2014, pursuant to an order issued by the court on January 30, 2014. 
Given the uncertainties associated with
PHI’s litigation with the IRS, as well as with other efforts by PHI to address and resolve tax matters associated with its former cross-border energy leases in tax years not subject to this litigation, the aggregate financial impact, and timing
of the resolution, of all of these matters cannot be determined presently; however, PHI presently believes that any such impact on PHI’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition could be material. 

Power Delivery’s transmission facilities are interconnected with the facilities of other transmission facility owners. Failures of neighboring
transmission systems could have a negative impact on Power Delivery’s operations. 

The electricity transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE
are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid. Pepco, DPL and ACE are members of the PJM RTO, a regional transmission organization that operates the portion of the
interstate transmission grid that includes the PHI transmission facilities. Although PJM’s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an
adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions originating at other utilities will not cause interruptions in the Pepco, DPL or ACE service territories. Thus, due to the interconnected
nature of the interstate power transmission grid, an outage in a neighboring utility could trigger a system outage in either Pepco, DPL or ACE. If Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on its
and PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
Changes in technology, distributed generation and conservation
measures may adversely affect Power Delivery. 

Increased conservation and end-user generation made possible through current or future advances in
technology, such as through fuel and solar (photovoltaic) cells, wind power and microturbines, could reduce demand for the transmission and distribution facilities of Power Delivery and adversely affect the results of operations of PHI and one or
more of its utility subsidiaries. Alternative technologies that produce electricity, the development of which has expanded due to climate change and other environmental concerns, could ultimately provide alternative sources of electricity and permit
current customers to adopt distributed generation systems which would allow them to generate electricity for their 

30 

Table of Contents

own use. As these and other technologies are created, developed and improved, the quantity and frequency of electricity usage by customers could decline, which could have a negative impact on the
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of PHI or its utility subsidiaries. 
The cost of compliance with environmental laws
is significant and implementation of new and existing environmental laws may increase operating costs. 

The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries are
subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resource protection, site remediation, greenhouse gas emissions and health and
safety. These laws and regulations may require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation, complete environmental studies and perform environmental monitoring.
If a company fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities and the need to expend
significant sums to achieve compliance. 
In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits,
licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be
halted or subjected to additional costs. 
Failure to retain and attract key skilled and properly motivated professional and technical employees could
have an adverse effect on operations. 

PHI and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of
sophisticated systems and technology. One of the challenges they face in implementing their business strategy is to attract, motivate and retain a skilled, efficient and cost-effective workforce while recruiting new talent to replace losses in
knowledge and skills due to retirements. Over the course of the next three years, PHI estimates that approximately one-third of this skilled workforce will reach retirement age. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the
inability to attract and retain these employees, especially as existing skilled workers retire in the near future, could adversely affect the business, operations and financial condition of PHI or the affected company. 

PHI’s subsidiaries are subject to collective bargaining agreements that could impact their business and operations. 

As of December 31, 2013, 54% of employees of PHI and its subsidiaries, collectively, were represented by various labor unions. PHI’s subsidiaries
are parties to five collective bargaining agreements with four local unions that represent these employees. Collective bargaining agreements are generally renegotiated every three to five years, and the risk exists that there could be a work
stoppage after expiration of an agreement until a new collective bargaining agreement has been reached. Labor negotiations typically involve bargaining over wages, benefits and working conditions, including management rights. PHI’s last work
stoppage, a two-week strike by DPL’s employees, occurred in 2010. During that strike, DPL used management and contractor employees to maintain essential operations. Though PHI believes that protracted work stoppages are unlikely, such an event
could result in a disruption of the operations of the affected utility, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect upon the business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of the affected utility and PHI. 

The energy savings business of Pepco Energy Services is highly competitive and its thermal operation in Atlantic City is exposed to customer concentration.
(PHI only) 

Unlike PHI’s regulated business, Pepco Energy Services’ energy savings business is unregulated and its energy savings
performance contracting business is highly competitive. This competition puts downward pressure on margins and increases costs. The energy savings business is affected by new entrants into the market, financial strength of customers, energy prices
and general economic conditions. These factors may negatively affect Pepco Energy Services’ ability to market its services to new customers or renew existing contracts, as well as the prices Pepco Energy Services may charge. 

31 

Table of Contents

Among the factors on which the energy savings business competes are the amount and duration of the guarantees
provided in energy savings performance contracts. In connection with many of its energy savings performance installation projects, Pepco Energy Services guarantees a minimum level of annual energy cost savings over a period of typically up to 15
years. Currently, Pepco Energy Services does not insure against this risk, and accordingly could suffer financial losses if a project does not achieve the guaranteed level of performance. 

Under the Budget Control Act of 2011, mandatory federal spending cuts, also known as “sequestration,” are effective for years 2013 through 2021
unless Congress agrees to a deficit reduction plan. In January 2013, Congress passed, and the President signed, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that addressed rising federal income tax rates that would have taken effect on January 1,
2013. Although Congress has enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, which is expected to alleviate the effects of sequestration on the Department of Defense through October 2014, the continuation of other substantial federal spending
cuts could make it more difficult for Pepco Energy Services to enter into new energy savings performance contracts with federal, state and local government agencies and thus could have a material adverse effect on the energy savings business of
Pepco Energy Services. 
In addition, revenues associated with Pepco Energy Services’ combined heat and power thermal generating plant and operation
in Atlantic City, New Jersey are concentrated with a few major customers in the Atlantic City hotel and casino industry. Pepco Energy Services has long-term contracts with these customers, and for the largest customer, the contracts expire in 2017.
The Atlantic City hotel and casino industry has been experiencing a decrease in gaming revenues and overcapacity, as well as potential future competition from casinos that are being constructed in nearby markets. Pepco Energy Services is exposed to
the risk that it is not able to renew these contracts or that the contract counterparties may fail to perform their obligations thereunder. In either case, Pepco Energy Services may be required to conclude that the assets with an aggregate carrying
value as of December 31, 2013 of approximately $85 million associated with the generating plant or operation have been impaired, which would require Pepco Energy Services to reduce the carrying value of these assets by the amount of the
impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s and Pepco Energy Services’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Under its energy savings performance contracts, Pepco Energy Services is responsible for maintaining, repairing and replacing energy equipment, which
obligations may require Pepco Energy Services to incur significant costs many years after an installation of a project is completed. (PHI only) 

Pepco
Energy Services owns energy equipment and is also responsible for operating and maintaining additional energy equipment that it does not own. In addition, it is generally Pepco Energy Services’ responsibility to repair or replace this energy
equipment in the event of a failure. These equipment maintenance, repair and replacement obligations could be material and could adversely affect PHI’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Pepco Energy Services’ obligations in connection with its combined heat and power construction projects, energy savings construction projects and
energy savings performance contracts may have a material adverse effect on PHI. (PHI only) 

Pepco Energy Services has undertaken projects which
include design, construction, startup and testing activities related to combined heat and power and energy savings construction projects, pursuant to guaranteed maximum price or fixed-price contracts. Pepco Energy Services will generally secure
commitments from subcontractors and vendors to perform within contract pricing commitments, equipment-performance standards, jobsite safety requirements, and other key parameters. Under a number 

32 

Table of Contents

of these projects, the customer of Pepco Energy Services has required Pepco Energy Services to obtain surety bonds securing the performance of Pepco Energy Services, or its subcontractors or
vendors. PHI has been required to guarantee the performance of Pepco Energy Services under the surety bonds and certain of these construction contracts. PHI also guarantees the obligations of Pepco Energy Services under certain of its energy savings
performance contracts. At December 31, 2013, PHI’s guarantees of Pepco Energy Services’ obligations under its energy savings performance, combined heat and power, and construction contracts totaled $190 million, and PHI’s
guarantees of Pepco Energy Services’ obligations under surety bonds for construction projects totaled $229 million. 
As a result, PHI may bear
responsibility in the event of unexcused failures by Pepco Energy Services or its subcontractors or vendors to perform in accordance with the terms of these contracts, or if the customer does not realize the energy savings provided for in a
performance contract. When such events occur, Pepco Energy Services and PHI may experience reputational harm and claims for money damages and other relief that may be sought in connection with such contracts, guarantees and surety bonds, which
could, depending upon the nature of the claim and the amount of damages or other relief sought, have a material adverse effect upon Pepco Energy Services’ and PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

If PHI is not successful in mitigating the risks inherent in its business, its operations could be adversely affected. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are faced with a number of different types of risk. PHI confronts legislative, regulatory policy, compliance and other risks,
including: 

•

PHI’s inability to timely recover capital and operating costs, which may result in a shortfall in revenues; 

•

resource planning and other long-term planning risks, including resource acquisition risks, which may hinder PHI’s ability to maintain adequate resources; 

•

financial risks, including credit, interest rate and capital market risks, which could increase the cost of capital or make raising capital more difficult; and 

•

macroeconomic risks, and risks related to economic conditions and changes in demand for electricity and natural gas in the service territories of PHI’s utility subsidiaries (including changes due to or in
connection with the loss of one or more commercial customers of a utility subsidiary), as well as with respect to Pepco Energy Services’ business, which could negatively impact the operations of the affected business. 

PHI management seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation of PHI’s business strategy through its established risk mitigation process,
which includes adherence to PHI’s business policies and other compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and groups, and overall business management. PHI management is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing
risks, and developing risk-management strategies, while the Board of Directors and its various committees oversee the assessment, management and mitigation of risk. However, there can be no assurance these risk mitigation efforts will adequately
address all such risks or that such efforts will be successful, and a failure to successfully mitigate such risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition of one or more of the
Reporting Companies. 
PHI and its subsidiaries are exposed to contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their operations. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are subject to a number of contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their operations. To mitigate contractual or
credit risk, PHI or a subsidiary may give to or receive from the counterparty collateral or other types of performance assurance, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit or parent guarantees, to protect against performance and credit
risk. Even where collateral is provided, capital market disruptions, the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or guarantor, changes in 

33 

Table of Contents

the power supply market prices and other events may prevent a party from being able to meet its obligations or may degrade the value of collateral, letters of credit and guarantees, and the
collateral, guarantee or other performance assurance provided may prove insufficient to protect against all losses that a party may ultimately suffer. In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty to any contract to which PHI or any of its
subsidiaries is a party, bankruptcy law, in some circumstances, could require the surrender of collateral or other guarantees held or payments received. 

Business operations could be adversely affected by terrorism and cyber attacks. 

The threat of, or actual acts of, terrorism may affect the operations of PHI and its subsidiaries in unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the insurance
markets, force an increase in security measures and cause electrical disruptions or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, including natural gas. Utility industry operations require the continued deployment and utilization of sophisticated
information technology systems and network infrastructure. While PHI has implemented protective measures designed to mitigate its vulnerability to physical and cyber threats and attacks, such protective measures, and technology systems generally,
are vulnerable to disability or failure due to cyber attack, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. As a result, there can be no assurance that such protective measures will be completely effective in protecting PHI’s infrastructure or
assets from a physical or cyber attack or the effects thereof. If any of Pepco’s, DPL’s or ACE’s infrastructure facilities, including their transmission or distribution facilities, were to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty,
of an act of terrorism, the operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely affected. Furthermore, any threats or actions that negatively impact the physical security of PHI’s and its subsidiaries’ facilities, or the integrity or
security of their computer networks and systems (and any programs or data stored thereon or therein), could adversely affect PHI’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to manage these facilities, networks, systems, programs and data efficiently
or effectively, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s or its subsidiaries’ results of operations and financial condition. Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a result of threats or acts of terrorism
or threatened or actual cyber attacks also could adversely affect the ability of PHI or its subsidiaries to raise needed capital. 
New accounting
standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how a Reporting Company reports its results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Each Reporting Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP). The SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting
standards that may require the Reporting Companies to change their accounting policies. These changes are beyond the control of the Reporting Companies, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how they report their results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition. Each Reporting Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect its results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure. 

Each Reporting Company’s internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable the Reporting
Company to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with GAAP, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations (including pursuant to federal and
state administrative grant programs) applicable to it. Such compliance permits each Reporting Company to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of its costs and with the reporting
requirements for each Reporting Company under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations. 

34 

Table of Contents

Each Reporting Company has implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and
procedures in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and relevant SEC rules, as well as other applicable regulations. Such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by each
Reporting Company’s management and PHI’s Board of Directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting
and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. While PHI believes these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses
in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure and reporting. The consequences of these events could have
a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the affected Reporting Company. The inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses
in these controls could also increase financing costs or could also adversely affect the ability of a Reporting Company to access the capital markets. 

Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty or property losses that PHI and its subsidiaries might incur. 

PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, as well as Pepco Energy Services, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and
operations in amounts and with deductibles that they consider appropriate. However, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, some risks and losses,
such as weather related casualties, may not be insurable, and, where a risk has been insured, a risk or loss may be deemed to be excluded from coverage or coverage may otherwise be denied in whole or in part. In the case of loss or damage to
property, plant, equipment or other assets, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds received, if any, will be sufficient to cover the entire loss, including costs of replacement or repair. 

PHI and its subsidiaries are dependent on obtaining access to the capital markets and bank financing to satisfy their capital and liquidity requirements.
The inability to obtain required financing when needed would have an adverse effect on their respective businesses. 

PHI and its subsidiaries,
including Pepco, DPL and ACE, have significant capital requirements, including the funding of construction expenditures and the refinancing of maturing debt. Each of the Reporting Companies relies primarily on cash flow from operations, access to
the capital markets and medium- and long-term bank financing, to meet these long-term financing needs. The operating activities of PHI and its subsidiaries also require continued access to short-term sources of liquidity, including issuances by a
Reporting Company of commercial paper and access to money markets and short-term bank financing, to provide for short-term liquidity needs that are not met by cash flows from their operations. Adverse business developments or market disruptions
could increase the cost of financing or prevent PHI or any of its subsidiaries from accessing these sources of short-term and long-term capital. Events that could cause or contribute to a disruption of the financial markets include, but are not
limited to: 

•

a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial institutions; 

•

a significant change in energy prices; 

•

a terrorist or cyber attack or threatened attacks; 

•

the outbreak of a pandemic or other similar event; or 

•

a significant electricity or natural gas transmission disruption. 

35 

Table of Contents

Any reductions in or other actions with respect to the credit ratings of PHI or any of its subsidiaries could
increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 

Nationally recognized rating agencies currently rate each
Reporting Company and debt securities issued by Pepco, DPL and ACE. Ratings are not recommendations to buy or sell securities. PHI or its subsidiaries may, in the future, incur new indebtedness with interest rates that may be affected by changes in
or other actions associated with these credit ratings. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and previous ratings may not be maintained in the future. Rating agencies may also place a Reporting Company under review for
potential downgrade in certain circumstances or if any of them seek to take certain actions that it believes would otherwise be in its best interests. A downgrade of these debt ratings or other negative action, such as a review for a potential
downgrade, could affect the market price of existing indebtedness and the ability to raise additional debt without incurring increases in the cost of capital. In addition, a downgrade of these ratings, or other negative action, could make it more
difficult to raise capital to refinance any maturing debt obligations, to support business growth and to maintain or improve the current financial strength of PHI’s business and operations. 

The agreements that govern PHI’s primary credit facility, as well as term loan agreements that have been entered into from time to time, contain a
consolidated indebtedness covenant that may limit discretion of each borrower to incur indebtedness or reduce its equity. 

Under the terms of
PHI’s primary credit facility, of which each Reporting Company is a borrower, and of term loan agreements that have been entered into from time to time, the consolidated indebtedness of a borrower cannot exceed 65% of its consolidated
capitalization. If a borrower’s equity were to decline or its debt were to increase to a level that caused its debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to
declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility or the term loan immediately due and payable. To avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could
result in additional covenants that would restrict each Reporting Company’s operational and financing flexibility. 
Each borrower’s ability to
comply with this covenant is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond the borrower’s control. For example, events that could cause a reduction in PHI’s equity include, without limitation, potential IRS taxes,
interest and penalties associated with PHI’s former cross-border energy lease investments or a significant write-down of PHI’s goodwill. Even if each borrower is able to comply with this covenant, the limitations on its operational and
financial flexibility could harm its and PHI’s business by, among other things, limiting the borrower’s ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that it may believe would
be in its best interests or the interests of PHI’s stockholders to complete. 
PHI’s cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to
satisfy debt obligations depend on the performance of its regulated and competitive operating subsidiaries, access to the capital markets and other sources of liquidity. PHI’s unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the
liabilities of its subsidiaries. (PHI only) 

PHI is a holding company that conducts its operations entirely through its regulated and competitive
subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated operating assets are held by its subsidiaries. Accordingly, PHI’s cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent
upon the earnings of its subsidiaries, each Reporting Company’s access to the capital markets and all sources of cash flow and liquidity that may be available to PHI. PHI’s subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to
pay any amounts due on any debt or equity securities issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such payment. The ability of PHI’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments to PHI may be restricted by, among other things,
applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements made by PHI and its subsidiaries, including under the terms of indebtedness, and PHI’s financial objective of maintaining a common equity ratio at its

36 

Table of Contents

utility subsidiaries of between 49% and 50%. Because the claims of the creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries are superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations
of PHI are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries, including trade creditors. In addition, claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of PHI’s subsidiaries will generally have priority with
respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of PHI’s creditors. 
PHI has a significant goodwill balance related to its
Power Delivery business. A determination that goodwill is impaired could result in a significant non-cash charge to earnings. 

PHI had a goodwill
balance at December 31, 2013, of approximately $1.4 billion, primarily attributable to Pepco’s acquisition of Conectiv in 2002. An impairment charge must be recorded under GAAP to the extent that the implied fair value of goodwill is less
than the carrying value of goodwill, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet. PHI is required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Factors that may result in an interim impairment test include, but are not limited to: an adverse change in business conditions; a protracted decline in stock price causing market capitalization to fall significantly below book value;
an adverse regulatory action; impairment of long-lived assets in the reporting unit; or a change in identified reporting units. If PHI were to determine that its goodwill is impaired, PHI would be required to reduce its goodwill balance by the
amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Depending on the amount of the impairment, an impairment determination could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition, results of operations and
cash flow. 
The funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan obligations is based on assumptions regarding the
valuation of future benefit obligations and the projected performance of plan assets. If market performance decreases plan assets or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations increase plan liabilities, any of the
Reporting Companies may be required to make significant cash contributions to fund these plans. 

PHI holds assets in trust to meet its obligations
under PHI’s defined benefit pension plan and its post-retirement benefit plan. The amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are determined based on
assumptions made as to the valuation of future benefit obligations, and the projected investment performance of the plan assets. Accordingly, the performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan assets. A decline in the market value
of plan assets as well as a decline in the rate of return on plan assets may increase the plan funding requirements to meet the future benefit obligations. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the valuation of the liabilities of the plans.
As interest rates decrease, the present value of the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Demographic changes, such as a change in the expected timing of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may
increase the funding requirements of the plans. A need for significant additional funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of any of the Reporting Companies. Future increases in pension plan and other
post-retirement benefit plan costs, to the extent they are not recoverable in the base rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of any of the
Reporting Companies. 
Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and in PHI’s constituent documents may discourage an acquisition of PHI.
(PHI only) 

PHI is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a public Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 203) for a period commencing three years from the date in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

•

the board of directors approved the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

37 

Table of Contents

•

upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares owned by
officers, directors, or certain employee stock purchase plans); or 

•

at or subsequent to the time the transaction is approved by the board of directors, there is an affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder approving the
transaction. 

Section 203 could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover attempts against PHI, and accordingly, may discourage or
prevent attempts to acquire or control PHI through a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 
In addition, PHI’s restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI, even if doing so would be beneficial to its stockholders. For example, under PHI’s restated certificate of
incorporation, only its board of directors may call special meetings of stockholders. Further, stockholder actions may only be taken at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent. Moreover, directors of PHI
may be removed by stockholders only for cause and only by the effective vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of PHI entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (voting together as a single class) at a
meeting of stockholders called for that purpose. In addition, under PHI’s amended and restated bylaws, stockholders must comply with advance notice requirements for nominating candidates for election to PHI’s board of directors or for
proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings, and this provision may be amended or repealed by stockholders only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of PHI capital
stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
Issuances of additional series of PHI preferred
stock could adversely affect holders of PHI’s common stock. (PHI only) 

PHI’s board of directors is authorized to issue shares of PHI
preferred stock in series without any action on the part of PHI stockholders. PHI’s board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock, including with respect to dividend
rights, redemption rights and sinking fund provisions, conversion rights, voting rights, and other preferential rights, limitations and restrictions. As of December 31, 2013, there were no shares of PHI preferred stock issued or outstanding.

If PHI issues preferred stock in the future that has a preference over PHI’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon its
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if preferred stock is issued with voting rights that dilute the voting power of the common stock, the rights of holders of PHI’s common stock or the market price of such common stock could be adversely
affected. Furthermore, issuances of preferred stock can be used to discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI where the acquisition might be perceived as being beneficial to stockholders. 

Because Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI and have directors and executive officers who are also officers of PHI,
PHI can effectively exercise control over their dividend policies and significant business and financial transactions. (Pepco, DPL and ACE only) 

All
of the members of each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of their respective executive officers, are officers of PHI, and Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI. Among
other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors is responsible for decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising activities and acquisition and disposition of assets. Within the
limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning the amount
and timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on its capital structure, which is based in part on earnings and cash flow, and also may take into account the business plans and financial requirements of PHI and its other subsidiaries. 

38 

Table of Contents