The businesses of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the events or
conditions identified below.  The occurrence of one or more of these
events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or
more of the companies, including, depending on the circumstances, its financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  Unless otherwise
noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE.

PHI
and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation, and
unfavorable regulatory treatment could have a negative effect.

PHI’s Power Delivery businesses are
subject to regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies
that significantly affects their operations.  Each of Pepco, DPL and
ACE is regulated by state regulatory agencies in its service territories, with
respect to, among other things, the rates it can charge retail customers for the
supply and distribution of electricity (and additionally for DPL the supply and
distribution of natural gas).  In addition, the rates that the
companies can charge for electricity transmission are regulated by FERC, and
DPL’s natural gas transportation is regulated by FERC.  The companies
cannot change supply, distribution, or transmission rates without approval by
the applicable regulatory authority.  While the approved distribution
and transmission rates are intended to permit the companies to recover their
costs of service and earn a reasonable rate of return, the profitability of the
companies is affected by the rates they are able to charge.  In
addition, if the costs incurred by any of the companies in operating its
transmission and distribution facilities exceed the allowed amounts for costs
included in the approved rates, the financial results of that company, and
correspondingly, PHI, will be adversely affected.

PHI’s subsidiaries also are required to
have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies
that regulate their businesses. PHI believes that each of its subsidiaries has,
and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of
the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing
operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable
laws; however, none of the companies is able to predict the impact of future
regulatory activities of any of these agencies on its
business.  Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or
regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one
or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant
capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its
operations.

Pepco
may be required to make additional divestiture proceeds gain-sharing payments to
customers in the District of Columbia and Maryland.  (PHI and Pepco
only)

Pepco currently is involved in
regulatory proceedings in Maryland and the District of Columbia related to the
sharing of the net proceeds from the sale of its generation-related
assets.  The principal issue in the proceedings is whether Pepco
should be required to share with customers the excess deferred income taxes and
accumulated deferred investment tax credits associated with the sold assets and,
if so, whether such sharing would violate the normalization provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code and its implementing regulations.  Depending on
the

 20

outcome
of the proceedings, Pepco could be required to make additional gain-sharing
payments to customers and payments to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the
amount of the associated accumulated deferred investment tax credits, and Pepco
might be unable to use accelerated depreciation on District of Columbia and
Maryland allocated or assigned property.  See Item 7 “PHI --
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations -- Regulatory and Other Matters -- Divestiture Cases” for additional
information.

The
operating results of the Power Delivery business and the Competitive Energy
businesses fluctuate on a seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by
changes in weather.

The Power Delivery business is seasonal
and weather patterns can have a material impact on their operating
performance.  Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer
months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is
generally higher in the winter months associated with heating as compared to
other times of the year.  Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE
has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer than normal
in the winter and cooler than normal in the summer.  In Maryland,
however, the decoupling of distribution revenue for a given reporting period,
from the amount of power delivered during the period as the result of the
adoption by the MPSC of a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism for retail
customers, has had the effect of eliminating changes in customer usage due to
weather conditions or for other reasons as a factor having an impact on reported
revenue and income.

Historically, the competitive energy
operations of Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy Services also have produced less
revenue when weather conditions are milder than normal, which can negatively
impact PHI’s income from these operations.  The Competitive Energy
businesses’ energy management services generally are not seasonal.

Facilities
may not operate as planned or may require significant maintenance expenditures,
which could decrease revenues or increase expenses.

Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE
transmission and distribution facilities and the Competitive Energy businesses’
generation facilities involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of
equipment, accidents, labor disputes and performance below expected
levels.  Older facilities and equipment, even if maintained in
accordance with sound engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures for additions or upgrades to keep them operating at peak
efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide
reliable operations.  Natural disasters and weather-related incidents,
including tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt
generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems.  Operation
of generation, transmission and distribution facilities below expected capacity
levels can reduce revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses
that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance, including
deficiency charges imposed by PJM on generation facilities at a rate up to two
times the capacity payment price which the generation facility
receives.  Furthermore, if the company owning the facilities is unable
to perform its contractual obligations for any of these reasons, that company,
and correspondingly PHI, may incur penalties or damages.

 21

The
transmission facilities of the Power Delivery business are interconnected with
the facilities of other transmission facility owners whose actions could have a
negative impact on operations.

The electricity transmission facilities
of Pepco, DPL and ACE are directly interconnected with the transmission
facilities of contiguous utilities and, as such, are part of an interstate power
transmission grid.  FERC has designated a number of regional
transmission organizations to coordinate the operation of portions of the
interstate transmission grid.  Pepco, DPL and ACE are members of the
PJM RTO.  In 1997, FERC approved PJM as the sole provider of
transmission service in the PJM RTO region, which today consists of all or parts
of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North
Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the
District of Columbia.  Pepco, DPL and ACE operate their transmission
facilities under the direction and control of PJM.  PJM RTO and the
other regional transmission organizations have established sophisticated systems
that are designed to ensure the reliability of the operation of transmission
facilities and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse
impact on the operations of the other utilities.  However, the systems
put in place by PJM RTO and the other regional transmission organizations may
not always be adequate to prevent problems at other utilities from causing
service interruptions in the transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL or
ACE.  If any of Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service
interruption, it could have a negative impact on it and on PHI.

The
cost of compliance with environmental laws, including laws relating to emissions
of greenhouse gases, is significant and new environmental laws may increase
expenses.

The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries,
including Pepco, DPL and ACE, are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water
quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resources, site
remediation, and health and safety.  These laws and regulations can
require significant capital and other expenditures to, among other things, meet
emissions standards, conduct site remediation and perform environmental
monitoring.  If a company fails to comply with applicable
environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its
control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal
penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to come into
compliance.

In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are
required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses,
inspections and other approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any
required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain,
maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities
could be halted or subjected to additional costs.

There is growing concern at the federal
and state levels about CO
2 and other
greenhouse gas emissions.  As a result, it is possible that state and
federal regulations will be developed that will impose more stringent
limitations on emissions than are currently in effect. Any of these factors
could result in increased capital expenditures and/or operating costs for one or
more generating plants operated by PHI’s Conectiv Energy and Pepco Energy
Services businesses.  Until specific regulations are promulgated, the
impact that any new environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines,
enforcement initiatives, or legislation may have on the results of operations,
financial position or liquidity of PHI and its subsidiaries is not
determinable.

 22

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each continues
to monitor federal and state activity related to environmental matters in order
to analyze their potential operational and cost implications.

New environmental laws and regulations,
or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could impose more
stringent limitations on the operations of PHI’s subsidiaries or require them to
incur significant additional costs.  Current compliance strategies may
not successfully address the relevant standards and interpretations of the
future.

Failure
to retain and attract key skilled professional and technical employees could
have an adverse effect on the operations.

The ability of each of PHI and its
subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, to implement its business strategy
is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees.
 Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability
to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect the company’s
business, operations and financial condition.

PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses are highly competitive.  (PHI
only)

The unregulated energy generation,
supply and marketing businesses primarily in the mid-Atlantic region are
characterized by intense competition at both the wholesale and retail
levels.  PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses compete with numerous
non-utility generators, independent power producers, wholesale and retail energy
marketers, and traditional utilities.  This competition generally has
the effect of reducing margins and requires a continual focus on controlling
costs.

PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses rely on some generation, transmission, storage,
and distribution assets that they do not own or control to deliver wholesale and
retail electricity and natural gas and to obtain fuel for their generation
facilities.  (PHI only)

PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses
depend upon electric generation and transmission facilities, natural gas
pipelines, and natural gas storage facilities owned and operated by
others.  The operation of their generation facilities also depends
upon coal, natural gas or diesel fuel supplied by others.  If electric
generation or transmission, natural gas pipelines, or natural gas storage are
disrupted or capacity is inadequate or unavailable, the Competitive Energy
businesses’ ability to buy and receive and/or sell and deliver wholesale and
retail power and natural gas, and therefore to fulfill their contractual
obligations, could be adversely affected.  Similarly, if the fuel
supply to one or more of their generation plants is disrupted and storage or
other alternative sources of supply are not available, the Competitive Energy
businesses’ ability to operate their generating facilities could be adversely
affected.

Changes
in technology may adversely affect the Power Delivery business and PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses.

Research and development activities are
ongoing to improve alternative technologies to produce electricity, including
fuel cells, micro turbines and photovoltaic (solar) cells.  It is
possible that advances in these or other alternative technologies will reduce
the costs of electricity production from these technologies, thereby making the
generating facilities of PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses less
competitive.  In addition, increased conservation efforts and advances
in technology could reduce demand for electricity supply and distribution, which
could

 23

adversely
affect the Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE and PHI’s Competitive
Energy businesses. Changes in technology also could alter the channels through
which retail electric customers buy electricity, which could adversely affect
the Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE.

PHI’s
risk management procedures may not prevent losses in the operation of its
Competitive Energy businesses.  (PHI only)

The operations of PHI’s Competitive
Energy businesses are conducted in accordance with sophisticated risk management
systems that are designed to quantify risk.  However, actual results
sometimes deviate from modeled expectations.  In particular, risks in
PHI’s energy activities are measured and monitored utilizing value-at-risk
models to determine the effects of potential one-day favorable or unfavorable
price movements.  These estimates are based on historical price
volatility and assume a normal distribution of price changes and a 95%
probability of occurrence.  Consequently, if prices significantly
deviate from historical prices, PHI’s risk management systems, including
assumptions supporting risk limits, may not protect PHI from significant
losses.  In addition, adverse changes in energy prices may result in
economic losses in PHI’s earnings and cash flows and reductions in the value of
assets on its balance sheet under applicable accounting rules.

The
commodity hedging procedures used by PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses may not
protect them from significant losses caused by volatile commodity
prices.  (PHI only)

To lower the financial exposure related
to commodity price fluctuations, PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses routinely
enter into contracts to hedge the value of their assets and operations. As part
of this strategy, PHI’s Competitive Energy businesses utilize fixed-price,
forward, physical purchase and sales contracts, tolling agreements, futures,
financial swaps and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or
on exchanges.  Each of these various hedge instruments can present a
unique set of risks in its application to PHI’s energy assets.  PHI
must apply judgment in determining the application and effectiveness of each
hedge instrument.  Changes in accounting rules, or revised
interpretations to existing rules, may cause hedges to be deemed ineffective as
an accounting matter.  This could have material earnings implications
for the period or periods in question.  Conectiv Energy’s objective is
to hedge a portion of the expected power output of its generation facilities and
the costs of fuel used to operate those facilities so it is not completely
exposed to energy price movements.  Hedge targets are approved by
PHI’s Corporate Risk Management Committee and may change from time to time based
on market conditions.  Conectiv Energy generally establishes hedge
targets annually for the next three succeeding 12-month
periods.  Within a given 12-month horizon, the actual hedged
positioning in any month may be outside of the targeted range, even if the
average for a 12-month period falls within the stated
range.  Management exercises judgment in determining which months
present the most significant risk, or opportunity, and hedge levels are adjusted
accordingly.  Since energy markets can move significantly in a short
period of time, hedge levels may also be adjusted to reflect revised
assumptions.  Such factors may include, but are not limited to,
changes in projected plant output, revisions to fuel requirements, transmission
constraints, prices of alternate fuels, and improving or deteriorating supply
and demand conditions.  In addition, short-term occurrences, such as
abnormal weather, operational events, or intra-month commodity price volatility
may also cause the actual level of hedging coverage to vary from the established
hedge targets.  These events can cause fluctuations in PHI’s earnings
from period to period.  Due to the high heat rate of the Pepco Energy
Services generating

 24

facilities,
Pepco Energy Services generally does not enter into wholesale contracts to lock
in the forward value of its plants.  To the extent that PHI’s
Competitive Energy businesses have unhedged positions or their hedging
procedures do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could result in
significant losses.  Conversely, by engaging in hedging activities,
PHI may not realize gains that otherwise could result from fluctuating commodity
prices.

Business
operations could be adversely affected by terrorism.

The threat of, or actual acts of,
terrorism may affect the operations of PHI or any of its subsidiaries in
unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the insurance markets, force an
increase in security measures and cause disruptions of fuel supplies and
markets.  If any of its infrastructure facilities, such as its
electric generation, fuel storage, transmission or distribution facilities, were
to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of an act of terrorism, the
operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely
affected.  Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a
result of terrorism also could adversely affect the ability to raise needed
capital.

Insurance
coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty losses that the companies
might incur.

PHI and its subsidiaries, including
Pepco, DPL and ACE, currently have insurance coverage for their facilities and
operations in amounts and with deductibles that they consider
appropriate.  However, there is no assurance that such insurance
coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable
terms.  In addition, some risks, such as weather related casualties,
may not be insurable.  In the case of loss or damage to property,
plant or equipment, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds, if any,
received will be sufficient to cover the entire cost of replacement or
repair.

Revenues,
profits and cash flows may be adversely affected by economic
conditions.

Periods of slowed economic activity
generally result in decreased demand for power, particularly by industrial and
large commercial customers.  As a consequence, recessions or other
downturns in the economy may result in decreased revenues and cash flows for the
Power Delivery businesses of Pepco, DPL and ACE and PHI’s Competitive Energy
businesses.

The
IRS challenge to cross-border energy sale and lease-back transactions entered
into by a PHI subsidiary could result in loss of prior and future tax
benefits.  (PHI only)

PCI maintains a portfolio of
cross-border energy sale-leaseback transactions, which as of December 31, 2007,
had a book value of approximately $1.4 billion and from which PHI currently
derives approximately $60 million per year in tax benefits in the form of
interest and depreciation deductions.  On February 11, 2005, the
Treasury Department and IRS issued a notice informing taxpayers that the IRS
intends to challenge the tax benefits claimed by taxpayers with respect to
certain of these transactions.

As part of the normal PHI tax audit for
2001 and 2002, the IRS disallowed the tax benefits claimed by PHI with respect
to these leases for those years.  The tax benefits claimed by PHI with
respect to these leases from 2001 through December 31, 2007 were approximately
$347 million. PHI has filed a protest against the IRS adjustments and the
unresolved audit has been forwarded to the IRS Appeals Office.  If the
IRS prevails, PHI would be subject to

 25

additional
taxes, along with interest and possibly penalties on the additional taxes, which
could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s results of operations and cash
flows.  See Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations -- Regulatory and Other Matters -- Federal
Tax Treatment of Cross-Border Leases” for additional information.

Changes
in tax law could have a material adverse effect on the tax benefits that PHI
realizes from the portfolio of cross-border energy sale-leaseback transactions
entered into by one of its subsidiaries.

In recent years, efforts have been made
by members of the U.S. Senate to pass legislation that would have the effect of
deferring the deduction of losses associated with leveraged lease transactions
involving tax-indifferent parties for taxable years beginning after the year of
enactment regardless of when the transaction was entered into.  These
proposals, which would affect transactions such as those included in PCI’s
portfolio of cross-border energy leases, would effectively defer the deduction
of losses associated with such leveraged lease transactions until the taxable
year in which the taxpayer recognized taxable income from the lease, which is
typically toward the end of the lease term.  To date, no such
legislation has been enacted; however, there are continuing efforts by members
of the U.S. Senate to add legislation to various Senate bills directed to the
deferral or other curtailment of the tax benefits realized from such
transactions.  Enactment of legislation of this nature could result in
a material delay of the income tax benefits that PHI would receive in connection
with PCI’s portfolio of cross-border energy leases. Furthermore, if legislation
of this type were enacted, under the Financial Accounting Standards Board Staff
Position on Financial Accounting Standard 13-2, PHI would be required to adjust
the book value of the leases and record a charge to earnings equal to the
repricing impact of the deferred deductions which could result in a material
adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

IRS
Revenue Ruling 2005-53 on Mixed Service Costs could require PHI to incur
additional tax and interest payments in connection with the IRS audit of this
issue for the tax years 2001 through 2004 (IRS Revenue Ruling
2005-53).

During 2001, Pepco, DPL and ACE changed
their methods of accounting with respect to capitalizable construction costs for
income tax purposes.  The change allowed the companies to accelerate
the deduction of certain expenses that were previously capitalized and
depreciated.  Through December 31, 2005, these accelerated deductions
generated incremental tax cash flow benefits of approximately $205 million
(consisting of $94 million for Pepco, $62 million for DPL and $49 million for
ACE) for the companies, primarily attributable to their 2001 tax
returns.

In 2005, the Treasury Department issued
proposed regulations that, if adopted in their current form, would require
Pepco, DPL and ACE to change their method of accounting with respect to
capitalizable construction costs for income tax purposes for future tax periods
beginning in 2005.  Based on the proposed regulations, PHI in its 2005
federal tax return adopted an alternative method of accounting for capitalizable
construction costs that management believes will be acceptable to the
IRS.

At the same time as the proposed
regulations were released, the IRS issued Revenue Ruling 2005-53, which is
intended to limit the ability of certain taxpayers to utilize the method of
accounting for income tax purposes they utilized on their tax returns for 2004
and prior years

 26

with
respect to capitalizable construction costs.  In line with this
Revenue Ruling, the IRS revenue agent’s report for the 2001 and 2002 tax returns
disallowed substantially all of the incremental tax benefits that Pepco, DPL and
ACE had claimed on those returns by requiring the companies to capitalize and
depreciate certain expenses rather than treat such expenses as current
deductions.  PHI has filed a protest against the IRS adjustments and
the issue is among the unresolved audit matters relating to the 2001 and 2002
audits pending before the Appeals Office.

In February 2006, PHI paid
approximately $121 million of taxes to cover the amount of additional taxes and
interest that management estimated to be payable for the years 2001 through 2004
based on the method of tax accounting that PHI, pursuant to the proposed
regulations, adopted on its 2005 tax return.  However, if the IRS is
successful in requiring Pepco, DPL and ACE to capitalize and depreciate
construction costs that result in a tax and interest assessment greater than
management’s estimate of $121 million, PHI will be required to pay additional
taxes and interest only to the extent these adjustments exceed the $121 million
payment made in February 2006.

PHI
and its subsidiaries are dependent on their ability to successfully access
capital markets.  An inability to access capital may adversely affect
their businesses.

PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE each rely on
access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a
source of liquidity and to satisfy their capital requirements not satisfied by
the cash flow from their operations. Capital market disruptions, or a downgrade
in credit ratings, would increase the cost of borrowing or could adversely
affect the ability to access one or more financial markets.  In addition, a
reduction in PHI’s credit ratings could require PHI or its subsidiaries to post
additional collateral in connection with some of the Competitive Energy
businesses’ wholesale marketing and financing activities.  Disruptions
to the capital markets could include, but are not limited to:

 ·

 recession
 or an economic slowdown;

 ·

 the
 bankruptcy of one or more energy
companies;

 ·

 significant
 increases in the prices for oil or other
fuel;

 ·

 a
 terrorist attack or threatened attacks;
or

 ·

 a
 significant transmission failure.

In accordance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC rules thereunder, PHI’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial
reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these
controls.  The inability to certify the effectiveness of these
controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these
controls also could increase financing costs or could adversely affect the
ability to access one or more financial markets.

 27

Future
defined benefit plan funding obligations are affected by assumptions regarding
the valuation of PHI’s benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets;
actual experience which varies from the assumptions could result in an
obligation of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE to make significant unplanned cash
contributions to the Retirement Plan.

PHI follows the guidance of SFAS No.
87, “Employers’ Accounting for Pensions” in accounting for pension benefits
under its non-contributory defined benefit plan (the PHI Retirement
Plan).  In addition, on December 31, 2006, PHI implemented SFAS No.
158, “Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
Plans, an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)” (SFAS No.
158) which requires that companies recognize a net liability or asset to report
the funded status of their defined benefit pension and other postretirement
benefit plans on the balance sheet.  In accordance with these
accounting standards, PHI makes assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit
obligations and the performance of plan assets.  Changes in
assumptions, such as the use of a different discount rate or expected return on
plan assets, affect the calculation of projected benefit obligations (PBO),
accumulated benefit obligation (ABO), reported pension liability, regulated
assets, or accumulated other comprehensive income on PHI’s consolidated balance
sheet and on the balance sheets of Pepco, DPL and ACE, and reported annual net
periodic pension benefit cost on PHI’s consolidated statement of earnings and on
the statements of earnings of Pepco, DPL and ACE.

Use of alternative assumptions could
also impact the expected future cash funding requirements of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE for the PHI Retirement Plan if the plan did not meet the minimum funding
requirements of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(ERISA).

PHI’s
cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to satisfy debt obligations
depend on the performance of its operating subsidiaries.  PHI’s
unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities and the
outstanding preferred stock of its subsidiaries.  (PHI
only)

PHI is a holding company that conducts
its operations entirely through its subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated
operating assets are held by its subsidiaries.  Accordingly, PHI’s
cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability
to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of the
subsidiaries and the distribution of such earnings to PHI in the form of
dividends.  The subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities
and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity securities
issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such
payment.  Because the claims of the creditors of PHI’s subsidiaries
and the preferred stockholders of ACE are superior to PHI’s entitlement to
dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations of PHI are effectively
subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries and to
the rights of the holders of ACE’s preferred stock to receive dividend
payments.

Energy
companies are subject to adverse publicity which makes them vulnerable to
negative regulatory and litigation outcomes.

The energy sector has been among the
sectors of the economy that have been the subject of highly publicized
allegations of misconduct in recent years.  In addition, many utility
companies have been publicly criticized for their performance during natural
disasters and

 28

weather
related incidents.  Adverse publicity of this nature may render
legislatures, regulatory authorities, and other government officials less likely
to view energy companies such as PHI and its subsidiaries in a favorable light,
and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to adverse outcomes
with respect to decisions by such bodies.

Provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage an acquisition of
PHI.  (PHI only)

As a Delaware corporation, PHI is
subject to the business combination law set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying, discouraging
or preventing an acquisition of PHI.

Because
Pepco is a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, and each of DPL and ACE are indirect
wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI, PHI can exercise substantial control over
their dividend policies and businesses and operations.  (Pepco, DPL
and ACE only)

All of the members of each of Pepco’s,
DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s
executive officers, are officers of PHI or an affiliate of PHI.  Among
other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board is responsible for
decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising
activities, and acquisition and disposition of assets.  Within the
limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each
company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and
ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning the amount and
timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on the company’s respective
earnings, cash flow and capital structure, but may also take into account the
business plans and financial requirements of PHI and its other
subsidiaries.