As a global manufacturer of coatings, chemicals and glass products, we operate in a business environment that
includes risks. These risks are not unlike the risks we have faced in the recent past nor are they unlike risks faced by our competitors. Each of the risks described in this section could adversely affect our operating results, financial position
and liquidity. While the factors listed here are considered to be the more significant factors, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant
additional obstacles which may adversely affect our business. 

Increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results. 

Our financial results are significantly affected by the cost of raw materials and energy, including natural gas. Energy is a significant
production cost in the Commodity Chemicals and Glass segments, and our primary energy cost is natural gas. Each one-dollar change in our unit cost of natural gas per million British Thermal Units has a direct impact of approximately $60 million to
$70 million on our annual operating costs. Inclusive of the impact of PPG’s natural gas hedging activities, PPG’s 2011 natural gas unit cost decreased 15 percent in the U.S. compared to 2010, reflecting higher natural gas supply stemming
from the success of shale gas drilling. Also, in our Commodity Chemicals segments, ethylene is a key raw material. During 2011, PPG’s costs for ethylene increased substantially compared to 2010 driven by a combination of tight supplies due
to production outages and increased global demand, particularly in U.S. exports of ethylene derivative products. 

Coatings raw materials both organic, primarily petroleum based, and inorganic, generally comprise between 70-to-80 percent of coatings
cost of goods sold in most coatings formulations and represent PPG’s single largest production cost component. In 2011, overall coatings raw material costs inflated by approximately 10-to-12 percent for the Company. The largest inflation
impacts were from titanium dioxide pigments and certain propylene-based resins. During 2011, the incremental cost of coatings raw materials due to inflation was approximately $440 million. This compares to coatings raw material inflation of
approximately $210 million in 2010 and a benefit of $150 million in 2009 from lower coatings raw material prices reflecting a drop in overall commodity prices due to the recession. 

We also import raw materials and intermediates, particularly for use at our manufacturing facilities in the
emerging regions of the world. In most cases, those imports are priced in the currency of the supplier and, therefore, if that currency strengthens against the currency of our manufacturing facility, our margins are at risk of being lowered.

Most of the raw materials and energy used in
production are purchased from outside sources, and the Company has made, and plans to continue to make, supply arrangements to meet the planned operating requirements for the future. Supply of critical raw materials and energy is managed by
establishing contracts, multiple sources, and identifying alternative materials or technology whenever possible. The Company is continuing its aggressive sourcing initiatives to support its continuous efforts to find the lowest raw material costs.
These initiatives include reformulation of our products using both petroleum-derived and bio-based materials as part of a product renewal strategy, qualifying multiple and local sources of supply, including suppliers from Asia and other lower cost
regions of the world, and strategic initiatives with multiple global suppliers to secure and enhance PPG’s supply of titanium dioxide and other materials. 

An inability to obtain critical raw materials would adversely impact our ability to produce products. Increases in the cost of raw
materials and energy may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow in the event we are unable to offset these higher costs in a timely manner. 

The pace of economic growth and level of uncertainty could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

During 2008, worldwide demand for many of our products declined significantly as the impact of the recession spread
globally. Many global industrial end-use markets remained depressed for most of 2009. During 2010, the global economy began to mend; however, the pace of recovery was uneven. Beginning in 2011, overall activity levels in most major global economies
and in most end-use markets exhibited year-over-year growth. The North American economy experienced early overall improving industrial and chemical activity, particularly solid improvement in automotive OEM production. However, as the year
progressed, factors such as unemployment rates, impasses on government policy and concerns over the global economy limited the rate of economic growth in this region. The European economy 

2011 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K

11

Table of Contents

underperformed most other major economies. Economic activity in this region, which was growing slowly, began to fade, and demand in many end-use markets served by PPG turned negative late in the
year. In many emerging economies, such as those in Asia and Latin America, economic activity surpassed the pre-recession pace due, in part, to continued industrial and infrastructure growth in these regions. However, inflation concerns and
government fiscal policies in these regions dampened demand. Entering 2012, our expectation is for the pace of economic activity to continue to vary by region and by end-use market. In North America, most major sectors of the economy are expected to
strengthen as the recovery continues to gradually move the economy back to pre-recession levels. The European economy is expected to mildly contract in early 2012 despite growth in exported products, but there is downside risk the economic
conditions in Europe could be even weaker in 2012. The growth rate in emerging regions is expected to continue to moderate and be more erratic but still outpace that of the developed regions. Based on our broad geographic footprint and extensive
end-use market exposure, we expect to see overall higher demand in 2012 versus 2011, however, the extent of variations in the global economy and their impacts on various end-use markets that we serve is not known. PPG provides products and services
to a variety of end-use markets and in many geographies. While this broad end-use market exposure and expanded geographic presence lessens the significance of any significant or rapid decrease in activity levels, nonetheless, lower demand levels may
result in lower sales which would result in reduced earnings and cash flows. 

We are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the protection of the environment. 

Environmental laws and regulations control, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the handling, use, treatment, storage and clean-up of hazardous and non-hazardous
wastes, the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater affected by hazardous substances, and regulate various health and safety matters. The environmental laws and regulations we are subject to, including those in the United States as
well as in other countries in which we operate, impose liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. Violations of these laws and regulations can
also result in fines and penalties. Future environmental laws and regulations may require substantial capital expenditures or may require or cause us to modify or curtail our operations, which may have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

As described in Note 15, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” under Item 8 of this Form 10-K, we are currently
undertaking environmental remediation activities at a number of our facilities and properties, the cost of which is substantial. We have accrued a $226 million liability for estimated environmental remediation costs at December 31, 2011.
Our assessment of the potential impact of these environmental contingencies is subject to considerable uncertainty due to the complex, ongoing and evolving process of investigation and remediation, if necessary, of such environmental contingencies,
and the potential for technological and regulatory developments. As such, in addition to the amounts currently reserved, we may be subject to loss contingencies related to environmental matters estimated to be as much as $200 million to $400
million. Such unreserved losses are reasonably possible but are not currently considered to be probable of occurrence. 

We are involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, and we may be involved in future lawsuits and claims, in which substantial
monetary damages are sought. 

PPG is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential in which
substantial monetary damages are sought. Those lawsuits and claims relate to contract, patent, environmental, product liability, anti-trust and other matters arising out of the conduct of PPG’s current and past business activities. Any such
claims, whether with or without merit, could be time consuming, expensive to defend and could divert management’s attention and resources. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential claims, and the levels of insurance
we do maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses. We believe that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all current lawsuits and claims involving PPG, including asbestos-related claims in the event the settlement described in Note
15, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities” under Item 8 of this Form 10-K does not become effective, will not have a material effect on PPG’s consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, such outcome may be material to the
results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. Nonetheless, the results of any future litigation or claims are inherently unpredictable, but such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, cash flow or financial condition. 

For over 30 years, we have been a defendant in lawsuits involving claims alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos.

Most of our potential exposure relates to allegations by plaintiffs that PPG should be liable for injuries involving
asbestos containing thermal insulation products manufactured by Pittsburgh Corning Corporation (“PC”). PPG is a 50% shareholder of PC. Although we have entered into a settlement arrangement with several parties concerning these asbestos
claims as discussed in Note 15, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” under Item 8 of this Form 10-K, the arrangement remains subject to court proceedings and, if not approved, the outcome could be material to the results of
operations of any particular period. 

12

2011 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K

Table of Contents

We are subject to a variety of complex U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations which
could increase our compliance costs. 

We are subject to a wide variety of complex U.S. and non-U.S. laws and
regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, environmental laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, U.S. and foreign export and trading laws, and laws governing improper business practices,
including bribery. We are affected by new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. These laws and regulations effectively expand our compliance obligations and potential
enforcement actions by governmental authorities or litigation related to them. 

New laws and regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their interpretation could increase our compliance costs. For example, regulations concerning the composition, use and transport of
chemical products continue to evolve. Developments concerning these regulations could potentially impact (i) the availability or viability of some of the raw materials we use in our product formulations and/or (ii) our ability to supply
certain products to some customers or markets. Import/export regulations also continue to evolve and could result in increased compliance costs, slower product movements or additional complexity in our supply chains. 

Our international operations expose us to additional
risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results. 

PPG has a significant investment in non-U.S.
operations. This broad geographic footprint serves to lessen the significance of economic impacts occurring in any one region. Notwithstanding the benefits of geographic diversification, our ability to achieve and maintain profitable growth in
international markets is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many countries. As a result of our expansion outside the U.S., we are subject to certain inherent
risks, including political and economic uncertainty, inflation rates, exchange rates, trade protection measures, local labor conditions and laws, restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of earnings, and weak intellectual property
protection. Our percentage of sales generated in 2011 by products sold outside the U.S. was approximately 58%. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results. 

We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we
must translate revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate during each reporting period, as well as assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. Therefore,
increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies will affect our net revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. We use derivative financial instruments to
reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations related to foreign currency transactions. However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies, could
materially affect our financial results. 

As a producer of commodity chemicals, we manufacture and transport certain materials that are inherently hazardous due to their
toxic nature. 

We have significant experience in handling these materials and take precautions to handle and transport
them in a safe manner. However, these materials, if mishandled or released into the environment, could cause substantial property damage or personal injuries resulting in significant legal claims against us. In addition, evolving regulations
concerning the security of chemical production facilities and the transportation of hazardous chemicals could result in increased future capital or operating costs. 

Business disruptions could have a negative impact on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Unexpected events, including supply disruptions, temporary plant
and/or power outages, natural disasters and severe weather events, computer system disruptions, fires, war or terrorist activities, could increase the cost of doing business or otherwise harm the operations of PPG, our customers and our suppliers.
It is not possible for us to predict the occurrence or consequence of any such events. However, such events could reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to receive raw materials from suppliers or to deliver products
to customers. 

We may have difficulty
integrating acquired businesses. 

In the past 15 years, PPG has completed over 50 acquisitions to further the growth of
the Company, and we will likely acquire additional businesses and enter into additional joint ventures in the future as part of our growth strategy. Making acquisitions and forming joint ventures involve risks, including: 

•

 difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and products into our existing business; 

•

 delays in realizing the benefits from the acquired companies or products; 

•

 diversion of our management’s time and attention from other business concerns; 

•

 difficulties due to lack of or limited prior experience in any new markets we may enter; 

•

 unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures or product liability; 

2011 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K

13

Table of Contents

•

 unexpected losses of customers or suppliers of the acquired business; 

•

 difficulty in conforming the acquired business’ standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations; and

•

 difficulties in retaining key employees of the acquired businesses. 

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future
acquisitions and joint ventures could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or joint ventures and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.