The Registrants face various risks associated with their businesses.  Our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.  In addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  See "Forward-Looking Information," "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 15 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.

As used in this Item 1A., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to PPL and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to PPL Energy Supply and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Supply segment discussions, or PPL Electric and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Pennsylvania Regulated segment discussion, or LKE and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Kentucky Regulated segment discussion.

Risks Related to All Segments

(PPL, PPL Energy Supply, PPL Electric, LKE, LG&E and KU)

We plan to selectively pursue growth of generation, transmission and distribution capacity, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.

We plan to pursue expansion of our generation, transmission and distribution capacity over the next several years through power uprates at certain of our existing power plants, the potential construction of new power plants, the potential acquisition of existing plants, the potential construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects and capital investments to upgrade transmission and distribution infrastructure.  We will rigorously scrutinize opportunities to expand our generating capability and may determine not to proceed with any expansion.  These types of projects involve numerous risks.  Any planned power uprates could result in cost overruns, reduced plant efficiency and higher operating and other costs.  With respect to the construction of new plants, the acquisition of existing plants, or the construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed.  Expansion in our regulated businesses is dependent on future load or service requirements and subject to applicable regulatory processes.  The success of both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon the negotiation of satisfactory operating contracts, obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals.  If we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.  Furthermore, we might be unable to operate any new or acquired plants as efficiently as projected, which could result in higher than projected operating and other costs and reduced earnings.

Adverse conditions in the economic and financial markets in which we operate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Adverse conditions in the financial markets during 2008 and the associated contraction of liquidity in the wholesale energy markets contributed significantly to declines in wholesale energy prices, significantly impacting our earnings during the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009.  The breadth and depth of these negative economic conditions had a wide-ranging impact on the U.S. and international business environment, including our businesses.  As a result of the economic downturn, demand for energy commodities has declined significantly.  This reduced demand will continue to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets we serve (such as PJM) and our Pennsylvania and Kentucky utility businesses.  The combination of lower demand for power and natural gas and other fuels has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy markets in general, further impacting our energy marketing results.  In general, current economic and commodity market conditions will continue to challenge predictability regarding our unhedged future energy margins, liquidity and overall financial condition.

Our businesses are heavily dependent on credit and capital, among other things, for capital expenditures and providing collateral to support hedging in our energy marketing business.  Global bank credit capacity declined and the cost of renewing or establishing new credit facilities increased significantly in 2008, primarily as a result of general credit concerns nationwide, thereby introducing uncertainties as to our businesses' ability to enter into long-term energy commitments or reliably estimate the longer-term cost and availability of credit.  Although bank credit conditions have improved since mid-2009, and we currently expect to have adequate access to needed credit and capital based on current conditions, deterioration in the financial markets could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity.  Additionally, regulations to be adopted to implement the Dodd-Frank Act may impose requirements on our businesses and the businesses of others with whom we

21

contract such as banks or other counterparties, or simply result in increased costs to conduct our business or access sources of capital and liquidity upon which the conduct of our businesses is dependent.

Our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.

Our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles.  For example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months.  As a result, our overall operating results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions such as heat waves, extreme cold, unseasonably mild weather or severe storms occur.  The patterns of these fluctuations may change depending on the type and location of our facilities and the terms of our contracts to sell electricity.

Operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental 
disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.

Weather and these other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs.  Storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues or increase expenses, due to reduced usage and higher restoration charges.  In addition, weather and other disturbances may affect capital markets and general economic conditions and impact future growth.

Our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential 
effects of climate change.

Climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electric power.  Temperature increases could result in increased overall electricity consumption or peaks and precipitation changes could result in altered availability of water for hydro generation or plant cooling operations.  These or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs.  Greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electric power, particularly power generated by fossil-fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies.  Reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver.  Also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered should consumers' preferences or market factors move toward favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electric usage generally.

We cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings and investigations currently being conducted with respect to our current and past business activities.  An adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and subject to ongoing state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in "Legal Matters," "Regulatory Issues" and "Environmental Matters - Domestic" in Note 15 to the Financial Statements.  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.

We could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our bond 
credit ratings or other negative developments in our ability to access capital 
markets.

In the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing means to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt interest or maturities and operating needs.  As a capital-intensive business, we are sensitive to developments in interest rate levels; credit rating considerations; insurance, security or collateral requirements; market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes.  Changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased liquidity to our regulated utility businesses.

A downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.

Credit ratings assigned by Moody's, Fitch and S&P to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses.  Although we do not expect these ratings to limit our ability to fund short-term liquidity needs or access new long-term debt, any ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund short-term liquidity needs and access new long-term debt.  See "Item 7. Management's

22

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Condition - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Ratings Triggers" for additional information on the impact of a downgrade in our credit rating.

Significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.

We continually focus on limiting and reducing where possible our operation and maintenance expenses.  However, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations.  Increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors.  In addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees.  We provide a similar level of benefits to our management employees.  These benefits give rise to significant expenses.  Due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits.  In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees.  The measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control.  These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants.  If our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.

We may be required to record impairment charges in the future for certain of our investments, which could adversely affect our earnings.

Under GAAP, we are required to test our recorded goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired.  Although no goodwill impairments were recorded based on our annual review in the fourth quarter of 2011, we are unable to predict whether future impairment charges may be necessary.

We also review our long-lived assets, including equity investments, for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.  See Notes 9 and 18 to the Financial Statements for additional information on impairment charges taken during the reporting periods.  We are unable to predict whether impairment charges, or other losses on sales of other assets or businesses, may occur in future years.

We may incur liabilities in connection with discontinued operations.

In connection with various divestitures, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities and with respect to certain transactions.  These indemnities and guarantees relate to, among other things, liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated the divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture.

We are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, 
transmission and distribution businesses.

The conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or caused by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.

Our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses or decrease our revenues and, thus, have an adverse effect on our financial performance.

Operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels.  These events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently or lead to increased costs, expenses or losses.  Operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue or increased expense, including higher maintenance costs which may not be recoverable from customers.  Planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.

23

Although we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us fully in the event losses occur.

The operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.

Numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems.  The operation of our generation plants, including the Susquehanna nuclear plant, and of our energy and fuel trading businesses, as well as our transmission and distribution operations are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, principally by terrorists or vandals, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events.  As a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages and costs to replace or repair damaged equipment.

We are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.

Changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations.  We are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities.  These tax obligations include income, property, sales and use and employment-related taxes.  We also estimate our ability to utilize tax benefits and tax credits.  Due to the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered.  We cannot predict whether such tax legislation or regulation will be introduced or enacted or the effect of any such changes on our businesses.  If enacted, any changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

We are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.

PPL is experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees.  Over the next five years, 38% of PPL's workforce is projected to leave the company, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel due to a declining trend in the number of available workers and an increase in competition for such workers.

(PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE)

Risk Related to Registrant Holding Companies

PPL's, PPL Energy Supply's and LKE's cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and PPL's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.

PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries.  Substantially all of the consolidated assets of these Registrants are held by such subsidiaries.  Accordingly, their cash flows and ability to meet their debt and guaranty obligations, as well as PPL's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or advances or repayment of loans and advances.  The subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due from their parents or to make any funds available for such a payment.  The ability of the subsidiaries of the Registrants to pay dividends or distributions to such Registrants in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of PPL Electric, LG&E and KU to pay dividends under Section 305(a) of the Federal Power Act.

Because PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries.  Therefore, PPL's, PPL Energy Supply's and LKE's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of any debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.  Although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities. In addition, if PPL elects to receive distributions of earnings from its foreign

24

operations, PPL may incur U.S. income taxes, net of any available foreign tax credits, on such amounts.  Distributions to PPL from its international projects are, in some countries, also subject to withholding taxes.

(PPL, PPL Electric, LKE, LG&E and KU)

Risks Related to Domestic Regulated Utility Operations

Our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to the Kentucky Regulated segment and the Pennsylvania Regulated segment.  Set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.

Our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments.  Regulators may not approve the rates we request.

We currently provide services to our utility customers at rates approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including those commissions referred to below.  While such regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, the rates that we may charge our regulated generation, transmission and distribution customers are subject to authorization of the applicable regulatory authorities.  There can be no assurance that such regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments.  While our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time.  With respect to PPL's November 1, 2010 acquisition of LKE, each of LG&E and KU has agreed with the KPSC, subject to certain limited exceptions such as fuel and environmental cost recoveries, that no base rate increases would take effect for their Kentucky retail customers before January 1, 2013.  Our regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will require rate increase requests to the regulators.  If our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse affect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

Our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental 
regulation.

Various federal and state entities, including but not limited to the FERC, KPSC, VSCC, TRA and PUC regulate many aspects of the domestic utility operations of PPL, including:

·

the rates that we may charge and the terms and conditions of our service and operations;

·

financial and capital structure matters;

·

siting, construction and operation of facilities;

·

mandatory reliability and safety standards and other standards of conduct;

·

accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;

·

tax matters;

·

affiliate restrictions;

·

acquisition and disposal of utility assets and securities; and

·

various other matters.

Such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties.  In any rate-setting proceedings, federal or state agencies, intervenors and other permitted parties may challenge our rate requests, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit the rates we seek.

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards.

Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system are now subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and enforced by the FERC.  Compliance with reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures, and violations of these standards could result in substantial penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.

Changes in transmission and wholesale power market structures could increase costs or 
reduce revenues.

Wholesale revenues fluctuate with regional demand, fuel prices and contracted capacity.  Changes to transmission and wholesale power market structures and prices may occur in the future, are not predictable and may result in unforeseen

25

effects on energy purchases and sales, transmission and related costs or revenues.  These can include commercial or regulatory changes affecting power pools, exchanges or markets in which PPL participates.

Our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject 
to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of 
resulting costs.

The domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of LG&E and KU) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability.  The completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:

·

approval, licensing and permitting;

·

land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;

·

skilled labor or equipment shortages;

·

construction problems or delays, including disputes with third party intervenors;

·

increases in commodity prices or labor rates;

·

contractor performance;

·

environmental considerations and regulations;

·

weather and geological issues; and

·

political, labor and regulatory developments.

Failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.

Risks Specific to Kentucky Regulated Segment

(PPL, LKE, LG&E and KU)

The costs of compliance with, and liabilities under, environmental laws are 
significant and are subject to continuing changes.

Extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to LG&E's and KU's generation business, including its air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, among other business-related activities; and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material.  In addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed.  Costs may take the form of increased capital or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures or other restrictions.  Many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products or demand for our services.

On-going changes in environmental regulations or their implementation requirements and our compliance strategies relating thereto entail a number of uncertainties.

The environmental standards governing LG&E's and KU's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to ongoing rulemakings and other regulatory developments, legislative activities, and litigation.  The uncertainties associated with these developments introduce risks to our management of operations and regulatory compliance.  Environmental developments, including revisions to applicable standards, changes in compliance deadlines, and invalidation of rules on appeal may require major changes in compliance strategies, operations or assets or adjustments to prior plans.  Depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may be subject to inconsistent requirements under multiple regulatory programs, compressed windows for decision-making and short compliance deadlines that may require aggressive schedules for construction, permitting, and other regulatory approvals.  Under such circumstances, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, or increased costs of implementation.

26

Risks Specific to Pennsylvania Regulated Segment

(PPL and PPL Electric)

We may be subject to higher transmission costs and other risks as a result of PJM's regional transmission expansion plan (RTEP) process.

PJM and the FERC have the authority to require upgrades or expansion of the regional transmission grid, which can result in substantial expenditures for transmission owners.  As discussed in Note 8 to the Financial Statements, we expect to make substantial expenditures to construct the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line that PJM has determined is necessary for the reliability of the regional transmission grid.  Although the FERC has granted our request for incentive rate treatment of such facilities, we cannot be certain that all costs that we may incur will be recoverable.  In addition, the date when these facilities will be in service, which can be significantly impacted by delays related to public opposition or other factors, is subject to the outcome of future events that are not all within our control.  As a result, we cannot predict the ultimate financial or operational impact of this project or other RTEP projects on PPL Electric.

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to Pennsylvania Conservation and Energy Efficiency Programs.

Act 129 became effective in October 2008.  This law created requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposed new PLR electricity supply procurement rules, provided remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing Alternative Energy Portfolio Standard.  The law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand by specified dates (2011 and 2013).  Utilities not meeting these requirements of Act 129 are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates.  Numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.  See "Regulatory Issues - Energy Policy Act of 2005 - Reliability Standards" in Note 15 to the Financial Statements for additional information.

Cost recovery remains subject to political risks.

Although prior initiatives have not resulted in the enactment of such legislation, the possibility remains that certain Pennsylvania legislators could introduce legislation to reinstate generation rate caps or otherwise limit cost recovery through rates for Pennsylvania utilities.  If such legislation were introduced and ultimately enacted, PPL Electric could face severe financial consequences including operating losses and significant cash flow shortfalls.  In addition, continuing uncertainty regarding PPL Electric's ability to recover its market supply and other costs of operating its business could adversely affect its credit quality, financing costs and availability of credit facilities necessary to operate its business.

(PPL)

Risks Related to International Regulated Segment

Our U.K. delivery business is subject to risks with respect to rate regulation and operational performance.

Our U.K. delivery business is rate regulated and operates under an incentive-based regulatory framework.  In addition, its ability to manage operational risk is critical to its financial performance.  Disruption to the distribution network could reduce profitability both directly through the higher costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that Ofgem has in place relating to customer service levels.

In December 2009, Ofgem completed its rate review for the five-year period from April 1, 2010 through March 31, 2015, thus reducing regulatory rate risk in the International Regulated segment until the next rate review which will be effective April 1, 2015.  The regulated income of the International Regulated segment and also the RAV are to some extent linked to movements in the Retail Price Index (RPI).  Reductions in the RPI would adversely impact revenues and the debt/RAV ratio.

Our U.K. distribution business exposes us to risks related to U.K. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and political conditions and policies of the U.K. government.  These risks may reduce the results of operations from our U.K. distribution business.

27

The acquisition, financing, development and operation of projects in the U.K. entail significant financial risks including:

·

changes in laws or regulations relating to U.K. operations, including tax laws and regulations;

·

changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;

·

changes in general economic conditions affecting the U.K.;

·

regulatory reviews of tariffs for distribution companies;

·

severe weather and natural disaster impacts on the electric sector and our assets;

·

changes in labor relations;

·

limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;

·

limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;

·

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and in converting U.K. revenues to U.S. dollars, which can increase our expenses and/or impair our ability to meet such expenses, and difficulty moving funds out of the country in which the funds were earned; and

·

compliance with U.S. foreign corrupt practices laws.

The WPD Midlands acquisition may not achieve its intended results, including anticipated cost savings, efficiencies and other benefits.

Although we completed the WPD Midlands acquisition with the expectation that it will result in various benefits, including a significant amount of cost savings and other financial and operational benefits, there can be no assurance regarding the extent to which we will be able to realize these cost-savings or other benefits.  Achieving the anticipated benefits, including cost savings, is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses acquired can be operated in the manner we intend.  Events outside of our control, including but not limited to regulatory changes or developments in the U.K., could also adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the WPD Midlands acquisition.  Thus, the integration process may be unpredictable, subject to delays or changed circumstances, and we can give no assurance that the acquired businesses will perform in accordance with our expectations.  Additional unanticipated costs may also arise during the integration process.  The integration of the WPD (East Midlands) and WPD (West Midlands) businesses may place an additional burden on our management and internal resources, and the diversion of management's attention during the integration and restructuring process could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and expected operating results.

The WPD Midlands acquisition exposes us to additional risks and uncertainties with respect to the acquired businesses and their operations.

The WPD Midlands acquisition will rebalance our business mix to a greater percentage of regulated operations.  While we believe this should help mitigate our exposure to downturns in the wholesale power markets, it will increase our dependence on rate-of-return regulation.  Although we are already exposed to risks relating to rate-of-return regulation, the WPD Midlands acquisition will increase these risks.

The acquired businesses will generally be subject to risks similar to those to which we are subject to in our pre-acquisition U.K. businesses.  These include:

·

There are various changes being contemplated by Ofgem to the current electricity distribution, gas transmission and gas distribution regulatory frameworks in the U.K. and there can be no assurance as to the effects such changes will have on our U.K. regulated businesses in the future, including the acquired businesses.  In particular, in October 2010, Ofgem announced a new regulatory framework that is expected to become effective in April 2015 for the electricity distribution sector in the U.K.  The framework, known as RIIO (Revenues = Incentives + Innovation + Outputs), focuses on sustainability, environmental-focused output measures, promotion of low carbon energy networks and financing of new investments.  The new regulatory framework is expected to have a wide-ranging effect on electricity distribution companies operating in the U.K., including changes to price controls and price review periods.  Our U.K. regulated businesses' compliance with this new regulatory framework may result in significant additional capital expenditures, increases in operating and compliance costs and adjustments to our pricing models.

·

Ofgem has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license.  We are not currently aware of any planned modification to any of our U.K. regulated businesses distribution licenses that would result in a material adverse change to the U.K. regulated businesses and PPL.  There can, however, be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the U.K. regulated businesses and PPL.

28

·

A failure to operate our U.K. networks properly could lead to compensation payments or penalties, or a failure to make capital expenditures in line with agreed investment programs could lead to deterioration of the network.  While our U.K. regulated businesses' investment programs are targeted to maintain asset conditions over a five-year period and reduce customer interruptions and customer minutes lost over that period, no assurance can be provided that these regulatory requirements will be met.

·

A failure by any of our U.K. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by Ofgem that could have an adverse impact on PPL.  Ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to 10 percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked.  Unless terminated in the circumstances mentioned above, a distribution license continues indefinitely until revoked by Ofgem following no less than 25 years' written notice.

·

We will be subject to increased foreign currency exchange rate risks because a greater portion of our cash flows and reported earnings will be generated by our U.K. business operations.  These risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the British pound sterling and the U.S. dollar between the time we initially invest U.S. dollars in our U.K. businesses and the time that cash is repatriated to the U.S. from the U.K., including cash flows from our U.K. businesses that may be distributed as future dividends to our shareholders.  In addition, our consolidated reported earnings on a U.S. GAAP basis may be subject to increased earnings translation risk, which is the result of the conversion of earnings as reported in our U.K. businesses on a British pound sterling basis to a U.S. dollar basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP requirements.

·

Environmental costs and liabilities associated with aspects of the acquired businesses may differ from those of our existing business.

Risks Related to Supply Segment

(PPL and PPL Energy Supply)

We face intense competition in our energy supply business, which may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably.

Unlike our regulated utility businesses, our energy supply business is dependent on our ability to operate in a competitive environment and is not assured of any rate of return on capital investments through a predetermined rate structure.  Competition is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and transmission capacity, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors.  These competitive factors may negatively impact our ability to sell electricity and related products and services, as well as the prices that we may charge for such products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to grow our business.

We sell our available energy and capacity into the competitive wholesale markets through contracts of varying duration.  Competition in the wholesale power markets occurs principally on the basis of the price of products and, to a lesser extent, on the basis of reliability and availability.  We believe that the commencement of commercial operation of new electric facilities in the regional markets where we own or control generation capacity and the evolution of demand side management resources will continue to increase competition in the wholesale electricity market in those regions, which could have an adverse effect on the prices we receive for electricity.

We also face competition in the wholesale markets for electricity capacity and ancillary services.  We primarily compete with other electricity suppliers based on our ability to aggregate supplies at competitive prices from different sources and to efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and transmission from electric utilities and ISOs.  We also compete against other energy marketers on the basis of relative financial condition and access to credit sources, and our competitors may have greater financial resources than we have.

Competitors in the wholesale power markets in which PPL Generation subsidiaries and PPL EnergyPlus operate include regulated utilities, industrial companies, non-utility generators and competitive subsidiaries of regulated utilities.  In the past, the PUHCA significantly restricted mergers and acquisitions and other investments in the electric utility sector.  Entirely new competitors, including financial institutions, have entered the energy markets as a result of the repeal of the original PUHCA in 2006.  The repeal of the original PUHCA also may lead to consolidation in our industry, resulting in competitors with significantly greater financial resources than we have.

29

Adverse changes in commodity prices and related costs may decrease our future energy margins, which could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.

Our energy margins, or the amount by which our revenues from the sale of power exceed our costs to supply power, are impacted by changes in market prices for electricity, fuel, fuel transportation, emission allowances, RECs, electricity transmission and related congestion charges and other costs.  Unlike most commodities, the limited ability to store electric power requires that it must be consumed at the time of production.  As a result, wholesale market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and can be unpredictable.  Among the factors that influence such prices are:

·

supply and demand for electricity available from current or new generation resources;

·

variable production costs, primarily fuel (and the associated fuel transportation costs) and emission allowance expense for the generation resources used to meet the demand for electricity;

·

transmission capacity and service into, or out of, markets served;

·

changes in the regulatory framework for wholesale power markets;

·

liquidity in the wholesale electricity market, as well as general creditworthiness of key participants in the market; and

·

weather and economic conditions impacting demand for or the price of electricity or the facilities necessary to deliver electricity.

We do not always hedge against risks associated with electricity and fuel price volatility.

We attempt to mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual electricity sales obligations by either reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity or purchasing the necessary financial or physical products and services through competitive markets to satisfy our net firm sales contracts.  We also routinely enter into contracts, such as fuel and electricity purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our exposure to fuel requirements and other electricity-related commodities.  However, based on economic and other considerations, we may decide not to hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price risk.  To the extent we do not hedge against commodity price risk, our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected.

We are exposed to operational, price and credit risks associated with selling and marketing products in the wholesale and retail electricity markets.

We purchase and sell electricity in wholesale markets under market-based tariffs authorized by FERC throughout the U.S. and also enter into short-term agreements to market available electricity and capacity from our generation assets with the expectation of profiting from market price fluctuations.  If we are unable to deliver firm capacity and electricity under these agreements, we could be required to pay damages.  These damages would generally be based on the difference between the market price to acquire replacement capacity or electricity and the contract price of any undelivered capacity or electricity.  Depending on price volatility in the wholesale electricity markets, such damages could be significant.  Extreme weather conditions, unplanned generation facility outages, environmental compliance costs, transmission disruptions, and other factors could affect our ability to meet our obligations, or cause significant increases in the market price of replacement capacity and electricity.

Our wholesale power agreements typically include provisions requiring us to post collateral for the benefit of our counterparties if the market price of energy varies from the contract prices in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  We currently believe that we have sufficient credit to fulfill our potential collateral obligations under these power contracts.  Our obligation to post collateral could exceed the amount of our facilities or our ability to increase our facilities could be limited by financial markets or other factors.  See Note 7 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of PPL's credit facilities.

We also face credit risk that parties with whom we contract in both the wholesale and retail markets will default in their performance, in which case we may have to sell our electricity into a lower-priced market or make purchases in a higher-priced market than existed at the time of contract.  Whenever feasible, we attempt to mitigate these risks using various means, including agreements that require our counterparties to post collateral for our benefit if the market price of energy varies from the contract price in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  However, there can be no assurance that we will avoid counterparty nonperformance risk, which could adversely impact our ability to meet our obligations to other parties, which could in turn subject us to claims for damages.

The load following contracts that PPL EnergyPlus is awarded do not provide for specific levels of load and actual load significantly below or above our forecasts could adversely affect our energy margins.

30

We generally hedge our load following obligations with energy purchases from third parties, and to a lesser extent with our own generation.  If the actual load is significantly lower than the expected load, we may be required to resell power at a lower price than was contracted for to supply the load obligation, resulting in a financial loss.  Alternatively, a significant increase in load could adversely affect our energy margins because we are required under the terms of the load following contracts to provide the energy necessary to fulfill increased demand at the contract price, which could be lower than the cost to procure additional energy on the open market.  Therefore, any significant decrease or increase in load compared with our forecasts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.

We may experience disruptions in our fuel supply, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our generation facilities.

We purchase fuel from a number of suppliers.  Disruption in the delivery of fuel and other products consumed during the production of electricity (such as coal, natural gas, oil, water, uranium, lime, limestone and other chemicals), including disruptions as a result of weather, transportation difficulties, global demand and supply dynamics, labor relations, environmental regulations or the financial viability of our fuel suppliers, could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations.

Our risk management policy and programs relating to electricity and fuel prices, interest rates, foreign currency and counterparty credit and non-performance risks may not work as planned, and we may suffer economic losses despite such programs.

We actively manage the market risk inherent in our generation and energy marketing activities, as well as our debt, foreign currency and counterparty credit positions.  We have implemented procedures to monitor compliance with our risk management policy and programs, including independent validation of transaction and market prices, verification of risk and transaction limits, portfolio stress tests, sensitivity analyses and daily portfolio reporting of various risk management metrics.  Nonetheless, our risk management programs may not work as planned.  For example, actual electricity and fuel prices may be significantly different or more volatile than the historical trends and assumptions upon which we based our risk management calculations.  Additionally, unforeseen market disruptions could decrease market depth and liquidity, negatively impacting our ability to enter into new transactions.  We enter into financial contracts to hedge commodity basis risk, and as a result are exposed to the risk that the correlation between delivery points could change with actual physical delivery.  Similarly, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates could change in significant ways that our risk management procedures were not designed to address.  As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on us if actual events result in greater losses or costs than our risk models predict or greater volatility in our earnings and financial position.

In addition, our trading, marketing and hedging activities are exposed to counterparty credit risk and market liquidity risk.  We have adopted a credit risk management policy and program to evaluate counterparty credit risk.  However, if counterparties fail to perform, the risk of which has increased due to the economic downturn, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices.  In that event, our financial results are likely to be adversely affected.

Our costs to comply with existing and new environmental laws are expected to continue to be significant, and we plan to incur significant capital expenditures for pollution control improvements that, if delayed, would adversely affect our profitability and liquidity.

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection.  To comply with existing and future environmental requirements and as a result of voluntary pollution control measures we may take, we have spent and expect to spend substantial amounts in the future on environmental control and compliance.

In order to comply with existing and proposed federal and state environmental laws and regulations primarily governing air emissions from coal-fired plants, in 2005 PPL began a program to install scrubbers and other pollution control equipment (primarily aimed at sulfur dioxide, particulate matter and nitrogen oxides with co-benefits for mercury emissions reduction).  The cost to install this equipment was approximately $1.6 billion.  The scrubbers at our Montour and Brunner Island plants are now in service.  Many states and environmental groups have challenged certain federal laws and regulations relating to air emissions as not being sufficiently strict.  As a result, it is possible that state and federal regulations will be adopted that would impose more stringent restrictions than are currently in effect, which could require us to significantly increase capital expenditures for additional pollution control equipment.

We may not be able to obtain or maintain all environmental regulatory approvals necessary for our planned capital projects which are necessary to our business.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval or if we

31

fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at our affected facilities could be halted, reduced or subjected to additional costs.  Furthermore, at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units.

For more information regarding environmental matters, including existing and proposed federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations to which we are subject, see "Environmental Matters - Domestic" in Note 15 to the Financial Statements.

We rely on transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control to deliver our wholesale electricity.  If transmission is disrupted, or not operated efficiently, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver power may be hindered.

We depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities and other energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell in the wholesale market, as well as the natural gas we purchase for use in our electric generation facilities.  If transmission is disrupted (as a result of weather, natural disasters or other reasons) or not operated efficiently by ISOs and RTOs, in applicable markets, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual obligations may be hindered, or we may be unable to sell products at the most favorable terms.

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis.  Although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available or that transmission capacity will not be available in the amounts we require.  We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities in specific markets or whether ISOs and RTOs in applicable markets will efficiently operate transmission networks and provide related services.

Despite federal and state deregulation initiatives, our supply business is still subject to extensive regulation, which may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, or prevent or delay operation of our facilities.

Our generation subsidiaries sell electricity into the wholesale market.  Generally, our generation subsidiaries and our marketing subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the FERC.  The FERC has authorized us to sell generation from our facilities and power from our marketing subsidiaries at market-based prices.  The FERC retains the authority to modify or withdraw our market-based rate authority and to impose "cost of service" rates if it determines that the market is not competitive, that we possess market power or that we are not charging just and reasonable rates.  Any reduction by the FERC in the rates we may receive or any unfavorable regulation of our business by state regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations.  See "FERC Market-Based Rate Authority" in Note 15 to the Financial Statements for information regarding recent court decisions that could impact the FERC's market-based rate authority program.

In addition, the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of electricity generation facilities require numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from federal, state and local governmental agencies.  We may not be able to obtain or maintain all required regulatory approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approval or fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, the operation of our assets and our sales of electricity could be prevented or delayed or become subject to additional costs.

If market deregulation is reversed or discontinued, our business prospects and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

In some markets, state legislators, government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to change the use of market-based pricing, re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been competitive or permit electricity delivery companies to construct or acquire generating facilities.  The ISOs that oversee the transmission systems in certain wholesale electricity markets have from time to time been authorized to impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address extremely high prices in the power markets.  These types of price limitations and other mechanisms may reduce profits that our wholesale power marketing and trading business would have realized under competitive market conditions absent such limitations and mechanisms.  Although we generally expect electricity markets to continue to be competitive, other proposals to re-regulate our industry may be made, and legislative or other actions affecting the electric power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued or reversed in states in which we currently, or may in the future, operate.  See "New Jersey Capacity Legislation" in Note 15 to the Financial Statements.

Changes in technology may negatively impact the value of our power plants.

A basic premise of our generation business is that generating electricity at central power plants achieves economies of scale and produces electricity at relatively low prices.  There are alternate technologies to produce electricity, most notably fuel

32

cells, micro turbines, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, the development of which has been expanded due to global climate change concerns.  Research and development activities are ongoing to seek improvements in alternate technologies.  It is possible that advances will reduce the cost of alternate methods of electricity production to a level that is equal to or below that of certain central station production.  Also, as new technologies are developed and become available, the quantity and pattern of electricity usage (the "demand") by customers could decline, with a corresponding decline in revenues derived by generators.  These alternative energy sources could result in a decline to the dispatch and capacity factors of our plants.  As a result of all of these factors, the value of our generation facilities could be significantly reduced.

We are subject to certain risks associated with nuclear generation, including the risk that our Susquehanna nuclear plant could become subject to increased security or safety requirements that would increase capital and operating expenditures, uncertainties regarding spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties associated with decommissioning our plant at the end of its licensed life.

Nuclear generation accounted for about 28% of our 2011 generation output.  The risks of nuclear generation generally include:

·

the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;

·

limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses and liabilities that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and

·

uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.  The licenses for our two nuclear units expire in 2042 and 2044.  See Note 21 to the Financial Statements for additional information on the ARO related to the decommissioning.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing requirements, including security, safety and employee-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  In addition, revised security or safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital or operating expenditures at our Susquehanna nuclear plant.  There also remains substantial uncertainty regarding the temporary storage and permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel, which could result in substantial additional costs to PPL that cannot be predicted.  In addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our Susquehanna plant, if an incident did occur, any resulting operational loss, damages and injuries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  See Note 15 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of nuclear insurance.