PPL,
 PPL
 Energy Supply and PPL Electric face various risks associated with their
 businesses. While we have tried to identify below the risks we currently
 consider material, these risks are not the only risks that we face. Additional
 risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
 impair our business operations. Our businesses, financial condition, cash flows
 or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these
 risks. In addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other
 statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. See
 "Forward-Looking Information," "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. Management's
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
 Note 14 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the risks
 described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact
 our businesses and financial results.

As
 used
 in this Item 1A., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to PPL and
 its
 consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to PPL Energy Supply and its
 consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Supply and International
 Delivery segment discussions, or PPL Electric and its consolidated subsidiaries
 taken as a whole within the Pennsylvania Delivery segment
 discussion.

Risks
 Related to Supply Segment

(
PPL
 and PPL Energy Supply

)

Adverse
 changes in commodity prices and related costs may decrease our future energy
 margins, which could adversely affect our earnings and cash
 flows.

Our
 energy margins, or the amount by which our revenues from the sale of power
 exceed our costs of supplying power, are impacted by changes in the market
 prices for electricity, as well as fluctuations in fuel prices, fuel
 transportation costs, electricity transmission and related congestion charges
 and other costs. Unlike most other commodities, electric power cannot be stored
 and must be produced at the time of use. As a result, the wholesale market
 prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods
 of time and can be unpredictable. Among the factors that can influence such
 prices are:

 ·

 demand
 for electricity and additional supplies of electricity available
 from
 current or new generation resources;

 ·

 variable
 production costs, primarily fuel (and the associated fuel transportation
 costs) and emission allowance expense, for the generation resources
 used
 to meet the demand for electricity;

 ·

 capacity
 and transmission service into, or out of, markets
 served;

 ·

 changes
 in the regulatory framework for wholesale power
 markets;

 ·

 liquidity
 in the general wholesale electricity market; and

 ·

 weather
 conditions impacting demand for electricity or the facilities necessary
 to
 deliver electricity.

See
 Exhibit 99(b) for more information concerning the market fluctuations in
 wholesale energy, fuel and emission allowance prices over the past five
 years.

Whether
 we decide to, or are able to, continue to enter into or renew long-term power
 sales and fuel purchase and fuel transportation agreements in order to mitigate
 market price and supply risk may affect our earnings.

A
 substantial portion of our anticipated generation production currently is
 committed under long-term power sales agreements that include fixed prices
 for
 our electric power. We also enter into long-term fuel purchase and fuel
 transportation agreements that include fixed prices. Whether we decide to,
 or
 are able to, continue to enter into such agreements or renew existing agreements
 and the market conditions at that time will affect our financial performance.
 For instance, in the absence of long-term power sales agreements, we would
 sell
 the energy, capacity and other products from our facilities into the competitive
 wholesale power markets under contracts of shorter duration at then-current
 market prices. Although the current forward prices for electricity significantly
 exceed the prices available under our current long-term power sales agreements,
 this situation may not continue. In addition, if we do not secure or maintain
 favorable long-term fuel purchase and fuel transportation agreements for our
 power generation facilities, our fuel costs (and the associated fuel
 transportation costs) could exceed the revenues that we derive from our energy
 sales. Given the volatility and potential for material differences between
 actual electricity prices and fuel and other costs, if we do not secure or
 maintain long-term electricity sales and fuel purchase and fuel transportation
 agreements, our margins will be subject to increased volatility and, depending
 on future electricity and fuel costs (and the associated fuel transportation
 costs), our financial results may be materially adversely affected.

Disruptions
 in our fuel supplies could occur, which could adversely affect our ability
 to
 operate our generation facilities.

We
 purchase fuel from a number of suppliers. Disruption in the delivery of fuel,
 including disruptions as a result of weather, transportation difficulties,
 labor
 relations or environmental regulations affecting our fuel suppliers, could
 adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, which could result
 in
 lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of
 operations.

Our
 generation facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our
 expenses or decrease our revenues and, thus, have an adverse effect on our
 financial performance.

Our
 ability to manage operational risk with respect to our generation plants is
 critical to our financial performance. Operation of our power plants at expected
 capacity levels involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of
 equipment or processes, accidents, labor disputes and fuel interruption. In
 addition, weather and natural disasters can disrupt our generation plants.
 Weather conditions also have a direct impact on the river flows required to
 operate our hydroelectric plants at expected capacity levels. Depending on
 the
 timing and duration of both planned and unplanned complete or partial outages
 at
 our power plants (in particular, if such outages are during peak periods or
 during periods of, or caused by, severe weather), our revenues from energy
 sales
 could be significantly decreased and our expenses significantly increased,
 and
 we could be required to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy
 our energy sales commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages
 for our failure to satisfy them. While we have been successful in the past
 several years in increasing fleet-wide equivalent availability (i.e., the
 percentage of time in a year that a generating unit is capable of producing
 power) from the low 80% range to over 90%, many of our generating units are
 reaching mid-life, and we are faced with the potential for outages of longer
 duration to accommodate significant investments in major component
 replacements.

Changes
 in technology may impair the value of our power
 plants.

A
 basic
 premise of our business is that generating electricity at central power plants
 achieves economies of scale and produces electricity at a relatively low price.
 There are other technologies for producing electricity, most notably fuel cells,
 microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells. Research and
 development activities are ongoing to seek improvements in the alternate
 technologies. It is possible that advances will reduce the cost of alternate
 methods of electric production to a level that is equal to or below that of
 most
 central station electric production. If this were to happen, the value of our
 generation facilities may be significantly impaired.

We
 rely on transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control
 to
 deliver our wholesale electricity and natural gas. If transmission is disrupted,
 or not operated efficiently, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell
 and deliver power may be hindered.

We
 depend
 on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities
 and
 other energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to
 the
 wholesale market, as well as the natural gas we purchase for use in our electric
 generation facilities. If transmission is disrupted (as a result of weather,
 natural disasters or other reasons) or not operated efficiently by ISOs, in
 applicable markets, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and
 deliver products and satisfy our contractual obligations may be hindered, or
 we
 may be unable to sell products on the most favorable terms.

The
 FERC
 has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services
 to
 be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis. Although these
 regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market
 transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access
 to transmission systems will not be available or that sufficient transmission
 capacity will not be available to transmit electricity as we desire. We cannot
 predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or
 the
 adequacy of transmission facilities in specific markets or whether ISOs in
 applicable markets will operate the transmission networks, and provide related
 services, efficiently.

The
 PLR contracts do not provide for a specific level of supply, and demand
 significantly below or above our forecasts could adversely affect our energy
 margins.

PPL
 Electric has agreed to provide electricity supply to its PLR customers at
 predetermined capped rates through 2009 and has entered into PUC-approved,
 full
 requirements energy supply agreements with PPL EnergyPlus at the rates PPL
 Electric is entitled to charge its PLR customers in order to fulfill its PLR
 obligation. If PPL Electric's customers obtain electricity from alternate
 suppliers, which they are entitled to do at any time, PPL EnergyPlus' sales
 of
 electricity under the PLR contracts may decrease. 

Alternatively,
 demand that we satisfy pursuant to the PLR contracts could increase as a result
 of severe weather conditions, economic development or other reasons over which
 we have no control. We satisfy our electricity supply obligations through a
 portfolio approach of providing electricity from our generation assets,
 contractual relationships and market purchases. At December 31, 2005, the PLR
 requirements required over 70% of the normal operating capacity of our existing
 Pennsylvania generation assets. A significant increase in demand would adversely
 affect our energy margins because we are required under the terms of the PLR
 contracts to provide the energy supply to fulfill this increased demand at
 the
 capped rates, which we expect to remain significantly below the wholesale prices
 at which we would have to purchase the additional supply if needed or, if we
 had
 available capacity, the prices at which we could otherwise sell the additional
 supply. Accordingly, any significant increase in demand could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 

PPL
 Electric's PLR obligation after 2009 will be determined by the PUC pursuant
 to
 rules that have not yet been promulgated. While regulations governing PLR
 obligations after 2009 have been proposed for comment by the PUC, at this time,
 we cannot predict the content of the final regulations, including whether they
 will include requirements regarding the length, pricing or other terms of PLR
 contracts, or when the regulations will be finalized. We also cannot predict
 the
 extent to which PPL EnergyPlus will sell power to PPL Electric after
 2009.

We
 face intense competition in our energy supply business, which may adversely
 affect our ability to operate profitably.

Unlike
 our regulated delivery businesses, our energy supply business is not assured
 of
 any rate of return on our capital investments through predetermined rates,
 and
 our revenues and results of operations are dependent on our ability to operate
 in a competitive environment. We expect the deregulated electricity markets
 to
 continue to be competitive. Competition is impacted by electricity and fuel
 prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets,
 technological advances in power generation, the actions of regulatory
 authorities and other factors. These competitive factors may negatively impact
 our ability to sell energy and related products and the prices which we may
 charge for such products, which could adversely affect our results of operations
 and our ability to grow our business.

Following
 the expiration of our existing long-term power sales agreements, we currently
 expect to sell a significant portion of our available capacity into the
 competitive wholesale markets through contracts of shorter duration. Competition
 in the wholesale power markets will occur principally on the basis of the price
 of products and, to a lesser extent, on the basis of reliability and
 availability. We expect the commencement of commercial operation of new electric
 facilities in the regional markets where we own or control generation capacity
 will continue to increase the competitiveness of the wholesale electricity
 market in those regions, which could have a material adverse effect on the
 prices we receive for electricity.

We
 also
 face competition in the wholesale markets for electricity capacity and ancillary
 services. We primarily compete with other electricity merchants based on our
 ability to aggregate supplies at competitive prices from different sources
 and
 to efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and
 transmission from electric utilities and ISOs. We also compete against other
 energy marketers on the basis of relative financial condition and access to
 credit sources, and many of our competitors have greater financial resources
 than we have.

Competitors
 in the wholesale power markets in which PPL Generation subsidiaries and PPL
 EnergyPlus operate include regulated utilities, industrial companies,
 non-utility generators and unregulated subsidiaries of regulated utilities.
 In
 the past, PUHCA significantly restricted mergers and acquisitions and other
 investments in the electric utility sector. Entirely new competitors, including
 financial institutions, may enter the energy markets as a result of the recent
 repeal of PUHCA. The repeal of PUHCA also may lead to consolidation in our
 industry, resulting in competitors with significantly greater financial
 resources than we have.

If
 the present trend towards competitive markets is reversed, discontinued or
 delayed, our business prospects and financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected.

Some
 deregulated electricity markets have experienced supply problems and price
 volatility. In some of these markets, government agencies and other interested
 parties have made proposals to delay market restructuring or even re-regulate
 areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. For example,
 in
 2001, the FERC instituted a series of price controls designed to mitigate (or
 cap) prices in the entire western U.S. to address the extreme volatility in
 the
 California electricity markets. These price controls have had the effect of
 significantly lowering spot and forward electricity prices in the western
 market. In addition, the independent system operators, or ISOs, that oversee
 the
 transmission systems in certain wholesale electricity markets have from time
 to
 time been authorized to impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address
 volatility in the power markets. These types of price limitations and other
 mechanisms may reduce the profits that our wholesale power marketing and trading
 business would have realized based on competitive market conditions absent
 such
 limitations and mechanisms. Although we expect the deregulated electricity
 markets to continue to be competitive, other proposals to re-regulate our
 industry may be made, and legislative or other action affecting the electric
 power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued
 or
 reversed in the states in which we currently, or may in the future, operate.

We
 are exposed to operational, price and credit risks associated with selling
 and
 marketing products in the wholesale electricity
 markets.

We
 purchase and sell electricity at the wholesale level under market-based tariffs
 authorized by the FERC throughout the United States and also enter into
 short-term agreements to market available electricity and capacity from our
 generation assets with the expectation of profiting from market price
 fluctuations. If we are unable to deliver firm capacity and electricity under
 these agreements, we could be required to pay damages. These damages would
 generally be based on the difference between the market price to acquire
 replacement capacity or electricity and the contract price of the undelivered
 capacity or electricity. Depending on price volatility in the wholesale
 electricity markets, such damages could be significant. Extreme weather
 conditions, unplanned generation facility outages, transmissions disruptions,
 and other factors could affect our ability to meet our obligations, or cause
 significant increases in the market price of replacement capacity and
 electricity.

In
 addition, our power agreements typically include provisions requiring us to
 post
 collateral for the benefit of the counterparties if the market price of energy
 varies from the contract prices by certain thresholds. At December 31, 2005,
 we
 posted $540 million of collateral, in the form of letters of credit, under
 these
 contracts. Although we currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity
 facilities to fulfill our potential collateral obligations under these
 contracts, we have increased over the past two years our available liquidity
 facilities (from $1.1 billion at December 31, 2004 to $2.4 billion at December
 31, 2005) to satisfy these collateral obligations and to maintain our credit
 ratings due, in significant part, to the potential collateral requirements
 under
 these contracts.

We
 also
 face credit risk that parties with whom we contract will default in their
 performance, in which case we may have to sell our electricity into a
 lower-priced market or make purchases in a higher priced market than existed
 at
 the time of contract. We attempt to mitigate these risks through various means,
 including through agreements that require our counterparties to post collateral
 for our benefit if the market price of energy varies from the contract prices
 beyond certain thresholds. However, there can be no assurance that we will
 avoid
 counterparty non-performance. Counterparty non-performance could adversely
 impact our ability to fully meet our obligations to other parties, which could
 in turn subject us to claims for damages. 

We
 do not always hedge against risks associated with electricity and fuel price
 volatility.

We
 attempt to mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual electricity
 sales arrangements by reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity
 to
 satisfy our net firm sales contracts. We also routinely enter into contracts,
 such as fuel and electricity purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our
 exposure to weather conditions, fuel requirements and other electricity-related
 commodities. However, based on economic and other considerations, we may not
 hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility.
 To
 the extent we do not hedge against commodity price volatility, our results
 of
 operations and financial position may be adversely affected.

Our
 risk management policy and programs relating to electricity and fuel prices,
 interest rates, foreign currency and counterparties, may not work as planned,
 and we may suffer economic losses despite such
 programs.

We
 actively manage the market risk inherent in our electricity and fuel, debt,
 foreign currency and counterparty credit positions. We have implemented
 procedures to enhance and monitor compliance with our risk management policy
 and
 programs, including validation of transaction and market prices, verification
 of
 risk and transaction limits, sensitivity analyses and daily portfolio reporting
 of various risk measurement metrics. Nonetheless, adverse changes in electricity
 and fuel prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and
 counterparty credit exposures may result in losses in our earnings or cash
 flows
 and adversely affect our balance sheet.

Our
 risk
 management programs may not work as planned. For instance, actual electricity
 and fuel prices may be significantly different or more volatile than the
 historical trends and assumptions upon which we based our risk management
 positions. Similarly, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates could
 change in significant ways that our risk management procedures were not set
 up
 to address. As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk
 management decisions may have on us if actual events lead to greater losses
 or
 costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. If our risk
 management positions are ineffective in this way, we could be subject to
 mark-to-market accounting with respect to certain of our risk management
 contracts, which could lead to significant volatility in our earnings and our
 balance sheet.

In
 addition, our trading, marketing and risk management activities are exposed
 to
 the credit risk that counterparties that owe us money, electricity or fuel
 will
 breach their obligations. We have established a risk management policy and
 programs, including credit risk programs, to evaluate counterparty credit risk.
 However, if counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be
 forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices.
 In
 that event, our financial results are likely to be adversely
 affected.

Despite
 federal and state deregulation initiatives, our supply business is still subject
 to extensive regulation, which may increase our costs, reduce our revenues,
 or
 prevent or delay operation of our facilities.

Our
 U.S.
 generation subsidiaries sell electricity into the wholesale market. Generally,
 our generation subsidiaries and our marketing subsidiaries are subject to
 regulation by the FERC. The FERC has authorized us to sell generation from
 our
 facilities and power from our marketing subsidiaries at market-based prices.
 The
 FERC retains the authority to modify or withdraw our market-based rate authority
 and to impose "cost of service" rates if it determines that the market is not
 workably competitive, that we possess market power or that we are not charging
 just and reasonable rates. See "Item 3. Legal Proceedings - FERC Market-Based
 Rate Authority," for the status of FERC's review of our Western market-based
 rate filing for PPL Montana. Any reduction by the FERC in the rates we may
 receive or any unfavorable regulation of our business by state regulators could
 materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

In
 addition, the acquisition, ownership and operation of electricity generation
 facilities require numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from
 federal, state and local governmental agencies. We may not be able to obtain
 or
 maintain all required regulatory approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining
 any
 required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required
 approval or fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, the operation
 of our assets and our sales of electricity could be prevented or delayed or
 become subject to additional costs. 

Our
 costs to comply with existing and new environmental laws are expected to
 continue to be significant, and we plan to incur significant capital
 expenditures on pollution control measures that, if delayed, would adversely
 affect our profitability and liquidity.

Our
 business is subject to extensive federal, state and local statutes, rules and
 regulations relating to environmental protection. To comply with existing and
 future environmental requirements and as a result of voluntary pollution control
 measures we may take, we expect to spend substantial amounts in the future
 on
 environmental control and compliance. For example, as a result of existing
 and
 recently-enacted federal environmental laws and regulations governing air
 emissions from coal-burning plants (in particular, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen
 oxide and mercury emissions), as of December 31, 2005, we planned to spend
 about
 $1.5 billion from 2005 through 2010 to install pollution control equipment
 at
 certain of our coal plants.

With
 respect to sulfur dioxide emission reduction, based on expected levels of
 generation, emission allowance shortfalls that would otherwise occur without
 significant purchases of allowances and projected emission allowance prices,
 we
 have determined that it is more economic to install sulfur dioxide scrubbers
 at
 certain of our plants rather than purchase necessary allowances in order to
 meet
 environmental requirements. Specifically, we plan to install scrubbers at our
 Montour Units 1 and 2 and Brunner Island Unit 3 by 2008 and at our Brunner
 Island Units 1 and 2 during 2009. Following the installation of the scrubbers,
 we expect to have excess emission allowances that we could sell at then-current
 market prices. Any significant delay in our installation of these scrubbers
 would adversely affect our profitability and liquidity, since we would be
 required to purchase rather than sell emission allowances.

There
 also is growing concern nationally and internationally about carbon dioxide
 and
 other greenhouse gas emissions (including concern about global warming).
 Further, many states and environmental groups have also challenged certain
 of
 the federal laws and regulations relating to air emissions as not being
 sufficiently strict. As a result, it is possible that state and federal
 regulations will be developed that will impose more stringent limitations on
 emissions than are currently in effect.

We
 may
 not be able to obtain or maintain all environmental regulatory approvals
 necessary for our planned capital projects or which are otherwise necessary
 to
 our business. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental
 regulatory approval or if we fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such
 approval, operations at our affected facilities could be halted or subjected
 to
 additional costs. Further, at some of our older facilities it may be
 uneconomical for us to install the necessary equipment, which may cause us
 to
 shut down those generation units.

We
 are subject to the risks of nuclear generation, including the risk that our
 Susquehanna nuclear plant could become subject to revised security or safety
 requirements that would increase our capital and operating expenditures, and
 uncertainties associated with decommissioning our plant at the end of its
 licensed life.

Nuclear
 generation accounted for about 30% of our 2005 generation output. The risks
 of
 nuclear generation generally include:

 ·

 the
 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting
 from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling
 and
 disposal of radioactive materials;

 ·

 limitations
 on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover
 losses and liabilities that might arise in connection with nuclear
 operations; and

 ·

 uncertainties
 with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning
 nuclear plants at the end of their licensed
 lives.

The
 NRC
 has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing requirements, as
 well
 as security-related and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear
 generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority
 to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment
 of
 the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. In addition,
 revised security or safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate
 substantial capital or operating expenditures at our Susquehanna nuclear plant.
 In addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident
 at our Susquehanna plant, if an incident did occur, any resulting operational
 loss, damages and injuries could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

A
 continued increase in the price of crude oil could result in a phase-out of
 the
 significant tax credits that we receive based on our production and sale of
 synthetic fuel and a reduction in the availability of synthetic fuel that we
 purchase from unaffiliated third parties, which could adversely affect our
 results of operations and cash flows.

We
 have
 interests in two synthetic fuel facilities and receive tax credits pursuant
 to
 Section 29 of the Internal Revenue Code based on our sale of synthetic fuel
 to
 unaffiliated third-party purchasers. We also purchase synthetic fuel from
 unaffiliated third parties, at prices below the market price of coal, for use
 at
 our coal-fired power plants. The availability of the Section 29 tax credits
 is
 scheduled to expire after 2007. In addition, Section 29 provides for the
 phase-out of the tax credit when the average reference price for crude oil,
 as
 adjusted for inflation, falls within a certain range, and the tax credits are
 completely eliminated if the reference price exceeds the phase-out range. We
 do
 not expect any phase-out for 2005, but we cannot predict whether these credits
 will be phased out for 2006 or 2007, or the inflation for these years that
 affects the determination of the phase-out range of the tax credit. We have
 entered into economic hedge transactions that will serve to mitigate some of
 the
 earnings and cash flow impact that increases in crude oil prices for 2006 and
 2007 within the phase-out range would have on our synthetic fuel operations.
 However, if the price of crude oil remains at or increases above current levels,
 we expect to experience a significant reduction in our synthetic fuel tax
 credits, which would adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows
 for those years. Based on forecast oil prices and other market factors for
 2006
 and 2007, we will evaluate our synthetic fuel production levels and operations.
 Furthermore, the suppliers of synthetic fuel to our coal-fired plants could
 decide to cease or reduce their synthetic fuel operations as a result of the
 impact of higher crude oil prices on their tax credits, requiring us to seek
 alternative synthetic fuel supply or to meet our supply needs with coal, which
 would significantly increase our fuel costs.

Risks
 Related to International Delivery Segment

(
PPL
 and PPL Energy Supply

)

Our
 international delivery businesses also are subject to risks with respect to
 rate-regulation and operational performance.

Like
 our
 Pennsylvania delivery businesses, our international delivery businesses are
 rate-regulated. In addition, their ability to manage operational risk is
 critical to their financial performance. Accordingly, these businesses are
 subject to the same risks as those described below "Risks Related to
 Pennsylvania Delivery Segment." 

Our
 international delivery businesses expose us to risks related to laws of other
 countries, taxes, economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
 rates, political and social conditions and policies of foreign governments.
 These risks may reduce our results of operations from our delivery
 businesses.

The
 acquisition, financing, development and operation of projects outside of the
 United States entail significant financial risks, which vary by country,
 including:

 ·

 changes
 in foreign laws or regulations relating to foreign operations, including
 tax laws and regulations;

 ·

 changes
 in United States laws related to foreign operations, including tax
 laws
 and regulations;

 ·

 changes
 in government policies, personnel or approval
 requirements;

 ·

 changes
 in general economic conditions affecting each country;

 ·

 regulatory
 reviews of tariffs for local distribution companies;

 ·

 severe
 weather and natural disaster impacts on the electric sector and our
 assets
 in each country;

 ·

 material
 increases in the cost of generation supply for our local distribution
 customers;

 ·

 changes
 in labor relations in foreign operations;

 ·

 limitations
 on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or
 distributions to foreign investors;

 ·

 limitations
 on ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders
 and
 lack of local capital or loans;

 ·

 fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates and difficulty in converting our foreign
 funds
 to U.S. dollars, which can increase our expenses and/or impair our
 ability
 to meet such expenses, and difficulty moving funds out of the country
 in
 which the funds were earned;

 ·

 limitations
 on ability to import or export property and equipment;

 ·

 compliance
 with United States foreign corrupt practices laws;

 ·

 political
 instability and civil unrest; and

 ·

 expropriation
 and confiscation of assets and
 facilities.

Our
 international operations are subject to regulation by various foreign
 governments and regulatory authorities. The laws and regulations of some
 countries may limit our ability to hold a majority interest in some of the
 projects that we may develop or acquire, thus limiting our ability to control
 the development, construction and operation of those projects. In addition,
 the
 legal environment in foreign countries in which we currently own assets or
 projects or may develop projects in the future could make it more difficult
 for
 us to enforce our rights under agreements relating to such projects. Our
 international projects also may be subject to risks of being delayed, suspended
 or terminated by the applicable foreign governments or may be subject to risks
 of contract invalidation by commercial or governmental entities.

Despite
 contractual or other protections we have against many of these risks for our
 international operations or potential investments in the future, our actual
 results and the value of our investments may be adversely affected by the
 occurrence of any of these events.

Risks
 Related to Pennsylvania Delivery Segment

(
PPL
 and PPL Electric

)

Regulators
 may not approve the rates we request.

Our
 Pennsylvania delivery businesses are rate-regulated. While such regulation
 is
 generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable
 rate of return on invested capital, the rates that we may charge our delivery
 customers are subject to authorization of the applicable regulatory authorities,
 and there is no guarantee that the rates authorized by regulators will match
 our
 actual costs or provide a particular return on invested capital at any given
 time.

Our
 transmission and distribution facilities may not operate as planned, which
 may
 increase our expenses or decrease our revenues and, thus, have an adverse effect
 on our financial performance.

Our
 ability to manage operational risk with respect to our transmission and
 distribution systems is critical to the financial performance of our delivery
 business. Our delivery business also faces several risks, including the
 breakdown or failure of or damage to equipment or processes (especially due
 to
 severe weather or natural disasters), accidents and labor disputes. Operation
 of
 our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenues or
 increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs.

PPL
 Electric generally bears the risk, through 2009, that it will not be able to
 obtain adequate energy supply at the predetermined capped rates it may charge
 to
 its PLR customers.

In
 order
 to mitigate the risk that we will not be able to obtain adequate energy supply,
 through 2009, at the predetermined capped rates we may charge to our PLR
 customers, we have entered into PUC-approved, full requirements energy supply
 agreements with PPL EnergyPlus at these capped rates. Under one of the PLR
 contracts, we are required to make performance assurance deposits with PPL
 EnergyPlus when the market price of electricity is less than the contract price
 by more than our contract collateral threshold. Conversely, PPL EnergyPlus
 is
 required to make performance assurance deposits with us when the market price
 of
 electricity is greater than the contract price by more than its contract
 collateral threshold. Over the past few years, market prices for electricity
 have exceeded the contract price, and we estimated that, at December 31, 2005,
 the market price of electricity exceeded the contract price by approximately
 $4.2 billion. Accordingly, at December 31, 2005, PPL EnergyPlus was
 required to provide us with performance assurance of $300 million, the maximum
 amount of collateral required under the contract. If PPL EnergyPlus is unable
 to
 satisfy its energy supply obligations to us under the PLR contracts, we would
 be
 required to obtain energy supply in the wholesale market at then-current market
 rates to meet our PLR obligation. While the Customer Choice Act provides
 generally for PLR costs to be borne by customers, it is not clear whether we
 would be able to pass on to our customers any costs of this replacement energy
 supply that exceed the predetermined capped rates.

Our
 PLR
 obligation after 2009 will be determined by the PUC pursuant to rules that
 have
 not yet been promulgated. While regulations governing PLR obligations after
 2009
 have been proposed for comment by the PUC, at this time, we cannot predict
 the
 content of the final regulations, including the specific mechanism for recovery
 from customers of our costs for energy supply, or when the regulations will
 be
 finalized.

Other
 Risks Related to All Segments

(
PPL,
 PPL Energy Supply and PPL Electric

)

Our
 operating results could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result
 of
 severe weather conditions.

Our
 businesses may be seasonal. For example, in some markets demand for, and market
 prices of, electricity peak during the hot summer months, while in other markets
 such peaks occur in the cold winter months. As a result, our overall operating
 results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis,
 especially when severe weather conditions such as heat waves, extreme cold
 weather or storms make such fluctuations more pronounced. The pattern of this
 fluctuation may change depending on the nature and location of the facilities
 we
 acquire or develop and the terms of our contracts to sell electricity.

We
 cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings and investigations currently
 being conducted with respect to our current and past business activities. An
 adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We
 are
 involved in numerous legal proceedings, claims and litigation and subject to
 ongoing state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations,
 the most significant of which are summarized in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings"
 and
 in "Environmental Matters - Domestic" in Note 14 to the Financial Statements.
 We
 cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably
 estimate the costs or liability that could potentially result from a negative
 outcome in each case.

We
 may need significant additional financing to pursue growth
 opportunities.

We
 continually review potential acquisitions and development projects and may
 enter
 into significant acquisition agreements or development commitments in the
 future. An acquisition agreement or development commitment may require access
 to
 substantial capital from outside sources on acceptable terms. We also may need
 external financing to fund capital expenditures, including capital expenditures
 necessary to comply with environmental regulations or other regulatory
 requirements. Our ability to arrange financing and our cost of capital are
 dependent on numerous factors, including general economic conditions, credit
 availability and our financial performance. The inability to obtain sufficient
 financing on terms that are acceptable to us could adversely affect our ability
 to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and fund capital
 expenditures.

A
 downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access
 capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any
 new
 debt. 

Our
 current credit ratings by Moody's, Fitch and S&P are listed in 
"Item
 7.
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operation - Liquidity and Capital Resources."

 While we
 do not expect these ratings to limit our ability to fund our short-term
 liquidity needs and/or access any new long-term debt, any ratings downgrades
 could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability
 to fund our short-term liquidity needs and access new long-term
 debt.

Significant
 increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including our health care
 and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and
 liquidity.

We
 continually focus on limiting, and reducing where possible, our operation and
 maintenance expenses. However, we expect to continue to face increased cost
 pressures, especially with respect to health care and pension costs. Pursuant
 to
 our collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide
 specified levels of health care and pension benefits to current employees and
 retirees covered by the contracts, and we provide a similar level of benefits
 to
 our management employees, which benefits give rise to significant expenses.
 We
 have experienced significant health care cost inflation in the last few years,
 and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage,
 to
 continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to continue
 to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs
 of their health care benefits. In addition, we expect to continue to experience
 significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans that we
 sponsor for our employees and retirees. For example, we expect WPD to experience
 increased pension costs due to a March 2004 actuarial valuation of WPD's plans
 that reflects higher pension obligations. The increase in WPD's pension costs
 in
 2005 was $26 million after tax, and the increase in WPD's pension costs is
 expected to continue to be significant in 2006. The measurement of our expected
 future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly
 dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond
 our control. These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates,
 health care cost trends, benefit improvements, salary increases and the
 demographics of plan participants. If our assumptions prove to be inaccurate,
 our costs could be significantly increased.

There
 is a risk that we may be required to record impairment charges in the future
 for
 certain of our investments, which could adversely affect our
 earnings.

Under
 GAAP, we are required to test our recorded goodwill for impairment on an annual
 basis, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets
 may be impaired. While no goodwill impairments were required based on our annual
 review in the fourth quarter of 2005, we are unable to predict whether any
 impairment charges may be necessary in the future. 

We
 also
 review our long-lived assets for impairment when events or circumstances
 indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. We
 did
 not record any significant impairment charges on these assets during 2005,
 but
 we did record a loss on the sale of our Sundance generation station (as
 described in Note 9 to the Financial Statements.) We are unable to predict
 whether impairment charges may be necessary in the future. In particular, our
 ability to recover our investment in our gas-fired generation facilities, and
 to
 avoid any future impairment charges with respect to these assets, will depend
 upon future electricity and fuel price levels (which are subject to substantial
 fluctuations), as well as applicable accounting rules and other
 factors.