The Registrants face various risks associated with their businesses.  Our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.  In addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  See "Forward-Looking Information," "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. Combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 13 to the Financial Statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.

As used in this Item 1A., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to PPL and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to PPL Energy Supply and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Supply segment discussions, or PPL Electric and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Pennsylvania Regulated segment discussion, or LKE and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the Kentucky Regulated segment discussion.

(PPL and PPL Energy Supply)

Risks Relating to Our Agreement to Spin off PPL Energy Supply and Form Talen Energy Corporation

The proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply and the combination with RJS Power are contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions and may present situations that could have an adverse effect on us.

The proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply and the subsequent combination with RJS Power to form Talen Energy are complex transactions, subject to various conditions, and may be affected by unanticipated developments or changes in market conditions.  On November 5, 2014, Talen Energy filed a registration statement with the SEC containing detailed information regarding Talen Energy.  Completion of the proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply and subsequent combination with RJS Power will be contingent upon a number of factors, including that (i) PPL receives a favorable legal opinion of tax counsel as described below; (ii) the SEC declares effective Talen Energy's registration statement relating to registration of Talen Energy common stock and no SEC stop order suspending effectiveness of the registration statement be in effect prior to the PPL Energy Supply spinoff; (iii) the Talen Energy common stock be authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange; (iv) certain regulatory approvals have been obtained, including approval by the NRC and the FERC, Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance and certain approvals by the PUC and (v)  there be, subject to certain conditions, at least $1 billion of undrawn credit capacity under a revolving credit facility or similar facility available to Talen Energy and its subsidiaries (for purposes of which any letters of credit or other credit support measures posted in connection with energy marketing and trading transactions then outstanding shall not be considered as drawn against such facility).  The spinoff and subsequent combination may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties or subject to certain other circumstances, including the failure to complete these transactions by June 30, 2015 or, if the required regulatory approvals have not been obtained at such time but the other conditions to the consummation of these transactions have been or are capable of being satisfied, December 31, 2015.  For these and other reasons, the spinoff and subsequent combination may not be completed on the terms or within the expected timeframe, if at all.

If the proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply does not qualify as a tax-free distribution under Sections 355 and 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), including as a result of subsequent acquisitions of stock of PPL or Talen Energy, then PPL and/or its shareowners may be required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes.

Among other requirements, the completion of the proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply and subsequent combination with RJS Power is conditioned upon PPL's receipt of a legal opinion of tax counsel to the effect that the spinoff will qualify as a reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a)(1)(D) and a tax-free distribution pursuant to Section 355 of the Code.  Although receipt of such legal opinion will satisfy a condition to completion of the spinoff and subsequent combination, that legal opinion will not be binding on the IRS.  Accordingly, the IRS may reach conclusions that are different from the conclusions reached in such opinion.  PPL is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the factual statements or representations on which the legal opinion will be based to be materially different from the facts at the time of the spinoff.  If, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, the IRS were to determine the Distribution to be taxable, PPL would, and its shareowners could, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be substantial.  In addition, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, if the IRS were to determine the Merger to be taxable, PPL shareowners may, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be material.

21

In addition, the spinoff will be taxable to PPL pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if there is a 50% or greater change in ownership (by vote or value) of either PPL or Talen Energy, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff.  Because PPL's shareowners will collectively own more than 50% of Talen Energy's common stock following the spinoff and subsequent combination, the combination alone will not cause the spinoff to be taxable to PPL under Section 355(e) of the Code.  However, Section 355(e) of the Code might apply if acquisitions of stock of PPL before or after the spinoff, or of Talen Energy after the combination, are considered to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff.  PPL is not aware of any such plan or series of transactions that include the spinoff.

PPL may not be successful in realizing the full amount of anticipated annual savings as a result of the proposed spinoff of PPL Energy Supply.

In connection with the spinoff of PPL Energy Supply, and following any required transition services period, PPL is targeting to reduce its annual corporate support costs by an estimated $185 million.  This includes $110 million of corporate support costs to be either eliminated or transferred to Talen Energy and $75 million of corporate support costs to be eliminated as a result of workforce and other corporate cost reductions.  If for any reason PPL cannot realize all or a significant portion of the $75 million corporate cost savings it could have an adverse effect on PPL's cash flows and results of operations.

Risks related to our U.K. Segment

Our U.K. distribution business contributes more than 50% of PPL's total annual net income and exposes us to the following additional risks related to operating outside the U.S., including risks associated with changes in U.K. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions and political conditions and policies of the U.K. government and the European Union.  These risks may reduce the results of operations from our U.K. distribution business or affect our ability to access U.K. revenues for payment of distributions or for other corporate purposes in the U.S.

·

changes in laws or regulations relating to U.K. operations, including rate regulations, operational performance and tax laws and regulations;

·

changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;

·

changes in general economic conditions affecting the U.K.;

·

regulatory reviews of tariffs for distribution companies;

·

changes in labor relations;

·

limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;

·

limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;

·

changes in U.S. tax law applicable to taxation of foreign earnings; and

·

compliance with U.S. foreign corrupt practices laws.

We are subject to increased foreign currency exchange rate risks because a majority of our cash flows and reported earnings are currently generated by our U.K. business operations.

These risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the British pound sterling and the U.S. dollar between the time we initially invest U.S. dollars in our U.K. businesses, and our strategy to hedge against such changes, and the time that cash is repatriated to the U.S. from the U.K., including cash flows from our U.K. businesses that may be distributed to PPL or used for repayments of intercompany loans or other general corporate purposes.  In addition, PPL's consolidated reported earnings on a U.S. GAAP basis may be subject to increased earnings translation risk, which is the result of the conversion of earnings as reported in our U.K. businesses on a British pound sterling basis to a U.S. dollar basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP requirements.

Our U.K. delivery business is subject to risks with respect to rate regulation and operational performance.

Our U.K. delivery businesses are rate-regulated and operate under an incentive-based regulatory framework.  Managing operational risk is critical to the U.K. Regulated segment's financial performance.  Disruption to these distribution networks could reduce profitability both directly by incurring costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that Ofgem administers relating to customer service levels.

22

A failure by any of our U.K. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by Ofgem that could have an adverse impact on PPL.

Ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to ten percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked.  Ofgem also has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license and there can be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the U.K. regulated businesses and PPL.

(PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE)

Risk Related to Registrant Holding Companies

PPL's, PPL Energy Supply's and LKE's cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and PPL's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.

PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries.  Substantially all of the consolidated assets of these Registrants are held by their subsidiaries.  Accordingly, these Registrants' cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as PPL's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances.  The subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment.  The ability of the Registrants' subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of PPL Electric, LG&E and KU to pay dividends under Section 305(a) of the Federal Power Act.

Because PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries.  Although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, PPL, PPL Energy Supply and LKE and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities.  Therefore, PPL's, PPL Energy Supply's and LKE's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of any debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.  In addition, if PPL elects to receive distributions of earnings from its foreign operations, PPL may incur U.S. income taxes, net of any available foreign tax credits, on such amounts.

(All Registrants except PPL Energy Supply)

Risks Related to Domestic Regulated Utility Operations

Our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the Kentucky Regulated segment and the Pennsylvania Regulated segment.  Set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.

Our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments.  Regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.

The rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the FERC, KPSC, VSCC, TRA and PUC.  Although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments.  Federal or state agencies, interveners and other permitted parties may challenge our rate requests, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit our current rates or future rates we seek.  Although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or based on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs

23

at any given time.  Our domestic regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will likely require rate increase requests to the regulators.  If our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental 
regulation.

In addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:

·

the terms and conditions of our service and operations;

·

financial and capital structure matters;

·

siting, construction and operation of facilities;

·

mandatory reliability and safety standards under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;

·

accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;

·

tax matters;

·

affiliate transactions;

·

acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and

·

various other matters, including energy efficiency.

Such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.

Changes in transmission and wholesale power market structures could increase costs or 
reduce revenues.

Wholesale revenues fluctuate with regional demand, fuel prices and contracted capacity.  Changes to transmission and wholesale power market structures and prices may occur in the future, are not predictable and may result in unforeseen effects on energy purchases and sales, transmission and related costs or revenues.  These can include commercial or regulatory changes affecting power pools, exchanges or markets in which our domestic utilities participate.

Our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject 
to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of 
resulting costs.

The domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of LG&E and KU) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability.  The completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:

·

approval, licensing and permitting;

·

land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;

·

skilled labor or equipment shortages;

·

construction problems or delays, including disputes with third-party intervenors;

·

increases in commodity prices or labor rates;

·

contractor performance;

·

environmental considerations and regulations;

·

weather and geological issues; and

·

political, labor and regulatory developments.

Failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.

We are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.

PPL is experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel due to a declining trend in the number of available skilled workers and an increase in competition for such workers.

24

Risks Specific to Kentucky Regulated Segment

(PPL, LKE, LG&E and KU)

The costs of compliance with, and liabilities under, environmental laws are 
significant and are subject to continuing changes.

Extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to LG&E's and KU's generation business, including its air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material.  In addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed.  Costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operations changes, permit limitations or other restrictions.  At some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units.  Market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis.  Many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.

Ongoing changes in environmental regulations or their implementation requirements and our related compliance strategies entail a number of uncertainties.

The environmental standards governing LG&E's and KU's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to ongoing rulemakings and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation.  Revisions to applicable standards, changes in compliance deadlines and invalidation of rules on appeal may require major changes in compliance strategies, operations or assets and adjustments to prior plans.  Depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may be subject to inconsistent requirements under multiple regulatory programs, compressed windows for decision-making and short compliance deadlines that may require aggressive schedules for construction, permitting and other regulatory approvals.  Under such circumstances, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation.

Risks Specific to Pennsylvania Regulated Segment

(PPL and PPL Electric)

We plan to selectively pursue growth of transmission and distribution capacity, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.

We plan to pursue expansion of our transmission and distribution capacity over the next several years.  We plan to do this through the potential construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects and capital investments to upgrade transmission and distribution infrastructure.  These types of projects involve numerous risks.  With respect to the construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed.  Expansion in our regulated businesses is dependent on future load or service requirements and subject to applicable regulatory processes.  The success of both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon the negotiation of satisfactory construction contracts, obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals.  If we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.

We face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth

FERC Order 1000, issued in July 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electric transmission planning activities.  The PPL Electric transmission business, operating under a FERC-approved PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff (OATT), is subject to competition pursuant to FERC Order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent PJM transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within PJM.  Increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.

25

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to Pennsylvania Conservation and Energy Efficiency Programs.

PPL Electric is subject to Act 129 which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes PLR electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing AEPS.  The law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand.  Utilities not meeting these Act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates.  Numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.

Risks Related to Supply Segment

(PPL and PPL Energy Supply)

We face intense competition in the competitive power generation market, which may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably and generate positive cash flow.

Our generation business is dependent on our ability to operate successfully in a competitive environment and is not assured of any rate of return on capital investments through a regulated rate structure.  Competition is affected by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and transmission capacity, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors.  These competitive factors may negatively affect our ability to sell electricity and related products and services, as well as the prices that we receive for such products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to grow our business.

We sell our available energy and capacity into competitive wholesale markets through contracts of varying duration.  Competition in the wholesale power markets occurs principally on the basis of the price of products and, to a lesser extent, reliability and availability.  We believe that the commencement of commercial operation of new electricity generating facilities in the regional markets where we own or control generation capacity and the evolution of demand side management resources will continue to increase competition in the wholesale electricity market in those regions, which could have an adverse effect on electricity and capacity prices.

We also face competition in the wholesale markets for generation capacity and ancillary services.  We primarily compete with other electricity suppliers based on our ability to aggregate supplies at competitive prices from different sources and to efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and transmission from electric utilities, ISOs and RTOs.  We also compete against other energy marketers on the basis of relative financial condition and access to credit sources, and our competitors may have greater financial resources than we have.

Competitors in the wholesale power markets in which PPL Generation subsidiaries and PPL EnergyPlus operate include regulated utilities, industrial companies, non-utility generators, competitive subsidiaries of regulated utilities and financial institutions.

We are exposed to operational, price and credit risks associated with selling and marketing products in the wholesale and retail electricity markets.

We purchase and sell electricity in wholesale markets under market-based rates throughout the U.S.  and also enter into short-term agreements to market available electricity and capacity from our generation assets with the expectation of profiting from market price fluctuations.  If we are unable to deliver firm capacity and electricity under these agreements, we could be required to pay damages.  These damages would generally be based on the difference between the market price to acquire replacement capacity or electricity and the contract price of any undelivered capacity or electricity.  Depending on price volatility in the wholesale electricity markets, such damages could be significant.  Extreme weather conditions, unplanned generation facility outages, environmental compliance costs, transmission disruptions and other factors could affect our ability to meet our obligations or cause significant increases in the market price of replacement capacity and electricity.

Our wholesale power agreements typically include provisions requiring us to post collateral for the benefit of our counterparties if the market price of energy varies from the contract prices in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  We currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fulfill our potential collateral obligations under these power contracts.  However, our obligation to post collateral could exceed the amount of our facilities or our ability to increase our facilities

26

could be limited by financial markets or other factors.  See Note 7 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of credit facilities.

We also face credit risk that counterparties with whom we contract in both the wholesale and retail markets will default in their performance, in which case we may have to sell our electricity into a lower-priced market or make purchases in a higher-priced market than existed at the inception of the contract.  Whenever feasible, we attempt to mitigate these risks using various means, including agreements that require our counterparties to post collateral for our benefit if the market price of energy varies from the contract price in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  However, there can be no assurance that we will avoid counterparty nonperformance risk, including bankruptcy, which could adversely impact our ability to meet our obligations to other parties, which could in turn subject us to claims for damages.

Adverse changes in commodity prices and related costs may decrease our future energy margins, which could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.

Our energy margins, or the amount by which our revenues from the sale of power exceed our costs to supply power, are impacted by changes in market prices for electricity, fuel, fuel transportation, emission allowances, RECs, electricity capacity and related congestion charges and other costs.  Unlike most commodities, the limited ability to store electricity requires that it must be consumed at the time of production.  As a result, wholesale market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short time periods and can be unpredictable.  Among the factors that influence such prices are:

·

demand for electricity;

·

supply of electricity available from current or new generation resources;

·

variable production costs, primarily fuel (and associated transportation costs) and emission allowance expense for the generation resources used to meet the demand for electricity;

·

transmission capacity and service into, or out of, markets served;

·

changes in the regulatory framework for wholesale power markets;

·

liquidity in the wholesale electricity market, as well as general creditworthiness of key participants in the market; and

·

weather and economic conditions affecting demand for or the price of electricity or the facilities necessary to deliver electricity.

Our risk management policy and programs relating to electricity and fuel prices, interest rates and counterparty credit and non-performance risks may not work as planned, and we may suffer economic losses despite such programs.

We actively manage the market risk inherent in our generation and energy marketing activities, as well as our debt and counterparty credit positions.  We have implemented procedures to monitor compliance with our risk management policy and programs, including independent validation of transaction and market prices, verification of risk and transaction limits, portfolio stress tests, sensitivity analyses and daily portfolio reporting of various risk management metrics.  Nonetheless, our risk management programs may not work as planned.  For example, actual electricity and fuel prices may be significantly different or more volatile than the historical trends and assumptions upon which we based our risk management calculations.  Additionally, unforeseen market disruptions could decrease market depth and liquidity, negatively impacting our ability to enter into new transactions.  We enter into financial contracts to hedge commodity basis risk, and as a result are exposed to the risk that the correlation between delivery points could change with actual physical delivery.  Similarly, interest rates could change in significant ways that our risk management procedures were not designed to address.  As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on us if actual events result in greater losses or costs than our risk models predict or greater volatility in our earnings and financial position.

In addition, our trading, marketing and hedging activities are exposed to counterparty credit risk and market liquidity risk.  We have adopted a credit risk management policy and program to evaluate counterparty credit risk.  However, if counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices.  In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected.

We do not always hedge against risks associated with electricity and fuel price volatility.

We attempt to mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual electricity sales obligations by either reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity or purchasing the necessary financial or physical products and services through competitive markets to satisfy our net firm sales contracts.  We also routinely enter into contracts, such as fuel and electricity purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our exposure to fuel requirements and other electricity-related commodities.  However, based on economic and other considerations, we may decide not to hedge the entire exposure of our operations

27

from commodity price risk.  To the extent we do not hedge against commodity price risk and applicable commodity prices change in ways that would be adverse to us, our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected.  To the extent we do hedge against commodity price risk, those hedges may not ultimately prove to be effective.

The accounting for our hedging activities may increase the volatility in our quarterly and annual financial results.

We engage in commodity-related marketing and price-risk management activities in order to physically and financially hedge our exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from our generation assets, fuel utilized by those assets and emission allowances.

We generally attempt to balance our fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts.  These derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or the NPNS exception.  Whether a derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment depends upon it meeting specific criteria used to determine if the cash flow hedge is and will remain appropriate for the term of the derivative.  Specific criteria are also required in order to elect the NPNS exception, which permits qualifying hedges to be treated under the accrual accounting method.  All economic hedges may not necessarily qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or the NPNS exception, or we may elect not to utilize cash flow hedge accounting or the NPNS exception.  As a result, our quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.

Changes in technology may negatively impact the value of our power plants.

A basic premise of our generation business is that generating electricity at central power plants achieves economies of scale and produces electricity at relatively low prices.  There are alternate technologies to supply electricity, most notably fuel cells, micro turbines, batteries, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, the development of which has been expanded due to global climate change concerns.  Research and development activities are ongoing to seek improvements in alternate technologies.  It is possible that advances will reduce the cost of alternative generation to a level that is equal to or below that of certain central station production.  Also, as new technologies are developed and become available, the quantity and pattern of electricity usage (the "demand") by customers could decline, with a corresponding decline in revenues derived by generators.  These alternative energy sources could result in a decline to the dispatch and capacity factors of our plants.  As a result of all of these factors, the value of our generation facilities could be significantly reduced.

The full-requirements sales contracts that PPL EnergyPlus is awarded do not provide for specific levels of load and actual load significantly below or above our forecasts could adversely affect our energy margins.

We generally hedge our full-requirements sales contracts with our own generation or energy purchases from third parties.  If the actual load is significantly lower than the expected load, we may be required to resell power at a lower price than was contracted for to supply the load obligation, resulting in a financial loss.  Alternatively, a significant increase in load could adversely affect our energy margins because we are required under the terms of full-requirements sales contracts to provide the energy necessary to fulfill increased demand at the contract price, which could be lower than the cost to procure additional energy on the open market.  Therefore, any significant decrease or increase in load compared with our forecasts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.

We may experience disruptions in our fuel supply, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our generation facilities.

We purchase fuel and other products consumed during the production of electricity (such as coal, natural gas, oil, water, uranium, lime, limestone and other chemicals) from a number of suppliers.  Delivery of these fuels to our facilities is dependent upon the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve each generation facility.  As a result, we are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at our generation facilities if fuel is unavailable at any price or if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.  Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of weather, transportation difficulties, global demand and supply dynamics, labor relations, environmental regulations or the financial viability of our fuel suppliers, could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations.

28

Unforeseen changes in the price of coal and natural gas could cause us to incur excess coal inventories and contract termination costs.

Extraordinarily low natural gas prices could cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity.  Because we enter into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate our base load coal-fired generating facilities, we may experience periods where we hold excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in our reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities in favor of operating available alternative natural gas-fired generating facilities.  In addition, we may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of our generating requirements.

If the services provided by the transmission facilities that deliver the wholesale power from our generation facilities are inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected.  Furthermore, any changes in the structure and operation of, or the various pricing limitations imposed by, the RTOs and ISOs that operate these transmission facilities may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities.

We do not own or control the transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from our generation facilities.  If the transmission service from these facilities is unavailable or disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected.  RTOs and ISOs provide transmission services, administer transparent and competitive power markets and maintain system reliability.  Many of these RTOs and ISOs operate in the real-time and day ahead markets in which we sell energy.  The RTOs and ISOs that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, offer caps and other mechanisms to guard against the potential exercise of market power in these markets as well as price limitations.  These types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.  Problems or delays that may arise in the formation and operation of maturing RTOs and similar market structures, or changes in geographic scope, rules or market operations of existing RTOs, may also affect our ability to sell, the prices we receive or the cost to transmit power produced by our generating facilities.  Rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time, which could affect our costs or revenues. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electricity transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis.  Although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available or that transmission capacity will not be available in the amounts we require.  We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities in specific markets or whether ISOs and RTOs in applicable markets will efficiently operate transmission networks and provide related services.

Because our generation facilities are part of interconnected regional grids, we face the risk of blackout due to a disruption on a neighboring interconnected system.

Major electric power blackouts are possible and have occurred, which could disrupt electrical service for extended periods of time.  If a blackout were to occur, the impact could result in interruptions to our operations, increased costs to replace existing contractual obligations, the possibility of regulatory investigations and potential operational risks to our facilities.  Additionally, in response to the blackout, there could be changes or developments in applicable regulations or market structures that could have longer-term impact on our business and results of operations.

Despite federal and state deregulation initiatives, our generation business is still subject to extensive regulation, which may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, or prevent or delay operation of our facilities.

Our generation subsidiaries sell electricity into the wholesale market.  Generally, our generation subsidiaries and our marketing subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the FERC.  The FERC has authorized us to sell generation from our facilities and power from our marketing subsidiaries at market-based prices.  The FERC retains the authority to modify or withdraw our market-based rate authority and to impose "cost of service" rates if it determines that the market is not competitive, that we possess market power or that we are not charging just and reasonable rates.  Any reduction by the FERC in the rates we may receive or any unfavorable regulation of our business by state regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations.  See "Regulatory Issues - FERC Market-Based Rate Authority" in Note 13 to the Financial Statements for information regarding recent court decisions that could impact the FERC's market-based rate authority program.

29

In addition, the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of electricity generation facilities require numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from federal, state and local governmental agencies.  We may not be able to obtain or maintain all required regulatory approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approval or fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, the operation of our assets and our sales of electricity could be prevented or delayed or become subject to additional costs.

Our costs to comply with existing and new environmental and related worker health and safety laws are expected to continue to be significant, and we plan to incur significant capital expenditures for pollution control improvements that could adversely affect our profitability and liquidity or cause the continued operation of certain generation facilities to be uneconomic.

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety.  Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly response actions.  These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital or operating expenditures to limit or prevent releases of hazardous materials from our operations, the imposition of specific standards addressing worker protection, and the imposition of substantial liabilities and remedial obligations for pollution or contamination resulting from our operations.  To comply with existing and future environmental requirements and as a result of voluntary pollution control measures we may take, we have spent and expect to spend substantial amounts in the future on environmental control and compliance.  Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits may result in joint and several, strict liability for administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, and the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations.  Private parties may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance, as well as to seek damages for non-compliance, with environmental laws, regulations and permits or for personal injury or property damage.

Our operations also pose risks of environmental liability due to leakage, migration, releases or spills of hazardous substances to surface or subsurface soils, surface water or groundwater.  Certain environmental laws impose strict as well as joint and several liability (that could result in an entity paying more than its fair share) for costs required to remediate and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons, or solid wastes have been stored or released.  We may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us or facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our operations regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken.  In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations.

The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the power generation industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability.  Many states and environmental groups have challenged certain federal laws and regulations relating to air emissions, water discharge and intake requirements, and management of CCRs as not being sufficiently strict.  As a result, state and federal regulations have been proposed or adopted that would impose more stringent restrictions, which could require us to significantly increase capital and operating expenditures for additional environmental controls.  At some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary environmental controls to comply with new or proposed regulations, which could cause us to retire those units.

We may not be able to obtain or maintain all environmental regulatory approvals necessary for our planned capital projects which are necessary to our business.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval or if we fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at our affected facilities could be halted, reduced or subjected to additional costs.

We are subject to certain risks associated with nuclear generation, including the risk that our Susquehanna nuclear plant could become subject to increased security or safety requirements that would increase capital and operating expenditures, uncertainties regarding spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties associated with decommissioning our plant at the end of its licensed life.

Nuclear generation accounted for about 32% of PPL Energy Supply's 2014 competitive power generation output.  The risks of nuclear generation generally include:

30

·

the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;

·

limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses and liabilities that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and

·

uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.  The licenses for our two nuclear units expire in 2042 and 2044.  See Note 19 to the Financial Statements for additional information on the ARO related to the decommissioning.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing requirements, including security, safety and employee-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  In addition, revised security or safety requirements promulgated by the NRC, particularly in response to the 2011 incident in Fukushima, Japan, could necessitate substantial capital or operating expenditures at our Susquehanna nuclear plant.  There also remains substantial uncertainty regarding the temporary storage and permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel, which could result in substantial additional costs to us that cannot be predicted.  In addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our Susquehanna nuclear plant, if an incident did occur, any resulting operational loss, damages and injuries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of nuclear insurance.

We plan to optimize our competitive power generation operations, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.

We plan to optimize our competitive power generation operations.  We plan to do this through the construction of new power plants or modification of existing power plants, and the potential closure of certain existing plants and acquisition of plants that may become available for sale.  These types of projects involve numerous risks.  Any planned power plant modifications could result in cost overruns, reduced plant efficiency and higher operating and other costs.  With respect to the construction of new plants or modification of existing plants, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed.  The success of both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals.  If we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.  Furthermore, we might be unable to operate any new or modified plants as efficiently as projected, which could result in higher than projected operating and other costs and reduced earnings.

Risks Related to All Segments

(All Registrants)

The operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.

Numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems.  The operation of our generation plants, including the Susquehanna nuclear plant, and of our energy and fuel trading businesses, as well as our transmission and distribution operations are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, principally by terrorists or vandals, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events.  As a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damages to our reputation.

Adverse economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Adverse economic conditions and the declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, have significantly impacted our earnings.  The breadth and depth of these negative economic conditions had a wide-ranging impact on the U.S. business environment, including our businesses.  In addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for electricity and natural gas and/or reduce our customers' ability to pay their bills.  This reduced demand continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets we serve (such as PJM) and our Pennsylvania and Kentucky utility businesses.  The combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy

31

markets in general, further impacting our energy marketing results.  In general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact our unhedged future energy margins, utility profits, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition.

Increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.

Energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies.  Economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency and self-generation by customers.  This focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could in turn adversely affect our business.

A downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.

Credit ratings assigned by Moody's and S&P to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses.  A ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates.  See "Item 7. Combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Condition - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Ratings Triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.

Disruption in financial markets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our businesses are heavily dependent on credit and access to capital, among other things, for financing capital expenditures and providing collateral to support hedging in our energy marketing business.  Regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act in the U.S. and Basel III in Europe may impose costly additional requirements on our businesses and the businesses of others with whom we contract, such as banks or other counterparties, or simply result in increased costs to conduct our business or access sources of capital and liquidity upon which the conduct of our businesses is dependent.

We could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.

In the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs.  As a capital-intensive business, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes.  Changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit.

Our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.

Our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles.  For example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months.  As a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions such as heat waves, extreme cold, unseasonably mild weather or severe storms occur.  The patterns of these fluctuations may change depending on the type and location of our facilities and the terms of our contracts to sell electricity.

Operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental 
disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.

Weather and these other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs.  Storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.

Our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential 
effects of climate change.

Climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity.  In addition, the potential physical effects of climate change,

32

such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects.  These or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs.  Greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies.  Reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver.  Also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.

We cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings and investigations currently being conducted with respect to our current and past business activities.  An adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and subject to ongoing state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in "Federal Matters" in Note 6 and "Legal Matters," "Regulatory Issues" and "Environmental Matters - Domestic" in Note 13 to the Financial Statements.  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.

Significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.

We continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses.  However, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations.  Increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors.  In addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees.  We provide a similar level of benefits to our management employees.  These benefits give rise to significant expenses.  Due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits.  In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees.  The measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control.  These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants.  If our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.

We may be required to record impairment charges in the future for certain of our investments, which could adversely affect our earnings.

Under GAAP, we are required to test our recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired.  Although no impairments were recorded based on our annual review in the fourth quarter of 2014, we are unable to predict whether future impairment charges may be necessary.

We also review our long-lived tangible and finite-lived intangible assets, including equity investments, for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.  See Notes 1 and 16 to the Financial Statements for additional information on impairment charges taken and analysis performed during the reporting periods.  We are unable to predict whether impairment charges, or other losses on sales of other assets or businesses, may occur in future years.

We may incur liabilities in connection with discontinued operations.

In connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities.  These indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture.  See "Guarantees and Other Assurances" in Note 13 to the Financial Statements.

33

We are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, 
transmission and distribution operations.

The conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.

Our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.

Operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels.  These events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses.  Operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs which may not be recoverable from customers.  Planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.

Although we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us fully in the event losses occur.

We are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.

Changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations.  We are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities.  These tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts and franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes.  We also estimate our ability to utilize tax benefits and tax credits.  Due to the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered.  We cannot predict whether such tax legislation or regulation will be introduced or enacted or the effect of any such changes on our businesses.  If enacted, any changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

We are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals.

We are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from federal, state and local governmental agencies.  The process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive.  In addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances.  Failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions.  Although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.

Our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows.  In addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations.  In addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

War, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.

War, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets and have contributed to high levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas.  Instability and unrest in the Middle East, Afghanistan, Ukraine and Iraq, as well as threats of war or other armed conflict elsewhere, may cause further disruption to

34

financial and commercial markets and contribute to even higher levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas.  In addition, unrest in the Middle East, Afghanistan, Ukraine and Iraq could lead to acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours.  Armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future.  In addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.