.

Risks Related to the Transactions

A significant delay in consummating or a failure to consummate the Transactions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's stock price and operating results.

On July 28, 2013, the Company entered into the Transaction Agreement, under the terms of which Holdco will acquire Elan pursuant to the Scheme and MergerSub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation of the Merger. Because the Transactions are subject to certain closing conditions, it is possible that the Transactions may not be completed or may not be completed as quickly as expected. If the Transactions are not completed, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's stock price. In addition, any significant delay in consummating the Transactions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operating results and adversely affect the Company's customer and supplier relationships and would likely lead to a significant diversion of management and employee attention and potential employee attrition.

The Company and Elan must obtain approvals and governmental and regulatory consents to complete the Transactions, which, if delayed, not granted or granted with unacceptable conditions, may jeopardize or delay the Transactions, result in additional expenditures of money and resources and/or reduce the anticipated benefits of the Transactions.

Conditions to implementation of the Transactions include, among others, the expiration or termination of all waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws, including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and foreign antitrust laws. The governmental agencies from which the parties will seek these approvals have broad discretion in administering the governing regulations. As a condition to their approval of the Transactions, governmental agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the Company's business after consummation of the Transactions. These requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could jeopardize or delay the consummation of the Transactions or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the business combination. If the Company and Elan agree to any material requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions in order to obtain any approvals required to consummate the Transactions, these requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could adversely affect the Company's ability to integrate its operations with Elan operations or reduce the anticipated benefits of the Transactions. This could result in a failure to consummate the Transactions or have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and results of operations.

Expenses related to the proposed acquisition are significant and will adversely affect the Company's operating results.

The Company has incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the proposed acquisition, including legal and investment banking fees. The Company expects these costs to have an adverse effect on its operating results. In addition, if the acquisition is not consummated under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay to Elan a termination fee of approximately $168.9 million. The effect of this termination fee may discourage competing bidders from presenting proposals to acquire or merge with the Company that, from a financial perspective, might be superior to the terms of the Transactions. The Company's financial position and results of operations would be adversely affected if it were required to pay the termination fee to Elan.

Restrictions on the conduct of the Company's business prior to the completion of the proposed acquisition may have a negative impact on its operating results.

The Company has agreed to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business in connection with the proposed acquisition that requires it to refrain from certain activities in its conduct of business before the Transactions are consummated. These restrictions may delay or prevent the Company from undertaking business opportunities that may arise pending completion of the acquisition.

 26

The fact that the Transactions are pending could have an adverse effect on the Company's business, revenue and operating results.

While the Transactions are pending, it creates uncertainty about the Company's future that may adversely affect its business, revenue and results of operations, including:

•

the diversion of management and employee attention;

•

the fact that the Company's has incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses related to the Transactions;

•

the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Transactions on the Company's business relationships, operating results and business generally, including with respect to its suppliers and its customers; and

•

the risk that, if Elan breaches the Transaction Agreement, damages may not fully compensate the Company for such breach and associated litigation may arise and be costly and disruptive to the Company's operations.

If the Transactions occur, the Company's shareholders will suffer dilution of their investment and, as a result, will not benefit fully from any subsequent appreciation in the Company's business.

After the Merger, the Company will cease to be a public company and will be a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdco. The Company's former shareholders are only expected to hold approximately 71% of the Holdco shares immediately after the Transactions. As a result, the Company's former shareholders' participation in any future earnings or growth of the Company will be diluted.

The Company may fail to realize benefits estimated as a result of the Transactions.

The success of the Transactions will depend, in part, on the Company's ability to realize the anticipated synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from combining its business with that of Elan as subsidiaries under the new Holdco parent company. The Company may never realize these anticipated synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects. Integrating operations will be complex and will require significant efforts and expenditures. Employees might leave or be terminated because of the Transactions. The Company's management might have its attention diverted while trying to integrate operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures. Assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost savings may be inaccurate and general industry and business conditions might deteriorate. If any of these factors limit the Company's ability to integrate its operations with those of Elan successfully or on a timely basis, the expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the Transactions, might not be met.

Risks Related to the Bridge Credit Agreement 

The Company may not be able to obtain reasonable financing terms in connection with the refinancings it expects to undertake for the Elan Transaction, and any such refinancings may have a negative effect on the Company's business and result in changes to its capital structure.

In connection with the Elan Transaction, the Company expects to refinance all or a portion of its outstanding indebtedness and incur additional indebtedness. The Company may not be able to refinance its existing indebtedness or obtain additional financing on similar terms, as credit markets may be uncertain and potentially volatile. The Company may be required to incur indebtedness with terms less favorable than its existing indebtedness in order to complete the Elan Transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to execute its business strategy and its results of operations. The Company has entered into certain bridge facilities in connection with the Elan Transaction. To the extent these bridge facilities are drawn upon, the Company would be required to quickly refinance such indebtedness, further enhancing the foregoing risks. If the Company is unable to refinance the bridge facilities, it may also be required to sell certain assets to repay those facilities, which may not occur on favorable terms and may negatively impact its business plans.

In addition, any refinancing activities the Company undertakes or the incurrence of additional indebtedness may result in changes to the Company's credit ratings, which could also adversely affect its cost of financing. Similarly, a change in the Company's credit rating could limit its ability to refinance maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs in the future. Lastly, the refinancing activities the Company may undertake in connection with the Elan Transactions are expected to result in changes to its capital structure. For example, the Company may redeem outstanding notes and/or issue new notes, including convertible notes. These 

 27

transactions may occur prior to the completion of the Elan Transactions and remain in place regardless of whether the Elan Transaction is completed which may have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations, cash flow and liquidity.  The Elan Transaction and the related financings are subject to certain regulatory filings and conditions.  Any unforeseen changes or delays in the regulatory requirements may impact the timing or the Company's ability to complete the required actions within the terms of its agreements. 

Risks Related to the Company's Business

The Company operates in a highly regulated industry. An inability to meet current or future regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial position and operating results. 

Several U.S. and foreign agencies regulate the manufacturing, processing, formulation, packaging, labeling, testing, storing, distribution, advertising and sale of the Company's products. Various state and local agencies also regulate these activities. In addition, the Company manufactures and markets certain of its products in accordance with the guidelines established by voluntary standards organizations. Should the Company or one of its third-party service providers used in the development or commercialization of products fail to adequately conform to these regulations and guidelines, there may be a material adverse impact on the operating results of the Company. Packaging, labeling or marketing changes mandated by the FDA or state and local agencies can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations of the Company. In particular, California has enacted legislation that requires development of an electronic pedigree to track and trace each prescription drug at the saleable unit level through the distribution system. California's electronic pedigree requirement is scheduled to take effect in January 2015. Compliance with California and future federal or state electronic pedigree requirements may increase the Company's operational expenses and impose significant administrative burdens. 

Required changes could also be related to safety or efficacy issues. Similarly, the failure by the Company or one of its suppliers to comply with manufacturing, quality and testing guidelines and regulations could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's operating results. There is also the risk that the FDA could require the Company to audit or repeat prior bioequivalence or clinical studies or the FDA could change or withdraw the approval governing such products, which could have a material adverse impact on the results of the Company's operations. The Company believes that it generally has a good relationship with the FDA, which it intends to maintain. If these relationships should deteriorate, however, the Company's ability to bring new and current products to market could be impeded. 

All U.S. facilities where Rx, infant formula, dietary supplements and OTC drugs are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with FDA cGMPs. All of the Company's ANDA, NDA and OTC drug products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored and distributed according to cGMP regulations. The FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that the Company's facilities remain in compliance with all applicable regulations. If it finds violations of cGMP, the FDA could make its concerns public and could impose sanctions including, among others, fines, product recalls, total or partial suspension of production and/or distribution, suspension of the FDA's review of product applications, injunctions and civil or criminal prosecution. If imposed, enforcement actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operating results and financial condition. Under certain circumstances, the FDA also has the authority to revoke previously granted drug approvals. Although the Company has internal compliance programs in place that it believes are adequate, the FDA may conclude that these programs do not meet regulatory standards. If compliance is deemed deficient in any significant way, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business. 

The FDA's policy regarding the award of a 180-day market exclusivity period to generic manufacturers who successfully challenge patents relating to specific products continues to be the subject of extensive litigation in the U.S. The FDA's current interpretation of Hatch-Waxman is to award 180 days of exclusivity to the first generic manufacturer who files a successful Paragraph IV certification under Hatch-Waxman challenging the patent(s) of the branded product, regardless of whether the manufacturer was sued for patent infringement. Although the FDA's interpretation may benefit some of the products in the Company's pipeline, it may adversely affect others. The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 provides that the 180-day market exclusivity period provided under Hatch-Waxman is triggered by the commercial marketing of the product. However, the Medicare Prescription Drug Act also contains forfeiture provisions which, if met, will deprive the first Paragraph IV filer of exclusivity. Additionally, the manufacturer of the branded product may launch a generic version of its own drug, known as an authorized generic. Under certain circumstances, the Company may not be able to fully exploit its 180-day exclusivity period resulting from it being the first filer. 

 28

Under the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007, the FDA has the power to restrict medications that raise serious safety concerns. This law requires, and provides funding for, the FDA to monitor drugs after they go on the market. In addition, this law requires companies to make public the results of many of their studies. Under this law, the FDA has the authority to require new studies, limit distribution or order label changes. Because of this law, the Company's ability to bring new and current products to market could be impeded, which could have a negative material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

The Company's prescription drug products that are marketed without approved applications must meet certain manufacturing and labeling standards established by the FDA. The FDA's policy with respect to the continued marketing of unapproved products is stated in the FDA's September 2011 compliance policy guide, titled “Marketed New Drugs without Approved NDAs or ANDAs.” Under this policy, the FDA has stated that it will follow a risk-based approach with regard to enforcement against such unapproved products. The FDA evaluates whether to initiate enforcement action on a case-by-case basis, but gives higher priority to enforcement action against products in certain categories, such as those marketed as unapproved drugs with potential safety risks or that lack evidence of effectiveness. The FDA recognizes that certain unapproved products, based on the introduction date of their active ingredients and the lack of safety concerns, among other things, have been marketed for many years and, at this time, might not be subject to immediate enforcement action. The Company believes that so long as it complies with applicable manufacturing and labeling standards, it will be in compliance with the FDA's current enforcement policy. There can be no assurance that the FDA will continue this policy or not take a contrary position with any individual product or group of products. If the FDA were to take a contrary position, the Company may be required to seek FDA approval for these products or withdraw such products from the market. For fiscal 2013, the Company's annual sales for such unapproved products were approximately $30.0 million. 

The Nonprescription Drug Advisory Committee met in December 2007 to discuss the efficacy of phenylephrine, an active ingredient used in various cough and cold products as a nasal decongestant. The advisory committee vote recommended that available data is "supportive” of the efficacy of phenylephrine at 10 milligrams. In addition, the advisory committee recommended additional evidence to support the efficacy of a 10 milligram dose of phenylephrine. The recommendations by the advisory committee are not binding on the FDA. It is not known at this time what, if any, further action the FDA or industry will take in response to recommendations of the advisory committee. In fiscal 2013, products containing phenylephrine generated revenues of approximately $70.7 million. Certain actions by the FDA, such as mandating label and formula changes, could have an adverse effect on the operating results of the Company. 

In October 2007, the FDA convened a joint meeting of the Pediatric and Nonprescription Drugs Advisory committees to discuss the safety and efficacy of OTC cough and cold products for use in children. The advisory committees recommended that these products no longer be used in children under the age of six. On October 8, 2008, the FDA issued a statement supporting the voluntary action of the Consumer Healthcare Product Association (“CHPA”), of which the Company is a member, to modify product labels for consumers of OTC cough and cold medicines to state “do not use” in children under four years of age. The Company completed the CHPA recommended revisions to all OTC cough and cold products in April 2010. The FDA has not issued any further guidance about the labeling of OTC cough and cold medicines in children two years of age and older. Sales of the Company's pediatric cough and cold products could be adversely affected should the FDA adopt the more restrictive recommendations of the advisory committee.

The Company's activities with respect to its infant formula products also may be subject to barriers or sanctions imposed by countries or international organizations limiting international trade and dictating the specific content of infant formula products. In addition, regulatory changes or decisions that restrict the manufacture, labeling and availability of the Company's infant formula products could affect the Company's results of operations. For example, certain governmental agencies, non-governmental organizations and consumer advocates have lobbied against the marketing and sale of some infant formula products. These efforts could result in increased regulatory restrictions or enforcement. The U.S. government will likely continue to enhance its regulations on the industry aimed to ensure the safety and quality of dairy products, including, but not limited to, compulsory batch-by-batch inspection and testing for additional safety and quality issues. Such inspections and testing may increase the Company's operating costs related to its infant formula products. 

The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (“FDASIA”), which amends both the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDC Act”) and Public Health Service Act (“PHS Act”), was signed into law on July 9, 2012. The new law establishes among other things, new user fee statutes for generic drugs and biosimilars, new FDA authority concerning drug shortages, changes to enhance the FDA's inspection authority of the drug supply chain, a limited extension of the generic drug paragraph IV 30-month stay provision and reduces the time required 

 29

for the FDA responses to generic blocking citizen petitions. The Company has implemented new systems and processes to comply with the new facility self-identification and user fee requirements of FDASIA. To the extent the FDA believes that the Company has not adequately fulfilled FDASIA compliance requirements, it could lead to potential supply chain interruptions, delays in regulatory approval of new applications, and impede the Company's ability to realize sales and revenue, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business.  

On August 1, FDA released a Drug Safety Communication notifying the public of an association between acetaminophen and the risk of rare, but serious, skin reactions (reddening of the skin, rash, blisters, detachment of the skin's upper surface).  This resulted from a review of the FDA adverse event database (1969-2012) and reports in the medical literature.  Other prescription and OTC drugs used to treat fever and pain/body aches (e.g., non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or NSAIDS, such as ibuprofen and naproxen) also carry the risk of causing serious skin reactions, which is already described in the warnings section of their drug labels. As a result of these findings, FDA will require the addition of a warning addressing serious skin reactions to prescription drug products containing acetaminophen.  FDA will also request that manufacturers of acetaminophen OTC products marketed under a new drug application

or under the OTC monograph add a similar warning.  Because of this new warning, the Company's sales of products containing acetaminophen could be impeded, which could have a negative material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

The Company manufactures products that are safe and effective when used in accordance with label directions; however, certain products contain ingredients that can be used for improper purposes. Additional legislation or regulation may be enacted to mitigate improper uses of these ingredients, which could have an adverse impact on the Company's sales of such products and resulting income. 

The Company's products are safe and effective when used in accordance with label directions. However, certain products contain ingredients that can be, and in some cases are, used for improper purposes.  Pseudoephedrine and dextromethorphan are two of these ingredients, but others may exist. Increasingly, various efforts are employed by federal and state governments in an effort to curb this misuse, including the consideration of additional legislation or regulation that may result in further restrictive requirements for the manufacture or sale of products containing these ingredients. The Company cannot predict if or when any additional legislation or regulation will be passed and any adverse impact it may have on the Company's results of operations. 

Pseudoephedrine
 - The Company produces a number of products that contain the active ingredient pseudoephedrine (“PSE”), which is indicated as a nasal decongestant. PSE has been under scrutiny as an ingredient illegally used to produce methamphetamine. To address this concern, legislation has been enacted at the federal level restricting the sales of PSE products (i.e., Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act) and authorizing the DEA to place quotas on the amounts of PSE raw material that can be procured (i.e., the Controlled Substances Act). At the state level, a number of states have introduced or passed legislation placing additional restrictions on the sale of PSE products. In addition, the states of Oregon and Mississippi have moved PSE products to Rx status; many localities have passed similar legislation and a few other states have considered moving PSE products to Rx status. Sales of PSE products could be adversely affected by action at the state or federal level to place additional restrictions on the sale of PSE products. 

Dextromethorphan
 -

The Company manufactures several products that contain the active ingredient dextromethorphan, which is indicated for cough suppression. Dextromethorphan has come under scrutiny because of its potential to be abused. Legislation has been unsuccessfully introduced at the federal level over the past few sessions of Congress that, if enacted, generally would have prohibited the bulk sale of dextromethorphan and would have imposed a federal age limit of 18 years old in order to purchase finished products containing dextromethorphan. Similarly, California has passed legislation prohibiting the sale of dextromethorphan containing products to individuals under the age of 18 without a prescription. Other legislation placing age restrictions on the purchase of OTC products containing dextromethorphan was passed at the local level by Suffolk County, New York; Westchester County, New York; Nassau County, New York and by the City of Jerseyville, Illinois. It is possible that other local, state or the federal government could introduce and pass legislation imposing additional or different restrictions on the sale of dextromethorphan in finished dosage form, such as requiring a minimum age to purchase product.  The Company cannot predict whether any of the proposed legislation will be passed or, if it is passed, its impact on future revenues attributable to these products. 

     The FDA held a meeting of the Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee on September 14, 2010 to discuss the potential abuse of the drug dextromethorphan and the public health benefits and risks of 

 30

dextromethorphan use as a cough suppressant in prescription and nonprescription drug products. In a 15-9 vote, an FDA advisory panel voted not to restrict dextromethorphan cough medications to prescription-only. It is possible the FDA could still recommend in the future that dextromethorphan containing products be considered a scheduled substance, which would remove their status as an OTC product. The Company cannot predict the likelihood of such activity by the FDA or any adverse impact such activity may have on the Company's results of operations. In fiscal 2013, products containing dextromethorphan generated revenues of approximately $124.9 million. 

Acetaminophen
 - The Company manufactures several products that contain the active ingredient acetaminophen, which is indicated as an analgesic. In June 2009, the FDA held a public advisory committee meeting to discuss how to address the potential for liver injury related to the risk of overdose of acetaminophen in both OTC and Rx products. The FDA expressly stated that the risk of developing liver injury to the individual patient who uses the drug according to directions is extremely low and that it is not seeking to remove acetaminophen from the market. However, due to the extensive use of acetaminophen-containing products, the FDA sought guidance from several advisory committees regarding measures to reduce the potential for liver injury associated with acetaminophen use. Measures discussed include, but were not limited to, reducing the maximum single-dose and daily-dose, reducing packaging sizes, and increasing consumer educational efforts regarding such products. At a May 2011 meeting of the FDA's Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Committee and Pediatric Advisory Committee to review efforts to reduce medication errors around the use of single-ingredient pediatric acetaminophen, the FDA joint committees unanimously voted: (1) in support of the addition to the label of weight-based dosing for children ages two to twelve; (2) that the pharmacokinetic (“PK”), safety and efficacy data would be required to support the addition of new label directions for children six months to two years of age; and (3) that the new labeling for children six months to two years of age include the indication for fever reduction. The committees did not support an indication in labeling for children six months to two years of age for relief of pain; this indication is currently included for children over two years of age. The FDA is reviewing the input it received from the advisory committees and additional comments submitted through the docket. In fiscal 2013, products containing acetaminophen generated revenues of approximately $294.7 million for the Company. The Company cannot predict whether the FDA will adopt any recommendations of the advisory committees regarding the sale and use of acetaminophen or whether any such recommendations, if adopted by the FDA, would impact future revenues attributable to these products. 

Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of the Company's products and any similar products distributed by other companies could have a material adverse impact on the Company's business. 

The Company is dependent upon consumers' perception of the safety and quality of its products. Negative consumer perception may arise from media reports, product liability claims, regulatory investigations or recalls, regardless of whether such media reports, claims, investigations or recalls involve the Company or its products. The mere publication of information asserting defects in products or ingredients or concerns about the Company's products or the raw materials used in the Company's products could have a material adverse effect on the Company, regardless of whether such information is scientifically supported. For example, any major outbreak of illness or disease in cows could lead to a serious loss of consumer confidence in, and demand for, dairy products, including the Company's infant formula products. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may negatively impact consumer perceptions and may discourage consumers from buying one or more of the Company's products, such that the Company's sales may decline and the Company may suffer losses in its business. 

The Company may incur liabilities or experience negative reputational effects as a result of any real or perceived quality issues with the Company's products. The Company's products involve risks such as product contamination, spoilage, mislabeling and tampering that could require the Company to recall one or more of its products. Serious product quality concerns could also result in governmental actions against the Company that, among other things, could result in the suspension of production or distribution of the Company's products, product seizures, loss of certain licenses, delays in the issuance of governmental approvals for new products or other governmental penalties. Adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding the quality of the Company's products, particular ingredients, or the industries in which the Company competes could result in a substantial decrease in demand for the Company's products. 

The Company cannot guarantee that counterfeiting, imitation, or other tampering with its products will not occur or that the Company will be able to detect and resolve it if it happens. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or contamination could negatively impact sales of the Company's products, particularly if counterfeit or imitation products cause death or injury to consumers of those products. 

 31

Additionally, powdered infant formula products are not sterile. All of the Company's infant formula products must be prepared and maintained according to label instruction to retain their flavor and nutritional value and avoid contamination or deterioration. Depending on the product, a risk of contamination or deterioration may exist at each stage of the production cycle, including the purchase and delivery of raw materials, the processing and packaging of food products, and the use and handling by consumers, hospital personnel and health care professionals. In the event that certain of the Company's infant formula products are found or alleged to have suffered contamination or deterioration, whether or not such products are under the Company's control, the Company's reputation and its infant formula product category could be materially adversely affected. 

The Company's infant formula product category is subject to changing consumer preferences and health and nutrition-related concerns. The Company's results of operations depend, in part, on consumer preferences and choices, including the number of mothers who choose to use infant formula products rather than breastfeed their babies. To the extent that private, public and government sources may promote the benefits of breastfeeding over the use of infant formula, there could be a reduced demand for infant formula products, and the Company's infant formula products business could be adversely affected. In addition, during fiscal 2013, the Company transitioned the majority of its infant formula products into new plastic packaging, following the leading U.S. brands that had made the transition to plastic packaging over the last several years. The Company believes that future growth in its infant formula volume in store brand market share will be enabled through the recent launch of its new plastic container offering. To the extent that this new packaging is not accepted by consumers, the Company's infant formula products business could be adversely affected. The Company's infant formula product category may also be affected by medical research relating to the healthfulness of cow's milk in the human diet. For example, adverse research may raise concerns about the fat, cholesterol, calorie, sodium and lactose content or contamination of dairy products, including infant formula. Any significant shift in consumer preference away from the use of infant formula may materially and adversely affect the results of operations of the Company's infant formula product category. Additionally, the Company's infant formula product category could be adversely impacted by an increase in the number of families that are provided with infant formula by the federal government through the Women, Infants and Children program, as the Company does not participate in this program. 

The Company believes that growth in the nutritional products business is based largely on national media attention regarding scientific research suggesting potential health benefits from regular consumption of certain vitamin and other nutritional products. There can be no assurance of future favorable scientific results and media attention, or the absence of unfavorable or inconsistent findings. In the event of future unfavorable scientific results or media attention, the Company's sales of nutritional products could be materially adversely impacted. 

Although the Company only enters into business acquisitions and divestitures that it expects will result in benefits to the Company, the Company may not realize those benefits because of integration and other challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's stock price or operating results. 

As part of the Company's strategy, it evaluates potential acquisitions in the ordinary course of business, some of which could be and have been material. Potential acquisition targets are evaluated on whether they have the capacity to deliver a return on invested capital (“ROIC”) in excess of 2 to 2.5 percentage points over the Company’s weighted average cost of capital ("WACC") within three years. Acquisitions, including the proposed Transactions involving Elan, involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 

•

uncertainties in assessing the value, strengths, and potential profitability of, and identifying the extent of all weaknesses, risks, contingent and other liabilities of, the respective parties; 

•

the potential loss of key customers, management and employees of an acquired business; 

•

the consummation of financing transactions, acquisitions or dispositions and the related effects on the Company's business; 

•

the ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies from an acquisition in the amounts and on the timeframe; 

•

problems that could arise from the integration of the respective businesses, including the application of internal control processes to the acquired business; and

•

unanticipated changes in business, industry, market, or general economic conditions that differ from the assumptions underlying the Company's rationale for pursuing the transaction.

Any one or more of these factors could cause the Company not to realize the benefits anticipated from a transaction. Moreover, any acquisition opportunities the Company pursues could materially affect its liquidity and capital resources and may require the Company to incur indebtedness, seek equity capital or both. Future 

 32

acquisitions could also result in the Company assuming more long-term liabilities relative to the value of the acquired assets than it has assumed in its previous acquisitions. Further, acquisition accounting rules require evaluation of certain assumptions, estimates or determination of financial statement classifications which are completed during the measurement period as defined in current accounting standards. Accounting policies of the Company and acquisition accounting rules may materially vary from those of the acquired company. Any changes in assumptions, estimates or financial statement classifications may be material and have a material adverse effect on the assets, liabilities or future earnings of the new combined consolidated company.  

In addition, integration activities may place substantial demands on the Company's management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems. Customer dissatisfaction or performance problems with an acquired business, technology, service or product could also have a material adverse effect on the Company's reputation and business. The Company's failure to successfully integrate acquisitions could have a negative effect on its operations. Integration risks and synergies associated with the Company's acquisitions are likely to include, but are not limited to, sales force, sales channel or product portfolio rationalization; manufacturing, distribution and supply chain integration and purchasing savings; quality and regulatory process standardization; and information technology and administration shared service implementations. The dedication of management resources to such integration may detract attention from the Company's day-to-day business, and there can be no assurance that there will not be substantial costs associated with the transaction process or other material adverse effects as a result of these integration efforts. In addition, a lack of performance of acquisitions could cause financial difficulties. During the second quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company acquired Sergeant's and Cobrek. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company acquired Rosemont. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company acquired Velcera and a product portfolio from Fera.

The Company also evaluates the performance of all operating business units against an ROIC threshold. Underperforming assets typically have a specific period to improve performance before other strategic alternatives are considered. The Company's inability to successfully divest or sell assets in a timely manner could have a negative effect on its operations. In addition, the process of divestitures could cause strains on the ongoing operations of the Company. 

Changes in estimates regarding fair value of goodwill or intangible assets may result in an adverse impact on the Company's results of operations. 

The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events suggest impairment exists. The test for impairment requires the Company to make several estimates about fair value, most of which are based on projected future cash flows. Changes in these estimates may result in the recognition of an impairment loss. The Company's testing in fiscal 2013 resulted in no impairment charges related to goodwill. 

Other intangible assets consist of a portfolio of individual developed product technology/formulation and product rights, distribution and license agreements, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, in-process research and development ("IPR&D") and trade names and trademarks. Certain trade names and trademarks, as well as IPR&D assets, are determined to have an indefinite useful life and are not subject to amortization. For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment analysis is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any individual asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Any significant change in market conditions, estimates or judgments used to determine expected future cash flows that indicate a reduction in carrying value may give rise to impairment in the period that the change becomes known. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding impairment of intangible assets. 

Federal and state health care reform may have an adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 

Increasing expenditures for health care have been the subject of considerable public attention in North America, Israel and many European countries. Both private and governmental entities are seeking ways to reduce or contain health care costs. In many countries where the Company currently operates, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation. In the U.S., numerous proposals that would effect changes in the U.S. health care system and the pharmaceutical industry have been introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures that could include, but not be limited to, intellectual property, regulatory, antitrust, drug pricing and product liability issues. Similar activities are taking place throughout Europe. As a result of governmental budgetary 

 33

constraints, the Israel Ministry of Health and the major Israeli health funds have sought to further reduce healthcare costs by, among other things, applying continuous pressure to reduce pharmaceutical prices and inventory levels. The Company cannot predict the nature of the measures that may be adopted, how they will be interpreted by the courts or the administrative agencies charged with enforcing them or their impact on the marketing, pricing and demand for its products. 

Federal law requires that a pharmaceutical manufacturer, as a condition of having federal funds being made available to the states for the manufacturer's drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B, must enter into a rebate agreement with the federal government to pay rebates to state Medicaid programs for the manufacturer's covered outpatient drugs that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program. The CMS is responsible for administering the Medicaid rebate agreements between the federal government and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Rebates are due on the utilization of Medicaid managed care organizations, as well as under fee-for-service arrangements. 

The Company has a Medicaid rebate agreement in effect with the federal government. Federal and/or state governments have enacted and are expected to continue to enact measures aimed at reducing the cost of drugs to such governmental payers as well as the public, including health reform legislation enacted in 2010. Management cannot predict the nature of such measures or their impact on the Company's profitability. Various states have in recent years also adopted supplemental drug rebate programs that are intended to provide the individual states with additional manufacturer rebates on Medicaid utilization over and above those required under a manufacturer's federal Medicaid agreement. States also have created drug coverage and corresponding manufacturer rebate programs for non-Medicaid populations, known as state pharmaceutical assistance programs. These rebate programs are generally designed to mimic the federal drug rebate program in terms of how the manufacturer rebates are calculated. Although there are a number of supplemental and state pharmacy assistance rebate programs, for the Company they are insignificant in the aggregate compared to its Medicaid drug rebate obligations. 

CMS rules require pharmaceutical companies to calculate and report the AMP to CMS on a monthly as well as a quarterly basis. In addition to using this information to calculate rebates, CMS is preparing to use AMP to calculate a type of federal ceiling on reimbursement rates for multiple source drugs to pharmacies under the Medicaid program, known as the FUL. Prior to using AMP, CMS typically used pricing data from third party compendia, such as the AWP or WAC, in the calculation of FULs. Health reform legislation enacted in 2010 amended the statutory definition of AMP and also amended the definition of “multiple source drug” in a manner that materially affects the calculation of FULs. CMS has begun posting draft AMP-based FUL reimbursement files on the CMS website that are calculated based on the requirements of the health reform legislation. Currently, the FUL reimbursement files are for review and comment only; however, CMS has announced that it plans to publish final FULs after a period of releasing them in draft format. CMS issued a proposed rule in February 2012 that provided guidance on the revised AMP definition and calculation of FULs but has not issued a final rule. Separately, under existing statutory authority granted by the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, CMS has begun collecting retail survey price information from retail community pharmacies to generate publicly available pricing files. CMS expects that the pricing files will provide state Medicaid agencies with an array of covered outpatient drug prices concerning retail pharmacy acquisition costs and consumer purchase prices and that state agencies can use this information to compare their own reimbursement and pricing methodologies and rates to those derived from the surveys. CMS has begun posting drafts of this retail survey price information in the form of draft NADAC files, which reflect retail community pharmacy invoice costs, and NARP files, which reflect retail community pharmacy prices to consumers. Currently, the retail survey price information files are for review and comment only. The Company does not know how the new methodologies for calculating AMP and FULs or the retail survey price information will affect the Company's pharmacy customers or to what extent these customers will seek to pass on any decrease in Medicaid reimbursements to the Company. The Company cannot predict how the sharing of weighted average monthly AMP data and retail survey prices may impact competition in the marketplace. 

If the Company is unable to successfully obtain the necessary quota for controlled substances and List 1 chemicals, there is risk of delayed product launches or failure to meet commercial supply obligations. If the Company is unable to comply with regulatory requirements for controlled substances and List 1 chemicals, the DEA may take regulatory actions, resulting in temporary or permanent interruption of distribution, withdrawal of products from the market or other penalties. 

Controlled substances and List 1 chemicals are subject to DEA regulation under the Controlled Substances Act. DEA quota requirements can limit the amount of controlled substances and List 1 chemicals a manufacturer may produce, the amount of API it may use to manufacture those products and the amount of controlled substance 

 34

products and List 1 chemicals a packager may package. If the Company is unable to successfully obtain the quota amounts, there is the risk of delayed launches or failure to meet commercial supply obligations. In addition, failure to comply with the above laws and requirements can result in enforcement action that could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could result in criminal proceedings. 

If the Company is unable to maintain adequately high levels of customer service over time, it may lose market share, and its business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

The Company understands that maintaining high levels of customer service requires the Company to be able to deliver high quality products to its customers on a timely basis. From time to time, the Company may experience interruptions and challenges to its customer service levels due to a variety of factors that may arise. Recently, as some of the Company's competitors have experienced production problems or have suspended production altogether, the Company has experienced significant increases in the volume of customer orders in certain product categories. Additionally, recent enhancements to the Company's quality assurance systems constrained the pace of some of the Company's production output for a limited period of time. If the Company is unable to maintain adequately high levels of customer service over time, due to these factors or otherwise, the Company may lose market share, and its business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

If the Company cannot continue to rapidly develop, manufacture and market innovative products that meet customer requirements for performance, safety and cost effectiveness, it may lose market share and its revenues may be negatively impacted.

The Company's future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, upon its ability to successfully commercialize additional OTC and generic prescription drugs and/or innovative pharmaceuticals, infant formulas and API. All pharmaceutical products must meet regulatory standards and/or receive regulatory approvals. The Company must prove that the ANDA or NDA drug products are bioequivalent to their branded counterparts, which typically requires bioequivalency studies or even more extensive clinical trials to demonstrate efficacy of topical products. The development and commercialization process, particularly with respect to innovative products, is both time consuming and costly and involves a high degree of business risk. Products currently under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as expected, may not pass required bioequivalence studies or may be the subject of intellectual property challenges, and necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all, and the Company may not be able to successfully and profitably produce and market such products. Delays in any part of the process or the Company's inability to obtain regulatory approval of its products (including products developed by others to which the Company has exclusive marketing rights) could adversely affect operating results by restricting or delaying its introduction of new products. Even upon the successful development of a product, the Company's customer's failure to launch a product could adversely affect operating results. The FDA could impose higher standards and additional requirements, such as requiring more supporting data and clinical data than previously required, in order to gain FDA clearance to launch new formulations into the market. Continuous introductions of new products and product categories are critical to the Company's business. Product margins may decline over time due to the products' aging life cycles, changes in consumer choice or developments in new drug delivery technology. Therefore, new product introductions are necessary for maintenance of the Company's current financial condition, and if the Company fails to introduce and market new products, the effect on its financial results could be materially adverse. 

The Company contracts with clinical research organizations ("CROs") to conduct various studies that are used to support the Company's new product development program. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013, certain of the CROs used by the Company began bankruptcy or receivership proceedings, including PRACS Institute, LLC; PRACS Institute Canada B.C. Ltd.; Comprehensive Clinical Development, Inc.; and their related entities. It is uncertain what, if any, impact these insolvency proceedings may have on the ability of those CROs to deliver their study results to the Company or on the Company's ability to rely on research performed by those CROs. To the extent those CROs cannot deliver their study results to the Company or the Company cannot rely, in whole or in part, on the research conducted by those CROs, it may delay the launch of new products, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's future operating results.

These situations are unique and therefore it is uncertain what will be the position of the FDA towards the studies conducted by these now bankrupt CROs. The FDA may be limited in its ability to inspect the study facilities or gain access to source study documents which may result in the Company having to repeat biostudies. If these scenarios occur, it would result in approval delays.

 35

The Company's investment in research and development is expected to increase above recent levels due to the Company's ongoing broadening of its OTC, ANDA or NDA, generic prescription and specialty API product portfolio, as well as several opportunities for new products that are switching or are anticipated to be switching from Rx to OTC status. The ability to attract scientists proficient in emerging delivery forms and/or contracting with a third party in order to generate new products of this type is a critical element of the Company's long-term plans. Should the Company fail to attract qualified employees, successfully develop products in a timely manner, or enter into reasonable agreements with third parties, long-term sales growth and profit would be adversely impacted. 

Changes in the Company's credit ratings may limit its access to capital and materially increase borrowing costs.

In May 2013, the Company issued $600 million unsecured notes in a public offering. In conjunction with the offering, the Company received ratings from Moody's Investor Service and Standard and Poor's Rating Services. Any changes or downgrades to the Company's credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact the Company's access to capital markets and the perception of the Company's credit risk by lenders and other third parties. The Company's credit ratings are based upon information furnished by the Company or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating agencies may review the ratings assigned to the Company due to developments that are beyond the Company's control, including the introduction of new standards requiring the agencies to re-assess rating practices and methodologies.

Any downgrade to the ratings of the Company's debt securities may result in higher interest costs for certain of the Company's credit facilities and other debt financings, and could result in higher interest costs on future financings. Further, downgrades may impact the Company's ability to obtain adequate financing, including via trade payables with vendors. Customers' inclination to purchase goods from the Company may also be affected by the publicity associated with deterioration of the Company's credit ratings.

The Company manufactures spot-on pesticides for the monthly control of fleas, ticks, or other external parasites in dogs and cats. These products are safe and effective when used in accordance with label directions; however, pesticide ingredients may cause harm to animals and humans if used improperly. Additional regulation may be enacted to mitigate improper uses of these ingredients, which could have an adverse impact on the Company's sales of such products and resulting income. 

In spring 2009, the EPA noticed an increase in pet incidents being reported involving spot-on pesticide products for pets. The EPA received a large amount of information on individual reported adverse pet incidents from the companies that hold registrations for these products (called the registrants). The EPA also reviewed other information that was submitted. The EPA formed an expert veterinarian team to thoroughly analyze the data. The EPA also partnered with the Food and Drug Administration's Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM) and Canada's Pest Management Regulatory Agency ("PMRA") on the review of this analysis. The team studied incidents involving cats and dogs, looked at both active and inert ingredients, studied product labeling, and discussed data needs for the future to improve analyses and regulation. The EPA found that the products could be used safely but that some additional restrictions are needed. The EPA's team of veterinarians learned that most incidents were minor, but unfortunately there were some pet deaths and “major incidents” reported. The EPA learned that the most commonly affected organ systems were dermal, gastrointestinal, and nervous. Recommendations to reduce harmful effects include addressing concerns about dosing, improving labeling to avoid confusion between dog and cat products, making labels more understandable with larger fonts and pictograms, addressing uncertainties about the inert ingredients in these products, imposing conditions of registration when granting amendments to existing products or granting new registrations, requiring more standardized reporting on adverse effects and sales, changing data requirements for pre-market clinical trials and implementing a formal post-market surveillance program. Future pet spot-on registrations and amendments to new registrations will be restricted by appropriate conditions and time-limitations to allow the EPA to continue to ensure the safety of these products after they are available to the public.

The EPA mitigation efforts for educating consumers and reducing misuse are ongoing. The Company cannot predict whether further label restrictions may be required, or whether additional regulations may be passed, or to the extent of the adverse impact additional restrictions or regulations may have on the Company's results of operations.

 36

The Company's quarterly results are impacted by a number of factors, some of which are beyond the control of management, that may result in significant quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in operating results. 

The Company's quarterly operating results depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the severity, length and timing of the cough/cold/flu season and flea and tick season, the timing of new product approvals and introductions by the Company and its competitors, price competition, changes in the regulatory environment, the magnitude and timing of research and development investments, changes in the levels of inventories maintained by the Company's customers and the timing of retailer promotional programs. Accordingly, the Company may be subject to significant and unanticipated quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in its operating results. 

The competitive markets in which the Company operates could lead to reduced demand for its products in favor of its competitors' products, which could negatively impact its sales, gross margin, and prospects. 

The markets for OTC pharmaceutical, animal health, nutritional, infant formula, generic pharmaceutical and API products are highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on price, quality and assortment of products, customer service, marketing support and availability of new products. Competition also comes from national brand companies and branded pharmaceutical companies. That competition could be intensified should those companies lower prices or manufacture their own store brand or generic equivalent products. Due to the high degree of price competition, the Company has not always been able to fully pass on cost increases to its customers. The inability to pass on future cost increases, the impact of store brand competitors and the impact of national brand companies lowering prices of their products, offering special promotional discounts or operating in the store brand market could have a material adverse impact on financial results. The Company also sells nationally branded animal health products. The animal health segment has seen a dramatic increase in the direct to consumer advertising of several branded competitors. The Company may see an increase in competition as more competitors increase national advertising expenditures. As additional companies come to market with product registrations similar to the Company, pricing strategies or marketing support may need to become more competitive. In addition, since the Company sells its nutritional products through retail drug, supermarket and mass merchandise chains, it may experience increased competition in its nutritional products business through alternative channels such as health food stores, direct mail and direct sales as more consumers obtain products through these channels. The Company has evaluated, and will continue to evaluate, the products and product categories in which it does business. Future product line extensions, or deletions, could have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

Selling prices of generic drugs typically decline, sometimes dramatically, as competition intensifies due to additional companies receiving approvals for a given product or brands launching authorized generics. To the extent that the Company succeeds in being the first to market a generic version of a significant product, the Company's sales and profit can be substantially increased in the period following the introduction of such product and prior to a competitor's introduction of an equivalent product. The Company's ability to sustain its sales and profitability on any product over time is dependent on both the number of new competitors for such product, some of whom may be significantly larger than the Company, and the timing of their approvals. 

Certain competitors are choosing to consolidate in the generic pharmaceutical and nutritional industries. These consolidations may create larger companies with which the Company must compete and provide further pressure on prices, development activities or customer retention. The impact of future consolidation in the industry could have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

The Company's API business is subject to increased competition from other manufacturers of API located in Europe and developing countries, such as India and China. Such competition may result in loss of API customers and/or decreased profitability in this business segment. 

The Company's success is dependent, in large part, on continued store brand growth for its OTC and Nutritionals products, which is influenced by factors outside management's control. There can be no assurance that store brand products will continue to grow and failure to achieve continued growth may adversely impact the Company's sales and resulting financial condition. 

The future growth of domestic store brand products will be influenced, in part, by general economic conditions, which can influence consumers to switch to and from store brand products, consumer perception and acceptance of the quality of the products available, the development of new products and/or product delivery forms, the market exclusivity periods awarded on Rx to OTC switch products and the ongoing or growing strength of the retailers' brands in the market. The OTC business does not advertise like the national brand companies

and thus is largely 

 37

dependent on retailer promotional activities to drive sales volume and increase market share. Growth opportunities for the products in which the Company currently has a significant store brand market share (cough/cold/flu/allergy, analgesic, smoking cessation and gastrointestinal products) will be driven by the ability to offer new products to existing domestic customers. Branded pharmaceutical companies may use state and federal regulatory and legislative means to limit the availability of brand equivalent products. Should store brand growth be limited by any of these factors, there could be a significant adverse impact on the operating results of the Company. 

Lack of availability of, or significant increases in the cost of, raw materials used in manufacturing the Company's products could adversely impact its profit margins and operating results. 

Affordable high quality raw materials and packaging components are essential to all of the Company's business units due to the nature of the products the Company manufactures. Raw materials and packaging components are generally available from multiple suppliers. Supplies of certain raw materials, bulk tablets and finished goods purchased by the Company are limited, or are available from one or only a few suppliers. In these situations, increased prices, rationing and shortages can occur. In response to these problems the Company tries to identify alternative materials or suppliers for such raw materials, bulk tablets and finished goods. FDA requirements for products approved through the ANDA or NDA process could substantially lengthen the approval of an alternate material source. Certain material shortages and approval of alternate sources could adversely affect financial results. The rapid increase in cost of many raw materials from inflationary forces, such as increased energy costs, and the Company's ability or inability to pass on these increases to its customers, could have a material impact on the Company's financial results. 

The Company maintains several single-source supplier relationships, either because alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to regulatory, performance, quality, support, or price considerations. Unavailability or delivery delays of single-source components or products could adversely affect the Company's ability to ship the related product in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with the Company's higher volume or more profitable products. Even where alternative sources of supply are available, qualifying the alternate suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or result in delays and a loss of revenues. As a result, the loss of a single-source supplier could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. 

In addition, raw materials purchased from third parties, including those from foreign countries, may contain counterfeit ingredients or other adulterants. The Company maintains a strict program of verification and product testing throughout the ingredient sourcing and manufacturing process to identify potential counterfeit ingredients, adulterants and toxic substances. Nevertheless, discovery of previously unknown problems with the raw materials or product manufacturing processes or new data suggesting an unacceptable safety risk associated therewith, could result in a voluntary or mandatory withdrawal of the contaminated product from the marketplace, either temporarily or permanently. Any future recall or removal would result in additional costs to the Company, and may give rise to product liability litigation, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company. 

The Company's infant formula products require certain key raw ingredients that are derived from raw milk, such as skim milk powder, whey protein powder and lactose. The Company's supply of milk-based ingredients may be limited by the ability of individual dairy farmers and cooperatives to provide raw milk in the amount and quality necessary to meet the needs of the Company's infant formula product category. Raw milk production is influenced by factors beyond the Company's control, including: (1) seasonal factors, such as dairy cows producing more milk in temperate weather than hot or cold weather, drought and extended unseasonably hot or cold weather potentially leading to lower than expected supplies; (2) environmental factors, such as the volume and quality of milk produced by dairy cows being linked closely to the quality of nourishment provided by the surrounding environment; (3) governmental agricultural and environmental policy, such as government grants, subsidies, land provisions, technical assistance, and other agricultural and environmental policies having a direct effect on the viability of individual dairy farmers and dairy farmer cooperatives and the number of dairy cows and quantities of milk they are able to produce and (4) global demand for milk and key ingredients derived from milk. The Company cannot guarantee that there will be sufficient supplies of these key ingredients derived from raw milk. Any disruption in the supply of these key ingredients derived from raw milk could adversely and materially impact the Company's infant formula product category. 

The Company's products, and the raw materials used to make those products, generally have limited shelf lives. The Company's inventory levels are based, in part, on expectations regarding future sales. The Company may experience build-ups in inventory if sales slow. Any significant shortfall in sales may result in higher inventory 

 38

levels of raw materials and finished products, thereby increasing the risk of inventory spoilage and corresponding inventory write-downs and write-offs, which may materially and adversely affect the Company's results of operations. Cargo thefts and/or diversions and economically or maliciously motivated product tampering on store shelves may be experienced from time to time, causing unexpected shortages. Additionally, the FDA is beginning to scrutinize claims on infant formula labels. Labeling changes required for regulatory compliance could render packaging inventories obsolete. 

The costs, both financially and in regard to management attention, of combating legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From time to time, the Company and/or its subsidiaries become involved in lawsuits arising from various commercial matters, including, but not limited to, competitive issues, contract issues, intellectual property matters, false advertising/unfair competition, taxation matters, workers' compensation, product liability, environmental remediation issues and state or federal regulatory issues. See the notes to the Company's annual and quarterly consolidated financial statements incorporated herein. Litigation is unpredictable and can be costly. No assurance can be made that litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations in the future. Similarly, judicial decisions in proceedings to which the Company is not a party may result in the setting of legal precedent that could affect the future operation of the Company's business. In addition, the Company may face environmental exposures including, for example, those relating to discharges from and materials handled as part of its operations, the remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous substances or wastes, and the health and safety of its employees. While the Company does not have any material remediation liabilities currently outstanding, the Company may in the future face liability for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances or petroleum products on, under, or in its currently or formerly owned property, or from a third party disposal facility that it may have used, without regard to whether the Company knew of, or caused, the presence of the contaminants. The actual or alleged presence of, or failure to remediate properly, these substances could have adverse effects, including, for example, substantial investigative or remedial obligations and limitations on the ability to sell or rent affected property or to borrow funds using affected property as collateral. There can be no assurance that environmental liabilities and costs will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The Company may also be subject to liability if its products violate or are alleged to violate applicable laws or regulations in the jurisdictions where such products are distributed or in the event that its products cause or are alleged to cause injury, illness, or death. The successful assertion of product liability claims against the Company could result in potentially significant monetary damages and diversion of management resources, and require the Company to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, not merited, or not fully pursued, the Company may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a claim, and the Company's reputation may suffer. 

Court rulings limiting the application of Federal preemption may have an adverse effect on the Company's operations as a result of a potential increase in litigation exposure. 

On January 24, 2011, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued a decision in Gaeta v. Perrigo, reversing a lower court decision that the plaintiff's state law causes of action were preempted by the FFDCA to the extent that they were based on an alleged lack of adequate warning. In its decision, the Ninth Circuit stated that it joined the Fifth and Eighth Circuits in concluding that the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Wyeth v. Levine, 129 S. Ct 1187 (2009) (concluding that the federal regulatory regime governing pharmaceuticals does not preempt state law failure-to-warn claims against brand name manufacturers) “extends with equal force to claims against generic manufacturers.” On June 10, 2011, the Company filed a Writ of Certioriari with the United States Supreme Court seeking an appeal of the Ninth Circuit's ruling in the Gaeta case. Subsequently, the U.S. Supreme Court recently addressed the issue of whether state law failure-to-warn claims against generic prescription drug manufacturers for failing to modify their labeling to include warnings that differ from the name-brand equivalent are automatically preempted by the FDCA's requirement that the label for a generic drug be the “same as” the label for the brand name counterpart in the following three cases from the Fifth and Eighth Circuits: Pliva v. Mensing, 09-993; Actavis v. Mensing, 09-1039; and Actavis v. DeMahy, 09-1501 (collectively, referred to as Pliva v. Mensing). These cases were consolidated for review. On June 23, 2011, in a 5-4 reversal of the decisions of the Fifth and Eighth Circuits, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in Pliva v. Mensing and ruled that state-law tort claims against generic manufacturers were preempted because the federal statutes and federal regulations required the same warning label as that approved by the FDA for the brand-name drug. With the reversal of the decisions of the Fifth and Eighth Circuits, the Company and other manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products (OTC and Rx) retain 

 39

their ability to dismiss certain failure-to-warn claims based on federal preemption. Based on the U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision in Pliva v. Mensing, which reversed the decisions on preemption that were relied upon by the Ninth Circuit, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded the case back to the Ninth Circuit to be decided consistent with the Court's decision in Pliva v. Mensing. Upon remand, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the decision of the lower court that state law causes of action were preempted by the FFDCA.

Changes in tax laws or income tax rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and the ability to utilize cash in a tax efficient manner. 

A number of factors may adversely impact the Company's future effective tax rates, such as income tax rate changes by governments; the jurisdictions in which the Company's profits are determined to be earned and taxed; changes in the valuation of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; adjustments to the Company's interpretation of transfer pricing standards, changes in available tax credits, grants and other incentives; changes in stock-based compensation expense; changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws (e.g., proposals for fundamental U.S. international tax reform); changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; expiration or the inability to renew tax rulings or tax holiday incentives; and the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings with respect to which the Company has not previously provided for U.S. taxes. A change in the Company's effective tax rate due to any of these factors may adversely impact the Company's future results from operations. Also, changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to utilize cash in a tax efficient manner. 

Because the Company depends upon certain customers for a significant portion of its sales, the Company's sales and income would be adversely affected by a disruption of its relationship with these customers or any material adverse change in these customers' business. 

The Company believes its primary customer base aligns with the concentration of large drug retailers in the current marketplace of the retail drug industry. Sales to the Company's largest customer, Walmart, comprised approximately 
19%
 of fiscal 2013 net sales. Should Walmart's current relationship with the Company change adversely, the resulting loss of business could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. In addition, while no other customer individually comprises more than 10% of total net sales, the Company does have other significant customers. If the Company's relationship with one or more of these other customers, including the terms for doing business with the customers, changes significantly, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Changes in supply relationships with the Company's customers, such as alternate sources for products, withholding new product introductions and/or development of customer store brand programs, could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Maintaining the supply relationships with the Company's customers is critical to its success. If the Company is unable to deliver to expected customer service levels, customers may choose to assess penalties, obtain alternate sources for products, withhold new product introductions and/or end the relationship with the Company. The success in recent years of private label marketing programs has increased large retailers' attention to the importance of their store brand programs, and as a result, many are dedicating significant resources to auditing supplier compliance with their quality, ethical and service standards. Customers may limit the level of product sourcing with the Company in protection of the customer's own interests. Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Retailer consolidation can increase the Company's credit risk, which may adversely affect the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

Retailer consolidation continues to inherently increase the size of the Company's customers. If a large customer should encounter financial difficulties, the Company's exposure with respect to uncollectible 

receivables and unusable inventory, as well as the potential loss of future sales, could result in a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

Conditions in Israel affect the Company's operations and may limit its ability to produce and sell its products. 

The Company has significant manufacturing and research and development facilities in Israel. Political, economic and military conditions in Israel directly affect the Company's operations, and the Company could be 

 40

adversely affected by current or future hostilities involving Israel or a significant recession or downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel. 

Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries. A state of hostility, varying in degree and intensity, has led to security and economic problems for Israel in recent years. These hostilities can adversely affect Israel's relationship with a number of countries in the region and elsewhere, as well as its relationship with international organizations. 

While none of the Company's facilities in Israel have been directly affected by hostile operations, there can be no assurance that a further escalation of hostilities will not impact the Company's facilities. Furthermore, the Company's employees in Israel include members of the Israeli military reserves, some of whom have been called up for active duty. If a significant number of the Company's employees in Israel are called up for active duty in the military, the Company's operations in Israel may be materially adversely affected. 

Escalations of hostilities have disruptive effects on Israel's economy, and any international economic sanctions against Israel could further harm Israel's economy. These economic developments could have an adverse effect on the Company's Israel Pharmaceutical and Diagnostic Products business. 

Furthermore, certain parties with whom the Company does business may decline to travel to Israel, which would force the Company to make alternative arrangements where necessary. The United States Department of State has at times issued an advisory regarding travel to various sections of Israel. As a result of the State Department's advisories, the FDA has at various times curtailed or prohibited its inspectors from traveling to Israel to inspect the facilities of Israeli companies, and should this occur with respect to the Company's Israeli facilities, the FDA could withhold approval for new products intended to be produced at those facilities. 

Although it has not yet occurred, the political and security situation in Israel may result in certain parties with whom the Company has contracts claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments pursuant to force majeure provisions of those contracts. 

The Company could experience disruption of its manufacturing and research and development facilities due to terrorist acts or military actions. If terrorist acts or military actions were to result in substantial damage to the Company's facilities, business activities would be disrupted since, with respect to most products, the Company would need to obtain prior FDA approval for a change in manufacturing site. The Company's insurance may not adequately compensate it for losses that may occur and any losses or damages incurred by the Company could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

Some neighboring countries, as well as certain companies and organizations, continue to participate in a boycott of Israeli firms and others doing business with Israel or with Israeli companies. The Company is also precluded from marketing its products to certain of these countries due to U.S. and Israeli regulatory restrictions. Because an immaterial amount of the Company's revenue is currently derived from sales to these countries, the Company believes that the boycott has not had a material adverse effect on its current operations. However, continuation or extension of the boycott or implementation of additional restrictive laws, policies or practices directed towards Israel or Israeli businesses could have an adverse impact on the expansion of the Company's business. 

Changes in global economic conditions may adversely impact the Company's liquidity and financial condition. 

The economies of the United States and the other countries in which the Company produces and markets its products continue to be affected by the economic conditions that began with the financial and credit liquidity crisis in late 2008. Although economic conditions have improved during fiscal 2011, fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013, there continues to be uncertainty as to whether this improvement is sustainable. Furthermore, geopolitical issues, sovereign debt issues, and the depressed state of global real estate markets have contributed to increased market volatility. Continued market volatility could adversely affect the Company's stock price, liquidity and overall financial condition. 

The Company's customers and suppliers may be adversely affected by a worsening of the current economic conditions. Although the Company actively reviews the credit worthiness of its customers and suppliers, the Company cannot fully predict to what extent its customers and suppliers may be negatively impacted and thus to what extent the Company's operations would be affected. 

 41

The Company invests cash and cash equivalents primarily in demand deposits and other short-term instruments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. Since the advent of the global financial crisis in the first calendar quarter of 2008, the Company has maintained a balance between objectives of safety of principal, liquidity and return by investing primarily in U.S., federal, state and local government obligations, direct obligations of local sovereign governments and in bank obligations of the Company's credit banks meeting a minimum third-party credit rating standard. The value of the Company's assets may be adversely affected by a worsening of economic conditions. 

Although the Company's lenders have made commitments to make funds available to the Company in a timely fashion, if economic conditions worsen or new information becomes publicly available impacting these lenders' credit ratings or capital ratios, the Company's lenders may be unable or unwilling to lend money pursuant to the Company's existing credit facilities. In addition, if the Company determines that it is appropriate or necessary to raise capital in the future, the cost of raising funds through the debt or equity markets may be more expensive or those markets may be unavailable. If the Company is unable to use its existing credit facilities or raise funds through debt or equity markets, the Company's liquidity or ability to follow its key growth strategies could be materially and adversely affected. 

Additionally, decreases in personal incomes may have caused consumers to look for and purchase lower priced products, such as generic and store brand products manufactured by the Company, as an alternative to higher priced brand-name products. To the extent that this trend has occurred, the Company's sales could be negatively affected if economic conditions improve and if consumers were enticed to go back to purchasing higher-priced brand-name products. 

The manufacturing of sterile, injectable products is highly exacting and complex, and if the Company's suppliers encounter production problems, it could have an adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company distributes sterile, injectable products that are manufactured by third parties. The manufacture of sterile, injectable products is highly complex and exacting in part due to strict regulatory and safety requirements and standards that govern both the manufacture and packaging of these types of projects. Failure of the third-party manufacturers to maintain strict controls or adherence to procedures may result in product recalls and liability claims, which could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and reputation.

Third-party patents and other intellectual property rights may limit the Company's ability to bring new products to market and may subject the Company to potential legal liability. The failure to bring new products to market in a timely manner without incurring legal liability could cause the Company to lose market share and its operating results may suffer. 

The Company's ability to bring new products to market is limited by certain patent, trademark and trade dress factors including, but not limited to, the existence of patents protecting brand products for all business segments and the regulatory exclusivity periods awarded on products. The cost and time to develop these prescription and switch products is significantly greater than the rest of the new products that the Company seeks to introduce. Moreover, the manufacture, use and sale of new products that are the subject of conflicting patent rights have been the subject of substantial litigation in the pharmaceutical industry. These lawsuits relate to the validity and infringement of patents or proprietary rights of third parties. The Company may have to defend against charges that it violated patents or proprietary rights of third parties. The Company's defense against charges that it infringed third-party patents or proprietary rights could require the Company to incur substantial expense and to divert significant effort of its technical and management personnel. If the Company is found to have infringed on the rights of others, it could lose its right to develop or manufacture some products or could be required to pay monetary damages or royalties to license proprietary rights from third parties. 

Although the parties to patent and intellectual property disputes in the pharmaceutical industry have often settled their disputes through licensing or similar arrangements, the costs associated with these arrangements may be substantial and could include ongoing royalties. Furthermore, the Company cannot be certain that the necessary licenses would be available to it on terms it believes to be acceptable. As a result, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent the Company from manufacturing and selling a number of its products. 

At times, the Company may seek approval to market NDA or ANDA products before the expiration of patents for those products, based upon its belief that such patents are invalid, unenforceable or would not be infringed by its 

 42

products. As a result, the Company may face significant patent litigation. Depending upon a complex analysis of a variety of legal and commercial factors, the Company may, in certain circumstances, elect to market a generic pharmaceutical product while litigation is pending, before any court decision or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending. This is referred to in the pharmaceutical industry as an “at risk” launch. The risk involved in an “at risk” launch can be substantial because, if a patent holder ultimately prevails, the remedies available to the patent holder may include, among other things, damages measured by the profits lost by the holder, which are often significantly higher than the profits the Company makes from selling the generic version of the product. By electing to proceed in this manner, the Company could face substantial damages if a final court decision is adverse to the Company. In the case where a patent holder is able to prove that the Company's infringement was “willful” or “exceptional”, the definition of which is subjective, the patent holder may be awarded up to three times the amount of its actual damages. At the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2012 and following a summary judgment ruling of non-infringement, the Company launched a generic version of Mucinex
®

 tablets (600mg) from Reckitt Benckiser prior to the expiration of the relevant patents. At that time, this was an "at risk" launch. During the second quarter of fiscal 2013, the brand dismissed the appeal, and as a result, this is no longer an "at risk" launch. 

The government programs in Israel in which the Company participates and the tax benefits the Company receives require the Company to meet several conditions and may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase the Company's costs and tax expenses. 

The Company has received grants for research and development from the Office of the Chief Scientist in Israel's Ministry of Industry and Trade. To continue to be eligible for these grants, the Company's development projects must be approved by the Chief Scientist on a case-by-case basis. If the Company's development projects are not approved by the Chief Scientist, the Company will not receive grants to fund these projects, which would increase research and development costs. The receipt of such grants subjects the Company to certain restrictions and pre-approval requirements, which may be conditioned on additional royalty payments with rights to transfer intellectual property and/or production abroad. The Company also receives tax benefits, in particular exemptions and reductions, as a result of the Privileged Enterprise status of certain existing operations in Israel. To be eligible for these tax benefits, the Company must maintain its Privileged Enterprise status by meeting conditions, including making specified investments in fixed assets located in specific regions in Israel and investing additional equity in itself and its Israeli subsidiaries and by meeting projections provided to the regulatory agencies. If the Company fails to meet these conditions in the future, the tax benefits would be canceled, and the Company could be required to refund the tax benefits already received. These tax benefits may not be continued in the future at their current levels or at any level. If such benefits are reduced or eliminated in the future, the Company's results of operations will be adversely impacted. 

In fiscal 2011, Israel enacted new tax legislation that reduced the effective tax rate to 10% for 2011 and 2012, 7% for 2013 and 2014, and 6% thereafter for certain qualifying entities that elect to be taxed under the new legislation. This legislation was rescinded as announced in the Official Gazette on August 5, 2013. The new legislation enacted a 9% rate for certain qualifying entities that elect to be taxed under the new legislation. The Company has two entities that had previously elected the new tax legislation for years after fiscal 2011. Therefore, the above risk is only applicable for the Company for fiscal year 2011 as statutes remain open for this year.

A significant disruption at any of the Company's main manufacturing facilities could materially and adversely affect the Company's business, financial position and results of operations. 

The Company's U.S. operations are concentrated in Michigan, Minnesota, South Carolina, New York, Vermont, Ohio and Nebraska. Approximately 81% of the Company's fiscal 2013 revenues are related to these manufacturing facilities. The Company has concentrated manufacturing facilities in Israel, which comprise approximately 
11%
 of the Company's fiscal 2013 revenues. A significant disruption resulting from, but not limited to, fire, tornado, storm, flood, cyber attacks, material supply, insufficient quality, or pandemic at any of the Company's facilities could impair its ability to develop, produce and/or ship products on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial position and operating results. 

The success of certain of the Company's products depends on the effectiveness of measures it takes to protect its intellectual property rights and patents. 

The Company's success with certain of its products depends, in part, on its ability to protect and defend its intellectual property rights. If the Company fails to adequately protect its intellectual property, competitors may manufacture and market similar products. The Company has been issued patents covering certain of its products, 

 43

and has filed, and expects to continue to file, patent applications seeking to protect newly developed technologies and products in various countries, including the U.S. Any existing or future patents issued to or licensed by the 

Company may not provide it with any significant competitive advantages for its products or may even be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by competitors. In addition, such patent rights may not prevent the Company's competitors from developing, using or commercializing non-infringing products that are similar or functionally equivalent to its products. 

The Company also relies on trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation that it seeks to protect, in part by confidentiality agreements with licensees, suppliers, employees and consultants. If these agreements are breached, the Company may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Disputes may arise concerning the ownership of intellectual property or the applicability of confidentiality agreements. Furthermore, trade secrets and proprietary technology may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors or, if patents are not issued with respect to products arising from research, the Company may not be able to maintain the value of such intellectual property rights. The Company is also increasing its research and development efforts in countries where risks of improper disclosure of trade secrets and proprietary technology are higher than in the United States and Israel. 

A substantial portion of the sources of raw materials and an increasing volume of sales of the Company are outside the United States. Additional legislation or regulation concerning importing/exporting may be enacted, which could have an adverse impact on the Company's net sales of such products and resulting income. 

The Company imports and exports products and raw materials from/to several jurisdictions around the world. This process involves Company subsidiaries and third parties operating in a number of jurisdictions with different customs and import/export regulations. The regulations are subject to change from time to time and the Company cannot predict the nature, scope or impact of these changes upon the Company's operations. The Company is subject to periodic reviews and audits by U.S. and foreign authorities responsible for administering these regulations. To the extent that the Company is unable to successfully defend itself against an audit or review, the Company may be required to pay assessments, penalties and increased duties, which may, individually or in the aggregate, negatively impact the Company's gross margins and operating results. Certain of the Company's facilities operate in a special purpose subzone established by the U.S. Department of Commerce Foreign Trade Zone Board, which allows the Company certain tax advantages on products and raw materials shipped through these facilities. If the U.S. Department of Commerce Foreign Trade Zone Board were to revoke the subzone designation or limit its use by the Company, the Company could be subject to increased duties, which may negatively impact the Company's gross margins and operating results. 

Conducting business in international markets involves risks and uncertainties such as foreign exchange rate exposure and social, political and economic instability that could lead to increased prices for raw materials, reduced international sales and reduced profitability associated with such sales, which could reduce the Company's net sales and income. 

The Company sources certain key raw materials and finished products from foreign suppliers in countries that include, but are not limited to, Australia, Canada, China, Denmark, India and Mexico. The Company continues to increase its revenues outside the U.S. The Company's primary markets for the sale of its products outside the U.S. are Canada, Germany, Israel, Mexico, the U.K., China and Australia. The Company may have difficulty in international markets due, for example, to regulatory barriers, the necessity of adapting to new regulatory systems and problems related to markets with different cultural biases and political systems and strict adherence to all anti-corruption laws including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Violence and crime in Mexico could adversely affect the Company's manufacturing activities and ability to recruit and retain employees there. Sales to customers outside the U.S. and foreign raw material purchases expose the Company to a number of risks, including unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, possible difficulties in enforcing agreements, longer payment cycles, longer shipping lead-times, inefficient port operations, exchange rate fluctuations, difficulties obtaining export or import licenses, the imposition of withholding or other taxes, economic or political instability, embargoes, military hostilities or exchange controls. Should any of these risks occur, they may have a material adverse impact on the operating results of the Company. 

 44

The Company is dependent on the services of certain key executive and scientific employees. The failure to attract and retain such employees may have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations. 

The Company's future success will depend in large part upon its ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. Key functions for the Company include executive managers, operational managers, research and development scientists, information technology specialists, financial and legal specialists, regulatory professionals, quality compliance specialists and sales/marketing personnel. Should the Company be unable to attract or retain key qualified employees, future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Increasing use of social media could give rise to liability, breaches of data security or reputational damage. 

The Company and its employees are increasingly utilizing social media tools as a means of communications both internally and externally. To the extent that the Company seeks to use these tools as a means to communicate about its products and/or business, there are uncertainties as to either the rules that apply to such communications, or as to the interpretations that authorities will apply to the rules that exist. As a result, despite the Company's efforts to monitor evolving social media communication guidelines and comply with applicable rules, there is risk that the Company's use of social media for such purposes may cause it to be found in violation of them. In addition, because of the availability of social media tools globally, the Company's employees may knowingly or inadvertently make use of them in ways that may not be aligned with the Company's social media strategy, and that may give rise to liability, or could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of the Company's employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. In either case, such uses of social media could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, negative posts or comments about the Company or its products in social media could seriously damage its reputation and could adversely affect the price of its securities. 

To protect itself against various potential liabilities, the Company maintains a variety of insurance programs. Significant increases in the cost or decreases in the availability of such insurance could adversely impact the Company's financial condition. 

The Company maintains insurance, including property, general and product liability, and directors' and officers' liability to protect itself against potential loss exposures. The Company cannot predict whether deductible or retention amounts will increase or whether coverage will be reduced in the future. To the extent that losses occur, there could be an adverse effect on the Company's financial results depending on the nature of the loss and the level of insurance coverage maintained by the Company. From time to time, the Company may reevaluate and change the types and levels of insurance coverage that it purchases. 

The Company, like retailers and other distributors and manufacturers of products, is exposed to product liability claims in the event that, among other things, the use of its products results in injury. There is no assurance that product liability insurance will continue to be available to the Company at an economically reasonable cost (or at all for certain products) or that the Company's insurance will be adequate to cover liability that the Company incurs in connection with product liability claims. See Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to Legal Proceedings. 

The Company's business requires continuous capital investments and there can be no assurance that financial capital will always be available on favorable terms or at all. In some instances, the Company may determine to issue additional shares of capital stock in order to meet its capital needs, which would dilute existing shareholders' ownership. 

The Company maintains a broad product line to function as a primary supplier for its customers. Capital investments are driven by growth, technological advancements, cost improvement and the need for manufacturing flexibility. Estimation of future capital expenditures could vary materially due to the uncertainty of these factors. If the Company fails to stay current with the latest manufacturing, information and packaging technology, it may be unable to competitively support the launch of new product introductions. 

The Company anticipates that cash, cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowings available under its credit facilities will substantially fund working capital and capital expenditures. The Company has historically evaluated acquisition opportunities and anticipates that acquisition opportunities will continue to be identified and evaluated in the future. The historical growth of sales and profits has been positively influenced by acquisitions. There is no assurance that future sales and profits will, or will not, be impacted by acquisition activities. 

 45

The Company's current capital structure, results of operations and cash flow needs could be materially impacted by acquisitions. 

The Company's senior credit facilities, the agreements governing its senior notes and agreements governing its other indebtedness contain a number of restrictions and covenants that limit the Company's ability to make distributions or other payments to its investors and creditors unless certain financial tests or other criteria are satisfied. The Company also must comply with certain specified financial ratios and tests. These restrictions could affect the Company's ability to operate its business and may limit its ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities, such as acquisitions. If the Company does not comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in its senior credit facilities, agreements governing its senior notes and agreements governing its other indebtedness, the Company could be in default under those agreements, and the debt, together with accrued interest, could then be declared immediately due and payable. Any default under the Company's senior credit facilities or agreements governing its senior notes or other indebtedness could lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt instruments that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. If the Company's indebtedness is accelerated, there can be no assurance that it would be able to repay or refinance its debt or obtain sufficient new financing. 

The Company has various maturity dates associated with its credit facilities, senior notes and other debt facilities. There is no assurance that cash, future borrowings or equity financing will be available for the payment or refinancing of its indebtedness. Further, there is no assurance that future refinancing or renegotiation of the Company's senior credit facilities, senior notes or other debt facilities, or additional agreements will not have materially different or more stringent terms. 

If the Company decides to seek additional capital through the issuance of additional shares of common stock, existing shareholders' ownership may be diluted.