In
addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should
consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors
in evaluating the Company.  This section contains forward-looking
statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the
qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are
described in Forward
Looking Statements at the beginning of Item 1.

Since
our business consists primarily of acquiring and operating real estate, we are
subject to the risks related to the ownership and operation of real estate that
can adversely impact our business and financial condition.

The value of our investments may be
reduced by general risks of real estate
ownership.    Since we derive substantially all of
our income from real estate operations, we are subject to the general risks of
acquiring and owning real estate-related assets, including:  

 •

 lack
 of demand for rental spaces or units in a locale;

 •

 changes
 in general economic or local conditions;

 •

 natural
 disasters, such as earthquakes and floods; which could exceed the
 aggregate limits of our insurance
 coverage; 

 •

 potential
 terrorist attacks;  

 •

 changes
 in supply of or demand for similar or competing facilities in an area;

 •

 the
 impact of environmental protection laws;

 •

 changes
 in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds which may
 render the sale of a nonstrategic property difficult or unattractive
 including the impact of the current turmoil in the credit markets;

 •

 increases
 in insurance premiums, property tax assessments and other operating and
 maintenance expenses;

 •

 transactional
 costs and liabilities, including transfer
taxes;

 •

 adverse
 changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws and regulations; and

 •

 tenant
 and employment-related claims.

In
addition, we self-insure certain of our property loss, liability, and workers
compensation risks for which other real estate companies may use third-party
insurers.  This results in a higher risk of losses that are not
covered by third-party insurance contracts, as described in Note 13 under
“Insurance and Loss Exposure” to our December 31, 2009 consolidated
financial statements.

There is significant competition
among self-storage facilities and from other storage
alternatives.    Most of our properties are
self-storage facilities, which generated most of our revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2009.  Local market conditions will play a significant
part in how competition will affect us. Competition in the market areas in which
many of our properties are located from other self-storage facilities and other
storage alternatives is significant and has affected the occupancy levels,
rental rates and operating expenses of most of our properties.  Any
increase in availability of funds for investment in real estate may accelerate
competition.  Further development of self-storage facilities may
intensify competition among operators of self-storage facilities in the market
areas in which we operate.

 12

We may incur significant
environmental costs and liabilities.    As an owner
and operator of real properties, under various federal, state and local
environmental laws, we are required to clean up spills or other releases of
hazardous or toxic substances on or from our properties.  Certain
environmental laws impose liability whether or not the owner knew of, or was
responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic
substances.  In some cases, liability may not be limited to the value
of the property.  The presence of these substances, or the failure to
properly remediate any resulting contamination, whether from environmental or
microbial issues, also may adversely affect the owner’s or operator’s ability to
sell, lease or operate its property or to borrow using its property as
collateral.

We have
conducted preliminary environmental assessments of most of our properties (and
intend to conduct these assessments in connection with property acquisitions) to
evaluate the environmental condition of, and potential environmental liabilities
associated with, our properties.  These assessments generally consist
of an investigation of environmental conditions at the property (not including
soil or groundwater sampling or analysis), as well as a review of available
information regarding the site and publicly available data regarding conditions
at other sites in the vicinity.  In connection with these property
assessments, our operations and recent property acquisitions, we have become
aware that prior operations or activities at some facilities or from nearby
locations have or may have resulted in contamination to the soil or groundwater
at these facilities.  In this regard, some of our facilities are or
may be the subject of federal or state environmental investigations or remedial
actions.  We have obtained, with respect to recent acquisitions, and
intend to obtain with respect to pending or future acquisitions, appropriate
purchase price adjustments or indemnifications that we believe are sufficient to
cover any related potential liability.  Although we cannot provide any
assurance, based on the preliminary environmental assessments, we believe we
have funds available to cover any liability from environmental contamination or
potential contamination and we are not aware of any environmental contamination
of our facilities material to our overall business, financial condition or
results of operations.

There has
been an increasing number of claims and litigation against owners and managers
of rental properties relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold
or other property damage.  When we receive a complaint concerning
moisture infiltration, condensation or mold problems and/or become aware that an
air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures in accordance with
guidelines and protocols we have developed with the assistance of outside
experts.  We seek to work proactively with our tenants to resolve
moisture infiltration and mold-related issues, subject to our contractual
limitations on liability for such claims.  However, we can give no
assurance that material legal claims relating to moisture infiltration and the
presence of, or exposure to, mold will not arise in the future.

Delays in development and fill-up of
our properties would reduce our
profitability.    From January 1, 2005, through
December 31, 2009, we opened 17 newly developed self-storage facilities in the
U.S. at a cost of approximately $142 million.  Shurgard Europe
has developed and opened 55 facilities since January 1, 2005 at a cost of
approximately $426 million, and has two development projects under construction
with total estimated costs of $24 million.  Delays in the rent-up
of newly developed storage space as a result of competition or other factors,
including the slowdown in the general economy which has negatively impacted
storage demand, would adversely impact our profitability.  If we or
Shurgard Europe were to commence significant development of facilities,
construction delays due to weather, unforeseen site conditions, personnel
problems, and other factors, as well as cost overruns, would adversely affect
our profitability.

Property taxes can increase and
cause a decline in yields on investments.    Each of
our properties is subject to real property taxes.  These real property
taxes may increase in the future as property tax rates change and as our