------------

 In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you
should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to
investors in evaluating the Company. This section contains forward-looking
statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the
qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are
described in FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS at the beginning of Item 1.
 --------------------------

SINCE OUR BUSINESS CONSISTS PRIMARILY OF ACQUIRING AND OPERATING REAL ESTATE, WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISKS RELATED TO THE OWNERSHIP AND OPERATION OF REAL ESTATE
THAT CAN ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

 The value of our investments may be reduced by general risks of real estate
ownership. Since we derive substantially all of our income from real estate
operations, we are subject to the general risks of acquiring and owning real
estate-related assets, including:

o lack of demand for rental spaces or units in a locale;

o changes in general economic or local conditions;

o natural disasters, such as earthquakes and floods;

o potential terrorist attacks;

o changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing facilities in an
 area;

 10

o the impact of environmental protection laws;

o changes in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds
 which may render the sale of a nonstrategic property difficult or
 unattractive including the impact of the current turmoil in the credit
 markets;

o increases in insurance premiums, property tax assessments and other
 operating and maintenance expenses;

o transactional costs and liabilities, including transfer taxes;

o adverse changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws and regulations; and

o tenant and employment-related claims.

 In addition, we self-insure certain of our property loss, liability, and
workers compensation risks for which other real estate companies may use
third-party insurers. This results in a higher risk of losses that are not
covered by third-party insurance contracts, as described in Note 13 under
"Insurance and Loss Exposure" to our consolidated financial statements at
December 31, 2008.

 There is significant competition among self-storage facilities and from
other storage alternatives. Most of our properties are self-storage facilities,
which generated most of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2008. Local
market conditions will play a significant part in how competition will affect
us. Competition in the market areas in which many of our properties are located
from other self-storage facilities and other storage alternatives is significant
and has affected the occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses of
some of our properties. Any increase in availability of funds for investment in
real estate may accelerate competition. Further development of self-storage
facilities may intensify competition among operators of self-storage facilities
in the market areas in which we operate.

 We may incur significant environmental costs and liabilities. As an owner
and operator of real properties, under various federal, state and local
environmental laws, we are required to clean up spills or other releases of
hazardous or toxic substances on or from our properties. Certain environmental
laws impose liability whether or not the owner knew of, or was responsible for,
the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. In some cases, liability may
not be limited to the value of the property. The presence of these substances,
or the failure to properly remediate any resulting contamination, whether from
environmental or microbial issues, also may adversely affect the owner's or
operator's ability to sell, lease or operate its property or to borrow using its
property as collateral.

 We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments of most of our