In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that
 we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the Company.  This section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in
 Item 1,

“
Business
.”

 We have significant exposure to real estate risk. 

 Since our business consists primarily of acquiring and operating real estate, we are subject to the risks related to the ownership and operation of real estate that 
could result in reduced revenues, increased expenses, increased capital expenditures, or increased borrowings, which could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and our stock price
:  

 Natural disasters or terrorist attacks could cause damage to our facilities, resulting in increased costs and reduced revenues.  
Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, 
fires, 
hurricanes and floods, or terrorist attacks could cause significant damage and require significant repair costs, and make facilities temporarily uninhabitable, reducing our revenues.  Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage.  In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be cov
ered by insurance.   See Note

13 to 
our December 31, 201
8
 financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts.  We 
may not have sufficient insurance coverage for losses caused by a terrorist attack, or such insurance may not be maintained, available or cost-effective.  In addition, significant natural disasters, terrorist attacks, threats of future terrorist attacks, or resulting wider armed conflicts could have negative impacts on storage demand
 and/or our revenues
.  

 Operating costs
, including property taxes,
 could increase
.  We could be subject to increases in insurance premiums, 
property
 or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases
, weather, 
increases to minimum wage rates, changes to 
governmental safety and real estate use limitations, 

12

as well as other governmental actions.

Our property tax expense, which totaled approximately $
2
5
6.
9

million during the year ended December 31, 201
8
, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate
 facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies, and accordingly could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies changed their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted.  

 The acquisition of existing properties is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results.

We have acquired self-storage facilities from third parties in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.

We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties from other real estate investors.  As a result, we may be unable to acquire additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable properties may be significantly increased.

Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating newly acquired properties into our operations or circumstances we did not detect during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition.  

 Development of self-storage facilities can subject us to risks.
  At December 31, 201
8
, we have a pipeline of development projects 
totaling $
607.4
 million (subject to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects.  There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, 
failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, 
weather issues
, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems.  Self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors.  

 There is significant 
competition among self-storage operators
 and from other storage alternatives
.  
Our
 self-storage facilities
 generate
 most of our revenue 
and earnings
.  Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and has affected our occupancy levels, rental rates and operating 
expenses.  Development of self-storage facilities has increased in recent years, which has intensified competition and will continue to do so as newly developed facilities are opened.  D
evelopment of self-storage facilities by other operators 
could continue
 to increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, 
and further
 intensify
 competition
.  

 We may incur significant liabilities from 
environmental contamination
 or moisture infiltration
.   Existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned
 or operated, even if we were not
 responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property.  We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified material liabilities.  These assessments, commonly referred to as “Phase 1 Environmental Assessments,” include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties.    

 We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our 
customers
’ property, as well as potential health concerns.  When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our 
customers
 to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims.  

 We are not aware of any 
environmental contamination
 or moisture infiltration related liabilities that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation.  However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could ar
ise or develop 
at our properties, any of
 which would result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities
.  

13

 Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth and access to capital.

 Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for rental space in each of the markets in which we operate.    

 Our ability to 
raise
 capital
 to fund our activities may be 
adversely affected by challenging market conditions.  
I
f we were unable 
to raise capital
 at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base 
c
ould be limited.  

 We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard Europe. 

 We own 
a 35.2%

equity 
interest in Shurgard Europe, with our investment having a 
$
3
49.5

million book value at December 31, 201
8
, and $
14.1
 million in equity in earnings in 201
8
.  As a result, we are exposed to additional risks related to international operations
 that may adversely impact our business and financial results, including the following:

 ·

 Currency risks:
  Currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in Shurgard Europe, 
as well as future repatriation of cash
.

 ·

 Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks:
  Shurgard Europe is
 subject to 
a variety of local, national, and pan European
 laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, value added and employment tax laws.  These laws can be difficult to apply or interpret and can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors.  Such changes, or Shurgard
 Europe
’s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, as well as potentially adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens.  

 ·

 Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard Europe: 
 Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede or increase 
our
 cost to 
repatriate 
distributions received 
from
 Shurgard Europe
 or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard Europe’s shares
.  

 ·

 Risks of collective bargaining and intellectual property:
  Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard Europe’s labor costs or operations.
  Many of Shurgard Europe’s employees participate in various national unions.

 ·

 Potential operating and individual country risks:
  Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates 
have posed, and could continue to
 pose
,
 challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard Europe’s 
operating cash flows
.

 ·

 Liquidity of our ownership stake:
  We have no plans to liquidate our interest in Shurgard Europe.  However, while Shurgard Europe is a publicly held entity, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard Europe, if we chose to, could be limited by 
the
 level of Shurgard
 Europe
’s public “float” relati
ve to our 
ownership stake
.  We are subject to 
a contractual “lock up” that prevents us from selling any shares until 
April 9, 
2019
, and our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell 
all of the 
shares
 we own
 if we desired to do so.  

 ·

 Impediments of Shurgard Europe’s 
public ownership 
structure:
  Shurgard Europe’s s
trategic
 decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, as well as selling or acquiring significant assets, 
are 
determined by its board of directors
.  As a result, Shurgard Europe may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive

but that we may not be able to pursue economically 
separately
.  

14

The Hughes Family could control us and take actions adverse to other shareholders. 

 At December 3
1
, 201
8
, B. Wayne Hughes, our former Chairman and his family, which includes his daughter, Tamara Hughes Gustavson and his son, B. Wayne Hughes
,
 Jr., who are both members of our Board of Trustees (collectively, the “Hughes Family”), owned 
approximately 14.
5
% of
 our aggre
gate outstanding common shares. 
 Our declaration of trust permits the Hughes Family to own up to 35.66% of our outstanding common shares while it generally restricts the ownership by other persons and entities to 3% of
 our outstanding common shares. 
 Consequently, the Hughes Family may significantly influence matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including electing trustees, amending our organizational documents, dissolving and approving other extraordinary transactions, such as a takeover attempt, resulting in an outcome that may not be favorable to other shareholders.

 Takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders.

 In certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change of control or acquisition of us, in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons.  However, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction:   

 ·

 Provisions of Maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with Public Storage.  Currently, the Board has opted not to subject the Company to these provisions of Maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval.    

 ·

 To protect against the loss of our REIT status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the Hughes Family or “designated investment entities” (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares
.  Our Board may grant a specific exemption
.  These limits could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of 
the Company
 not approved by our 
Board
.  

 ·

 Similarly, current provisions of our declaration of t
rust and powers of our Board 
could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares or equity shares on terms approved by the Board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws and (5) the Board’s ability under Maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control.

 If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would have to pay substantial income taxes.

 REITs are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements.  A qualifying REIT does not generally incur federal income tax on its net income that is distributed to its shareholders.  Our REIT status is also dependent upon the ongoing REIT qualification of PSB as a result of our substantial ownership interest in 
it
. We believe 
we
 have 
qualified 
as a REIT and we intend to continue to maintain our REIT status. 

 There can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a REIT, because of the highly technical nature of the REIT rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our articles of incorporation that do not necessarily ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a REIT. For any year we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to corporate tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect REIT status until the fifth year after such a disqualification. Any taxes, interest, and penalties incurred would reduce 

15

our cash available for distributions to shareholders and could negatively affect our stock price. However, for years in which we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would not be subject to REIT rules which require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders.

 Holders of our preferred shares have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of shares of our common stock.

 Holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common stock.  Upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares will receive a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (or $25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders.  These preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions or upon liquidation.  In addition, our preferred shareholders have the right to elect two additional directors to our Board whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive.

 Preferred Shareholders are subject to certain risks

 Holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their pri
ncipal upon liquidation of the C
ompany or redemption of their securities.  
However, holders of our Preferred Shares should consider the
 following risks: 

 ·

 The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt.  Preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders. 

 ·

 The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders. 

 ·

 While the Company has no plans to do so, if the Company were to lose its REIT status or no longer elect REIT status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain REIT status.  I
f, i
n such a circumstance, 
the Company ceased paying dividends, 
unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would continue to accumulate
.  The
 preferred shareholders would have the ability to elect two additional members to serve on our Board of Trustees until the arrearage was cured.  
The
 preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation 
(such as interest) 
for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely.   

 Changes in tax laws could negatively impact us.

 The United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance.  We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted.  Any legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us or our shareholders.  

 ﻿

 Changes made by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), signed into law on December 22, 2017, will limit our ability to deduct compensation in excess of $1 million paid to certain senior executives.  This could require us to increase distributions to our shareholders in order to avoid paying tax and to maintain our REIT status.

16

 We may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders.

 Even if we qualify as
 a 
REIT for federal income
 tax 
purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state and local
 taxes on our 
income and property.  Since January 1, 2001, certain 
consolidated 
corporate subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as “taxable REIT subsidiaries” for federal income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions.  If tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our taxable REIT subsidiaries to us are 
not reasonable compared to
 similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments.  To the extent the Company is required to pay federal, foreign, state or local taxes or federal penalty taxes
 due to existing laws or changes thereto
, we will have less cash available fo
r distribution to shareholders.  

 In addition, certain local and s
tate governments have imposed 
tax
es
 on self-storage rent
.  W
hile in most cases 
those taxes are
 paid by our customers, 
they increase
 the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues.  Other local and
 state governments may impose 
self-storage rent tax
es
 in the future.

 We have exposure to increased property tax in California.

 Approximately 
$56
5

million of our 2018 net operating income is from our properties in California, and we incurred approximately $
4
1
 million in related property tax expense.  Due to the impact of Proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 
2
% per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the