The following are important factors we have identified that could affect our future results. You should consider them carefully when evaluating forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and otherwise
made by us or on our behalf because these factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

I. Operational Considerations 

Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which may make it difficult to assess the strength of our business. 

Our quarterly operating results have historically fluctuated and are likely to continue to
fluctuate depending on a number of factors including the following: 

•

a high percentage of our revenue has historically been generated in the third month of each fiscal quarter and any failure to complete or process orders at the end of any quarter
could cause us to fall short of our revenue targets; 

•

our operating expenses are based on expected revenues and any failure to achieve our revenue targets could cause us to fall short of our earnings targets as well;

•

our mix of license and service revenues can vary from quarter to quarter, creating variability in our operating margins; 

•

declines in license sales may adversely affect the size of our installed base and our level of service revenue; 

•

the outsourcing of our software distribution operations to third-party vendors may lessen our ability to undertake corrective measures or alternative operations in the event
shipping systems or processes are interrupted or are hampered due to conditions beyond our or our vendor’s control at the end of any particular quarter; 

•

a significant portion of our revenue is in foreign currency and major shifts in foreign currency exchange rates could impact our reported revenue; and 

•

we may incur expenses in connection with our defense or settlement of legal actions we are defending that would increase our operating expenses for the quarter in which those
expenses are incurred. 

8 

Table of Contents

In addition, the levels of quarterly or annual software or service revenue in general, or for particular geographic
areas, may not be comparable to those achieved in previous periods. 

We
may be adversely affected by a decline in demand for PLM solutions. 

We currently derive our license and service revenues predominantly from our integrated PLM software products and services and we expect this to continue into the future. As a result, factors affecting the demand for PLM software solutions
or pricing pressures on this single category could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on sales within the discrete manufacturing market. 

A large amount of our revenues are related to sales to customers in the discrete manufacturing sector. A decline in general economic or business conditions or a decline
in spending in this sector could cause customers to reduce or defer spending on information technology improvements, which would cause our revenue and earnings to decrease or to grow more slowly. 

Because a substantial portion of our sales are to existing customers and sales to new
customers often rely on customer references, our business could be adversely affected if those customers were to become dissatisfied with our products and/or services. 

Many of our sales are follow-on sales to existing customers who invest in our product development system. If a significant number of
customers were to become dissatisfied with our products or services or otherwise elected to adopt either competing solutions or a competitive product development system, we could lose those follow-on sales, which would adversely affect our revenues.
In addition, we could lose an important source of references, which could adversely impact our ability to obtain new customers. Finally, a decrease in the size of our installed base could adversely affect both our license revenues and our service
revenues. 

Our cost structure is relatively fixed in the short term,
which makes it difficult to reduce our expenses quickly in response to declines in revenue or revenue growth. 

We made expenditures to support our revenue growth in 2006 and anticipate making incremental expenditures to support future planned growth. Our expenses associated with
headcount and facilities can be difficult to reduce quickly due to the nature of those items. If revenue does not grow at the rate we expect or if it declines, our expenses may constitute a larger percentage of our operating budget than we planned,
which would adversely affect our profitability. 

We use third parties, in
addition to our direct sales force, for the distribution and implementation of our software solutions, which makes it more difficult to manage customer relationships. 

We have entered into relationships with groups of geographically dispersed resellers and other strategic partners to promote, sell and/or
implement our products, which can reduce our control over the sales process and the delivery of services to our customers. Our ability to distribute and implement our software solutions through third parties will depend on: 

•

our ability to enter into agreements with appropriate third parties that can deliver our products and/or services in appropriate markets; 

•

the third party’s ability to learn, promote and implement our products; 

•

our ability to efficiently manage our sales channels by effectively coordinating and managing joint activities (including sales, marketing, implementation, support and customer
service); and 

•

our ability to optimize our sales and services coverage and productivity through, among other means, effective use and management of our internal resources in combination with our
resellers and other strategic partners, including, when appropriate, making measured increases to our internal resources and investing in our reseller channel and other strategic partners. 

Our financial condition could be adversely affected if significant errors or defects
are found in our software. 

Sophisticated software often contains
errors, defects or other performance problems when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. If errors or defects are discovered in our current or future products, we may not be able to correct them 

9 

Table of Contents

in a timely manner, or provide an adequate response to our customers. We may therefore need to expend significant financial, technical and management
resources, or divert some of our development resources, in order to resolve or work around those defects. 

Errors, defects or other performance problems in our products may also result in the loss of, or delay in, the market acceptance of our products or postponement of product releases or customer deployments. Such
difficulties could also cause us to lose customers. Technical problems or the loss of customers could also damage our business reputation and cause us to lose new business opportunities. 

We may be unable to successfully acquire and integrate strategic businesses and any additional businesses we acquire may not achieve
the revenue and earnings we anticipated. 

The success of our long-term
strategic plan depends in part on our ability to acquire strategic businesses and/or technologies. If we are unable to identify and complete such acquisitions, we may not achieve our revenue or earnings targets. If the businesses and/or technologies
we acquire do not generate the revenue and earnings we expect or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired technology into our products, we may not achieve our revenue or earnings targets. 

Business combinations involve a number of factors that
affect operations and operating results, including: 

•

diversion of management’s attention; 

•

potential loss of key personnel; 

•

entry into unfamiliar markets, which creates new product, sales, services and support requirements; 

•

possible assumption of unanticipated legal or financial liabilities; 

•

possibly incurring debt to finance an acquisition; 

•

unanticipated operating difficulties in connection with the acquired entities, including potential declines in revenue of the acquired entity; 

•

possible impairment of acquired intangible assets, including goodwill; and 

•

dilution to our earnings per share if we were to issue stock as consideration for the transaction. 

As a result, we may fail to successfully integrate and manage businesses and technologies that we may acquire without incurring substantial
expenses, delays or other problems that could negatively impact our results of operations. If our short-term liquidity declines or we are forced to divert attention from other initiatives due to resource constraints in connection with
acquisition-related activity, our ability to implement other strategic initiatives or make investments in our operational infrastructure could be impaired. 

We are dependent on key personnel whose loss could impair our product development or our sales efforts. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain
highly skilled technical, managerial and sales personnel. 

Our product
development efforts are directly affected by the abilities of our technical personnel. Competition for such highly skilled technical personnel in our industry is intense. This and the competition for such personnel is even greater in offshore
regions where we have shifted certain research and development resources and where concerted efforts to solicit employees are not uncommon. If we are unable to attract and retain technical personnel with the requisite skills, our product development
efforts could be delayed, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our sales efforts rely on having a sufficient number of sales representatives with the skills and knowledge necessary to sell our products, including an ability to educate our customers about our products in order to create and meet demand
for our products. If we are unable to attract or retain sales personnel with the requisite expertise, our sales and revenue could be adversely affected. 

10 

Table of Contents

We must continually modify and enhance our products to keep pace with changing technology and address our
customers’ needs and any failure to do so could reduce demand for our products. 

We must continually modify and enhance our products to keep pace with changes in computer software, hardware and database technology and emerging Internet standards, and to meet evolving customer requirements. Our
ability to remain competitive will depend on our ability to: 

•

enhance our current offerings and develop new products and services that keep pace with technological developments through: 

•

internal research and development and quality assurance programs, 

•

acquisition of technology, and 

•

strategic partnerships; 

•

anticipate and meet evolving customer requirements, especially ease-of-use and interoperability; 

•

adequately utilize our development resources; and 

•

license appropriate technology from third parties for inclusion in our products. 

Also, as is common in the computer software industry, we may from time to time experience delays in our product development efforts. Any
such delays could cause us to incorrectly predict the fiscal quarter in which we will realize revenue from the licensing and shipment of the new or enhanced products and give our competitors a greater opportunity to market competing products.

We depend on sales from outside the United States that could be
adversely affected by changes in international markets. 

A significant
portion of our business comes from outside the United States. Accordingly, our performance could be adversely affected by economic downturns in Europe or the Asia-Pacific region. Another consequence of significant international business is that a
large percentage of our revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies that fluctuate in value. Although we may from time to time enter into foreign exchange forward contracts and/or foreign exchange option contracts to offset a portion
of the foreign exchange fluctuations, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have a material impact on our results, which are reported in U.S. dollars. Other risks associated with international business include: 

•

regulatory practices and tariffs; 

•

staffing and managing international operations, including the difficulties in providing cost-effective, incentive based compensation to attract skilled workers;

•

longer collection cycles in certain areas; 

•

potential changes in tax and other laws; and 

•

greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property rights. 

At times we provide extended payment terms to our customers, which may be a factor in our customers’ purchasing decisions and could adversely
affect our revenues if we ceased making these terms available. 

We
have provided extended payment terms to certain customers in connection with transactions we have completed with them. Providing extended payment terms may positively influence our customers’ purchasing decisions but may negatively impact our
cash flows in the short-term. If, in the future, we reduce the amount of extended payment terms we provide to customers, customers might reduce or defer the amount they spend on our products and services from the amount they might otherwise have
spent if extended payment terms were available to them. If this were to occur, our revenue or revenue growth could be lower than in prior periods or than we expect. 

We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights. 

Our software products and our trademarks, including our company names, product names and logos, are proprietary. We protect our intellectual
property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents and common law safeguards, including 

11 

Table of Contents

trade secret protection, as well as restrictions on disclosures and transferability contained in our agreements with other parties. Despite these measures,
the laws of all relevant jurisdictions may not afford adequate protection to our products and other intellectual property. In addition, we frequently encounter attempts by individuals and companies to pirate our software solutions. If our measures
to protect our intellectual property rights fail, others may be able to use those rights, which could reduce our competitiveness and harm our business. 

Intellectual property infringement claims could be asserted against us, which could be expensive to defend and could result in limitations on our use of the claimed
intellectual property. 

The software industry is characterized by
frequent litigation regarding copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights. While we have not, to date, had any significant claims of this type asserted against us, such claims could be asserted against us in the future. If a lawsuit of
this type is filed, it could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. We cannot be sure that we would prevail against any such asserted claims. If we did not prevail, we could be prevented
from using that intellectual property or required to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which might not be available on terms acceptable to us. In addition to possible claims with respect to our proprietary information, some of our products
contain technology developed by and licensed from third parties and we may likewise be susceptible to infringement claims with respect to these third-party technologies. 

II. Product Related Considerations 

Competition is increasing, which may reduce our profits and limit or reduce our market share. 

The market for our PLM software solutions is highly fragmented, rapidly changing and increasingly competitive. We expect competition to
intensify, which could result in price reductions for our products and services, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. Our primary competition comes from: 

•

larger, more well-known enterprise software providers who may seek to extend the functionality of their products to encompass PLM or who may develop and/or purchase PLM technology;
and 

•

other vendors of engineering information management software. 

In addition, analysts expect future consolidation within the software industry, which could give rise to new competitors. To compete effectively in this evolving
industry, we must: 

•

successfully develop solutions that are technologically superior to those of our competitors; 

•

effectively demonstrate the value proposition offered by our solutions, including return on investment and value creation; and 

•

overcome the perception, based on our historical roots, that we are solely a mechanical computer-aided design (MCAD) company. 

Increasing competition in the computer-aided design marketplace may reduce our
revenues. 

A large portion of our revenues are currently derived from
our computer-aided design solutions and there are an increasing number of competitive design products, some of which emphasize lower price points and ease of use compared to the more robust functionality of our solutions. This increased competition
makes attracting new customers more difficult. In addition, some competitive products have reached a level of functionality whereby product differentiation is less likely, in and of itself, to dislodge incumbent design systems, given the training,
data conversion and other startup costs associated with system replacement. Although Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire, which focuses on PLM interoperability and ease of use, is designed to address these competitive pressures, increased competition and further
market acceptance of competitive products could have a negative effect on pricing and revenue for our products, which could have a material adverse affect on our results. 

In addition, even though our design software is capable of performing on a variety of platforms as compared to several of our competitors
whose products focus on single platform applications (particularly Windows-based platforms), we may be unable to create a competitive advantage by offering multiple platform applications. 

12 

Table of Contents

Growth in the computer-aided design
solutions industry has slowed. 

Growth in certain segments of the
computer-aided design solutions industry has slowed and, coupled with decreased functional differentiation among flexible engineering tools, may adversely affect our ability to penetrate the market for new customers and capture market share.
Over the long term, we believe our emphasis on PLM solutions will allow us to differentiate our CAD/CAM/CAE solutions from the competition and to increase sales of our enterprise solutions. However, the strategy may not be successful or may
take longer than we expect. Our operating results could be materially adversely affected if these assumptions are incorrect. 

Our assumptions about the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) market opportunity may be wrong. 

We have identified PLM as a market opportunity for us and have devoted significant resources toward capitalizing on that opportunity. We
offer a suite of PLM solutions and related services targeted at this market based on our enterprise solutions, together with our desktop solutions. This suite includes software and services that use Internet technologies to enable our
customers’ employees, suppliers and customers to collaboratively develop, build, distribute and manage products throughout their entire lifecycle. Because the market for software products that enable companies to collaborate on product
information on an enterprise-wide level is emerging, we cannot be sure of the size of this market, whether it will grow, whether companies will elect to use our products or acquire PLM solutions from other sources, or forego PLM initiatives
altogether. 

In addition, companies that have already invested substantial
resources in other methods of sharing product information in the design-through-manufacture process may be reluctant to adopt a new approach that may replace, limit or compete with their existing systems or methods. We expect that we will continue
to need to educate prospective customers about the uses and benefits of our products. Demand for and market acceptance of our products will be affected by the success of those efforts. 

If we are unable to successfully differentiate our products from those of our competitors, we may be unable to preserve or increase
our market share. 

We rely on the integral nature of our offerings as
a competitive differentiator. Some of our competitors have recently announced or taken steps to make their products integrated. If our competitors succeed in their efforts, or convince customers that they will be successful in their efforts, our
ability to use the integral nature of our offerings as a competitive difference will be diminished, which could adversely affect our ability to retain or increase our market share. 

Our solutions must meet customer expectations to be successful. 

The success of our PLM strategy will depend in large part on the ability of our solutions to meet customer expectations, especially with
respect to: 

•

return on investment and value creation; 

•

ease and rapidity of installation; 

•

integration of our customers’ and their partners’ existing computer systems and software programs; 

•

ease of use; 

•

full capability, functionality and performance; 

•

ability to support a large, diverse and geographically dispersed user base, including the ability to support global product development programs; and 

•

quality and efficiency of the services performed by us and our partners relating to implementation and configuration. 

Our opportunity in the small- and medium-size business market when manufacturers migrate from
two-dimensional design tools to entry-level three-dimensional design tools depends in large part on our ability to educate consumers on the benefits and ease of use of our products. Likewise with larger strategic customers, we must differentiate our
products’ capabilities from those of our competitors, including larger companies with established enterprise-wide relationships with these customers. 

If our solutions fail to meet customer expectations, customers may stop their adoption of our solutions, resulting in a loss of potential additional sales, and we may be
unable to attract new customers for our solutions. 

13 

Table of Contents

III. Other Considerations 

We have a revolving credit facility and may borrow funds under that facility to support our operations, including strategic
acquisitions. 

If we were to borrow funds, we would incur periodic
payment obligations including interest. In addition, we are required to comply with the required financial and operating covenants, which could limit our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might operate it. Our failure to comply with
any of these covenants or to meet our payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would result in all amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and
payable. We may not have sufficient working capital or liquidity to satisfy our repayment obligations in the event of an acceleration of those obligations. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the financial and operating covenants at the
time we wish to borrow funds, we will be unable to borrow funds or to borrow additional funds. 

Our operating results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our revenues and operating results difficult to predict. 

While our sales cycle varies substantially from customer to customer, a high percentage of
our revenue is generated in the third month of each fiscal quarter, and this revenue tends to be concentrated in the later part of that month. In addition, our operating expenses are based on expected future revenue and are largely fixed for the
short term. As a result, a revenue shortfall in any quarter could cause our earnings for that quarter to fall below expectations as well. Accordingly, our quarterly results are difficult to predict prior to the end of the quarter and we may be
unable to confirm or adjust expectations with respect to our operating results for a particular quarter until that quarter has closed. Any failure to meet our quarterly revenue or earnings targets could adversely impact the market price of our
stock. 

Our stock price has been highly volatile, which may make it
harder to resell your shares at a time and at a price that is favorable to you. 

Market prices for securities of software companies are generally volatile. In particular, the market price of these stocks has been and may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of ours, may not be predictable. Negative changes in the public’s perception of the prospects of software companies, or of
PTC or the PLM market generally, could depress our stock price regardless of our results. 

Also, traditionally, a large percentage of our common stock has been held by institutional investors. Purchases and sales of our common stock by these institutional investors could have a significant impact on the
market price of the stock. For more information about those investors, please see our proxy statement with respect to our most recent annual meeting of stockholders and Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the SEC with respect to our common stock.