.

 General economic conditions affect demand for our products and
 impact our production and selling costs. Listed below are some
 of the factors that may impact our results and cause our
 performance to differ materially from the results we may
 project. These are in addition to general economic factors and
 other items discussed elsewhere in this report (for example, in
 the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations).

 Product
 Changes and Innovation

 We operate in a very competitive environment. Historically,
 product innovation and development have been key to our
 obtaining and maintaining market share and margins. Our future
 sales and profitability are partially impacted by our ability to
 anticipate and react more effectively than our competitors to
 changes in consumer demand for the types of products we sell.
 This requires understanding customer desires, creating products
 that meet those desires, and producing and selling products in a
 cost effective manner.

 4

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in Customers

 We must address the demands of both the consumers who ultimately
 purchase and use our products and the retailers and others who
 sell our products to end-users. This is necessary for both of
 our segments, but it is particularly important in our Consumer
 Products segment. Our sales and margins can be impacted by
 changes in our distribution channels, customer mix, and
 merchandising strategies. Examples include customer
 concentration, consolidation, and substitution of unbranded
 products for branded products.

 Although we have a diverse customer base, we have several large
 customers. These large customers provide us with cost saving
 opportunities that may not be available with smaller, more
 diverse accounts. However, large customers can take actions that
 put pressure on our margins. Moreover, a significant downturn in
 the financial condition of one or more large customers could
 have an adverse effect on our business results.

 Increases
 in Production Costs

 Most of our products are made from plastic. Plastic resin prices
 are impacted by the price of oil, natural gas, and chemical
 intermediaries, such as benzene and ethylene, which can be
 volatile and affected by many factors, including overall
 economic activity, geopolitical situations (particularly in oil
 exporting regions), natural disasters, and governmental policies
 and regulation.

 Our margins can be negatively impacted by the difference in
 timing of raw material cost increases and corresponding product
 selling price increases. Similarly, changes in labor, utility,
 or transportation costs can affect our margins.

 Laws
 Relating to Use or Manufacture of Plastic Products

 Changes in laws or governmental actions regarding the use of
 disposable plastic products, such as laws relating to recycling
 or reuse of plastic products, could increase the cost of our
 products. Such additional costs could make our products less
 competitive with products made from other materials. Similarly,
 changes in laws regarding air emissions, including so-called cap
 and trade legislation, could increase our manufacturing costs.

 Growth/Acquisitions
 and Divestitures

 Growth, internally and through acquisitions, is an important
 element of our business strategy. We currently have adequate
 sources of liquidity for our operations. However, our ability to
 grow could be impacted if our cost of capital were to increase
 or if capital were to become more difficult to obtain. Our
 future success will depend somewhat on our ability to integrate
 new businesses that we may acquire, dispose of businesses or
 business segments that we may wish to divest, and redeploy
 proceeds from possible divestitures.

 International
 Issues

 Currently most of our production and sales are in the United
 States. Competition from products manufactured in countries that
 have lower labor and other costs than the United States could
 negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, if we were to
 manufacture or sell more of our products in countries outside of
 the United States, we would be exposed to additional economic,
 political, competitive, and foreign currency exchange risks.

 Pension
 Plans

 At the time of our spin-off from Tenneco in 1999, we became the
 sponsor of Tenneco (now Pactiv) pension plans. These plans cover
 most of our employees as well as individuals/beneficiaries from
 many companies previously owned by Tenneco, but not owned by
 Pactiv. As a result, while persons who are not current employees
 do not accrue benefits under the plans, the total number of
 individuals/beneficiaries covered by these plans is much larger
 than would have been the case if only Pactiv personnel were
 participants. For this reason, the impact of the pension plans
 on our net income, shareholders’ equity and cash from
 operations is

 5

Table of Contents

 greater than is typically found at similarly sized companies.
 Changes in the following factors can have a disproportionate
 effect on our results compared with similarly sized companies:

 • 

 Assumptions regarding the long-term rate of return on pension
 assets and other factors

 • 

 Interest rate used to discount projected benefit obligations

 • 

 Level of amortization of actuarial gains and losses

 • 

 Governmental regulations relating to funding of retirement plans
 in the U.S. and foreign countries

 • 

 Financial market performance