General economic conditions affect demand for our products and impact our
production and selling costs. Listed below are some of the factors that may
impact our results and cause our performance to differ materially from the
results we may project. These are in addition to general economic factors and
other items discussed elsewhere in this report (for example, in the Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations).

 4

PRODUCT CHANGES AND INNOVATION

We operate in a very competitive environment. Historically, product innovation
and development have been key to our obtaining and maintaining market share and
margins. Our future sales and profitability are partially impacted by our
ability to anticipate and react more effectively than our competitors to changes
in consumer demand for the types of products we sell. This requires
understanding customer desires, creating products that meet those desires, and
producing and selling products in a cost effective manner.

CHANGES IN CUSTOMERS

We must address the demands of both the consumers who ultimately purchase and
use our products, and the retailers and others who sell our products to the
end-users. This is necessary for both of our segments, but it is particularly
important in our Consumer Products segment. Our sales and margins can be
impacted by changes in our distribution channels, customer mix, and
merchandising strategies. Examples include customer concentration,
consolidation, and substitution of unbranded products for branded products.

Although we have a diverse customer base, we have several large customers. These
larger customers provide us with cost saving opportunities that may not be
available with smaller, more diverse accounts. However, large customers can take
actions that put pressure on our margins. Moreover, a significant downturn in
the financial condition of one or more large customers could have an adverse
effect on our business results.

INCREASES IN PRODUCTION COSTS.

Most of our products are made from plastic. Plastic-resin prices are impacted by
the price of oil and natural gas, which can be volatile and affected by many
factors, including overall economic activity, geopolitical situations
(particularly in oil-exporting regions), natural disasters, and governmental
policies and regulation. As an example, in late 2005, an industry-wide supply
disruption of resin supplies occurred due to the Gulf Coast hurricanes.

Our margins can be negatively impacted by the difference in timing of raw
material cost increases and corresponding product selling price increases.
Similarly, changes in costs of labor, utilities, or transportation can affect
our margins.

LAWS RELATING TO USE OR MANUFACTURE OF PLASTIC PRODUCTS

Changes in laws or governmental actions regarding the use of disposable plastic
products, such as laws relating to recycling or re-use of plastic products,
could add costs to our products. These additional costs could make our products
less competitive with products made from other materials. Similarly, changes in
laws regarding air emissions could increase our manufacturing costs.

GROWTH/ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

Growth, internally or through acquisitions, is an important element of our
business strategy. We currently have adequate sources of liquidity for our
operations. However, our ability to grow could be impacted if our cost of
capital increases or if capital becomes more difficult to obtain. Our success
will depend somewhat on our ability to integrate new businesses that we may
acquire; dispose of businesses or business segments that we may wish to divest;
and re-deploy proceeds from any divestiture.

INTERNATIONAL ISSUES

Currently most of our production and sales are in the United States. Competition
from products manufactured in countries that have lower labor and other costs
than the U.S. could negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, if we
manufacture or sell more of our products in countries outside of the U.S.,

 5

we will be subject to additional risks, such as those related to economic,
political, competitive, and foreign currency considerations in those other
countries.

PENSION PLAN

At the time of our spin-off from Tenneco in 1999, we became the sponsor of the
Tenneco (now Pactiv) pension plans. These plans cover individuals/beneficiaries
from many companies previously owned by Tenneco, but not owned by Pactiv. As a
result, the total number of individuals/beneficiaries covered by these plans is
much larger than would have been the case if only Pactiv personnel were
participants. For this reason, the impact of the pension plans on our net income
and shareholders' equity is greater than is typically found at similarly sized
companies. Changes in the following factors can have a disproportionate effect
on our results compared with similarly sized companies, or companies with no
pension plan:

 - Assumptions regarding the long-term rate of return on pension assets and
 other factors
 - Interest rate used to discount projected benefit obligations
 - Level of amortization of actuarial gains and losses
 - Governmental regulations relating to funding of retirement plans in the
 U.S. and foreign countries

Under U.S. pension plan funding regulations in effect at December 31, 2005, and
based on long-term projections, we do not expect to be required to contribute
cash to our U.S. qualified pension plan through at least 2014. Currently both
houses of the U.S. Congress have drafted legislation that could change U.S.
funding regulations. We have reviewed the proposed legislation and do not
believe it will significantly impact us. However, future funding of our plan
will depend on the actual changes, if any, in current regulations that are
enacted.