Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties,
 including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties
 described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are
 not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and
 uncertainties not known to us or not described below also may
 impair our business operations. If any of the following risks
 actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be negatively affected and we may not be able
 to achieve our goals or expectations. This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 also includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations,
 projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are
 intended as “forward-looking statements” under the
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be
 read in conjunction with the section entitled

“Uncertainty of Forward-Looking Statements and
 Information” included in Item 7.

“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations.”

 Our
 operating results may vary significantly from quarter to
 quarter.

 Our business can be highly cyclical and subject to seasonal and
 other variations that can result in significant differences in
 operating results from quarter to quarter. For example, we
 typically experience lower gross and operating margins during
 winter months due to lower demand for our services and more
 difficult operating conditions. Additionally, our quarterly
 results may be materially and adversely affected by:

 • 

 variations in the margins of projects performed during any
 particular quarter;

 • 

 unfavorable regional, national or global economic and market
 conditions;

 • 

 a reduction in the demand for our services;

 • 

 the budgetary spending patterns of customers;

 • 

 increases in construction and design costs;

 • 

 the timing and volume of work we perform;

 • 

 the effects of adverse or favorable weather conditions;

 • 

 permitting, regulatory or customer-caused delays;

 • 

 the magnitude of work performed under change orders and the
 timing of their recognition;

 11

 • 

 the termination or expiration of existing agreements;

 • 

 pricing pressures resulting from competition;

 • 

 losses experienced in our operations not otherwise covered by
 insurance;

 • 

 a change in the mix of our customers, contracts and business;

 • 

 payment risk associated with the financial condition of our
 customers;

 • 

 changes in bonding and lien requirements applicable to existing
 and new agreements;

 • 

 implementation of various information systems, which could
 temporarily disrupt
 day-to-day
 operations;

 • 

 the recognition of tax benefits related to uncertain tax
 positions;

 • 

 decreases in interest rates we receive on our cash and cash
 equivalents;

 • 

 changes in accounting pronouncements that require us to account
 for items differently than historical pronouncements have;

 • 

 costs we incur to support growth internally or through
 acquisitions or otherwise;

 • 

 the timing and integration of acquisitions and the magnitude of
 the related acquisition and integration costs; and

 • 

 the timing and significance of potential impairments of
 long-lived assets, goodwill or other intangible assets.

 Accordingly, our operating results in any particular quarter may
 not be indicative of the results that you can expect for any
 other quarter or for the entire year.

 Negative
 economic and market conditions may adversely impact our
 customers’ future spending as well as payment for our
 services and, as a result, our operations and
 growth.

 The economy is still recovering from the recent recession, and
 economic growth remains slow. The financial markets also have
 not fully recovered. It is uncertain when these conditions will
 significantly improve. Stagnant or declining economic conditions
 have adversely impacted the demand for our services and resulted
 in the delay, reduction or cancellation of certain projects and
 may continue to adversely affect us in the future. Additionally,
 many of our customers finance their projects through the
 incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. The availability
 of credit remains constrained, and many of our customers’
 equity values have not fully recovered from the negative impact
 of the recession. A reduction in cash flow or the lack of
 availability of debt or equity financing may continue to result
 in a reduction in our customers’ spending for our services
 and may also impact the ability of our customers to pay amounts
 owed to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 operations and our ability to grow at historical levels.

 Economic
 conditions and regulatory requirements affecting any of the
 industries we serve may lead to less demand for our
 services.

 Because the vast majority of our revenue is derived from a few
 industries, a downturn in economic conditions in any of those
 industries would adversely affect our results of operations.
 Specifically, unfavorable economic conditions in any industry we
 serve could result in the delay, reduction or cancellation of
 projects by our customers as well as cause our customers to
 outsource less work. Customers in the industries we serve may
 also face increased regulatory requirements as they implement
 plans for their projects, which could result in the delay,
 reduction or cancellation of these projects. These economic and
 regulatory factors may result in decreased demand for our
 services and potentially impact our operations and our ability
 to grow at historical levels. A number of other factors,
 including financing conditions and potential bankruptcies in the
 industries we serve or a prolonged economic downturn or
 recession, could adversely affect our customers and their
 ability or willingness to fund capital expenditures in the
 future or pay for past services. For example, our
 Telecommunications Infrastructure Services segment has been
 negatively impacted since mid-2008 by the slowdown in fiber
 deployment initiatives from customers such as AT&T and
 Verizon, and we expect this slowdown will likely continue. We
 continue to see

 12

 reduced spending in electric and natural gas distribution work
 under our Electric Power Infrastructure Services and Natural Gas
 and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segments due to capital
 expenditure reductions by our customers. Customers also delayed
 certain projects involving services under our Electric Power and
 Telecommunications Infrastructure Services segments due to
 regulatory requirements, such as permitting or environmental
 approvals. Another area of business under our Natural Gas and
 Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment, gas gathering and
 pipeline installation and maintenance, declined during 2009 and
 2010, which we believe is due to lower natural gas prices and
 capital constraints on spending by our customers. Consolidation,
 competition, capital constraints or negative economic conditions
 in the electric power, natural gas, oil and telecommunications
 industries may also result in reduced spending by, or the loss
 of, one or more of our customers.

 Project
 performance issues, including those caused by third parties, or
 certain contractual obligations may result in additional costs
 to us, reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated
 damages.

 Many projects involve challenging engineering, procurement and
 construction phases that may occur over extended time periods,
 sometimes over several years. We may encounter difficulties as a
 result of delays in designs, engineering information or
 materials provided by the customer or a third party, delays or
 difficulties in equipment and material delivery, schedule
 changes, delays from our customer’s failure to timely
 obtain permits or
 rights-of-way
 or meet other regulatory requirements, weather-related delays
 and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, that
 impact our ability to complete the project in accordance with
 the original delivery schedule. In addition, we occasionally
 contract with third-party subcontractors to assist us with the
 completion of contracts. Any delay or failure by suppliers or by
 subcontractors in the completion of their portion of the project
 may result in delays in the overall progress of the project or
 may cause us to incur additional costs, or both. We also may
 encounter project delays due to local opposition, which may
 include injunctive actions as well as public protests, to the
 siting of electric power, natural gas or oil transmission lines,
 solar or wind projects, or other facilities. Delays and
 additional costs may be substantial and, in some cases, we may
 be required to compensate the customer for such delays. We may
 not be able to recover all of such costs. In certain
 circumstances, we guarantee project completion by a scheduled
 acceptance date or achievement of certain acceptance and
 performance testing levels. Failure to meet any of our schedules
 or performance requirements could also result in additional
 costs or penalties, including liquidated damages, and such
 amounts could exceed expected project profit. In extreme cases,
 the above-mentioned factors could cause project cancellations,
 and we may not be able to replace such projects with similar
 projects or at all. Such delays or cancellations may impact our
 reputation or relationships with customers, adversely affecting
 our ability to secure new contracts.

 Our customers may change or delay various elements of the
 project after its commencement or the project schedule or the
 design, engineering information, equipment or materials that are
 to be provided by the customer or other parties may be deficient
 or delivered later than required by the project schedule,
 resulting in additional direct or indirect costs. Under these
 circumstances, we generally negotiate with the customer with
 respect to the amount of additional time required and the
 compensation to be paid to us. We are subject to the risk that
 we may be unable to obtain, through negotiation, arbitration,
 litigation or otherwise, adequate amounts to compensate us for
 the additional work or expenses incurred by us due to
 customer-requested change orders or failure by the customer to
 timely deliver items, such as engineering drawings or materials,
 required to be provided by the customer. Litigation or
 arbitration of claims for compensation may be lengthy and
 costly, and it is often difficult to predict when and for how
 much the claims will be resolved. A failure to obtain adequate
 compensation for these matters could require us to record a
 reduction to amounts of revenue and gross profit recognized in
 prior periods under the
 percentage-of-completion
 accounting method. Any such adjustments could be substantial. We
 may also be required to invest significant working capital to
 fund cost overruns while the resolution of claims is pending,
 which could adversely affect liquidity and financial results in
 any given period.

 Under our contracts with our customers, we typically provide a
 warranty for the services we provide, guaranteeing the work
 performed against defects in workmanship and material. The
 majority of our contracts have a warranty period of
 12 months. As much of the work we perform is inspected by
 our customers for any defects in construction prior to
 acceptance of the project, the warranty claims that we have
 historically received have been minimal. Additionally, materials
 used in construction are often provided by the customer or are
 warranted against

 13

 defects from the supplier. However, certain projects, such as
 utility-scale solar facilities, may have longer warranty periods
 and include facility performance warranties that may be broader
 than the warranties we generally provide. In these
 circumstances, if warranty claims occurred, it could require us
 to re-perform the services or to repair or replace the warranted
 item, at a cost to us, and could also result in other damages if
 we are not able to adequately satisfy our warranty obligations.
 In addition, we may be required under contractual arrangements
 with our customers to warrant any defects or failures in
 materials we provide that we purchase from third parties. While
 we generally require the materials suppliers to provide us
 warranties that are consistent with those we provide to the
 customers, if any of these suppliers default on their warranty
 obligations to us, we may incur costs to repair or replace the
 defective materials for which we are not reimbursed. Costs
 incurred as a result of warranty claims could adversely affect
 our operating results and financial condition.

 Our
 use of fixed price contracts could adversely affect our business
 and results of operations.

 We currently generate a portion of our revenues under fixed
 price contracts. We also expect to generate a greater portion of
 our revenues under this type of contract in the future as larger
 projects, such as electric power and pipeline transmission
 build-outs and utility-scale solar facilities, become a more
 significant aspect of our business. We must estimate the costs
 of completing a particular project to bid for fixed price
 contracts. The actual cost of labor and materials, however, may
 vary from the costs we originally estimated, and we may bear the
 risk of certain unforeseen circumstances not included in our
 cost estimates for which we cannot obtain adequate compensation.
 These variations, along with other risks inherent in performing
 fixed price contracts, may cause actual revenue and gross
 profits for a project to differ from those we originally
 estimated and could result in reduced profitability or losses on
 projects. Depending upon the size of a particular project,
 variations from the estimated contract costs could have a
 significant impact on our operating results for any fiscal
 period.

 Our
 use of
 percentage-of-completion
 accounting could result in a reduction or elimination of
 previously reported profits.

 As discussed in Item 7. “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Critical Accounting Policies”
 and in the notes to our consolidated financial statements
 included in Item 8. “
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data”, a significant portion of our
 revenues are recognized using the

percentage-of-completion
 method of accounting, utilizing the

cost-to-cost
 method. This method is used because management considers
 expended costs to be the best available measure of progress on
 these contracts. This accounting method is generally accepted
 for fixed price contracts. The

percentage-of-completion
 accounting practice we use results in our recognizing contract
 revenues and earnings ratably over the contract term in
 proportion to our incurrence of contract costs. The earnings or
 losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates
 of contract revenues, costs and profitability. Contract losses
 are recognized in full when determined to be probable and
 reasonably estimatable, and contract profit estimates are
 adjusted based on ongoing reviews of contract profitability.
 Further, a substantial portion of our contracts contain various
 cost and performance incentives. Penalties are recorded when
 known or finalized, which generally occurs during the latter
 stages of the contract. In addition, we record cost recovery
 claims when we believe recovery is probable and the amounts can
 be reasonably estimated. Actual collection of claims could
 differ from estimated amounts and could result in a reduction or
 elimination of previously recognized earnings. In certain
 circumstances, it is possible that such adjustments could be
 significant.

 Our
 operating results can be negatively affected by weather
 conditions.

 We perform substantially all of our services in the outdoors. As
 a result, adverse weather conditions, such as rainfall or snow,
 may affect our productivity in performing our services or may
 temporarily prevent us from performing services. The effect of
 weather delays on projects that are under fixed price
 arrangements may be greater if we are unable to adjust the
 project schedule for such delays. A reduction in our
 productivity in any given period or our inability to meet
 guaranteed schedules may adversely affect the profitability of
 our projects, and as a result, our results of operations.

 14

 We may
 be unsuccessful at generating internal growth.

 Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by,
 among other factors, our ability to:

 • 

 expand the range of services we offer to customers to address
 their evolving network needs;

 • 

 attract new customers;

 • 

 increase the number of projects performed for existing customers;

 • 

 hire and retain qualified employees;

 • 

 expand geographically, including internationally; and

 • 

 address the challenges presented by difficult economic or market
 conditions that may affect us or our customers.

 In addition, our customers may cancel or delay or reduce the
 number or size of projects available to us due to their
 inability to obtain capital or pay for services provided, the
 risk of which increases during unfavorable economic conditions,
 such as those experienced in the past two years. Many of the
 factors affecting our ability to generate internal growth may be
 beyond our control, and we cannot be certain that our strategies
 for achieving internal growth will be successful.

 Our
 business is highly competitive.

 The specialty contracting business is served by numerous small,
 owner-operated private companies, some public companies and
 several large regional companies. In addition, relatively few
 barriers prevent entry into some areas of our business. As a
 result, any organization that has adequate financial resources
 and access to technical expertise may become one of our
 competitors. Competition in the industry depends on a number of
 factors, including price. For example, we are currently
 experiencing the impacts of competitive pricing in certain of
 the markets we serve, such as the electric power market with
 respect to smaller scale transmission projects and distribution
 services. Certain of our competitors may have lower overhead
 cost structures and, therefore, may be able to provide their
 services at lower rates than we are able to provide. In
 addition, some of our competitors have significant resources,
 including financial, technical and marketing resources. We
 cannot be certain that our competitors do not have or will not
 develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide
 services that are superior in both price and quality to our
 services. Similarly, we cannot be certain that we will be able
 to maintain or enhance our competitive position within the
 specialty contracting business or maintain our customer base at
 current levels. We also may face competition from the in-house
 service organizations of our existing or prospective customers.
 Electric power, natural gas, oil and telecommunications service
 providers usually employ personnel who perform some of the same
 types of services we do, and we cannot be certain that our
 existing or prospective customers will continue to outsource
 services in the future.

 Legislative
 actions and initiatives relating to renewable energy,
 telecommunications and electric power may fail to result in
 increased demand for our services.

 Demand for our services may not result from renewable energy
 initiatives. While many states currently have mandates in place
 that require specified percentages of power to be generated from
 renewable sources, states could reduce those mandates or make
 them optional, which could reduce, delay or eliminate renewable
 energy development in the affected states. Additionally,
 renewable energy is generally more expensive to produce and may
 require additional power generation sources as backup. The
 locations of renewable energy projects are often remote and are
 not viable unless new or expanded transmission infrastructure to
 transport the power to demand centers is economically feasible.
 Furthermore, funding for renewable energy initiatives may not be
 available, which has been further constrained as a result of
 tight credit markets. These factors have resulted in fewer
 renewable energy projects than anticipated and a delay in the
 construction of these projects and the related infrastructure,
 which has adversely affected the demand for our services. These
 factors could continue to result in delays or reductions in
 projects, which could further negatively impact our business.

 The ARRA provides for various stimulus programs, such as grants,
 loan guarantees and tax incentives, relating to renewable
 energy, energy efficiency and electric power and
 telecommunications infrastructure. While a

 15

 significant amount of stimulus funds have been awarded, we
 cannot predict the timing and scope of any investments to be
 made under stimulus funding or whether stimulus funding will
 result in increased demand for our services. Investments for
 renewable energy, electric power infrastructure and
 telecommunications fiber deployment under ARRA programs may not
 occur, may be less than anticipated or may be delayed, any of
 which would negatively impact demand for our services.

 Other current and potential legislative or regulatory
 initiatives may not result in increased demand for our services.
 Examples include legislation or regulations to require utilities
 to meet reliability standards, to ease siting and right-of-way
 issues for the construction of transmission lines, and to
 encourage installation of new electric power transmission and
 renewable energy generation facilities. It is not certain
 whether existing legislation will create sufficient incentives
 for new projects, when or if proposed legislative initiatives
 will be enacted or whether any potentially beneficial provisions
 will be included in the final legislation.

 There are also a number of legislative and regulatory proposals
 to address greenhouse gas emissions, which are in various phases
 of discussion or implementation. The outcome of federal and
 state actions to address global climate change could negatively
 affect the operations of our customers through costs of
 compliance or restraints on projects, which could reduce their
 demand for our services.

 We are
 self-insured against potential liabilities.

 Although we maintain insurance policies with respect to
 employer’s liability, general liability, auto and
 workers’ compensation claims, those policies are subject to
 deductibles ranging from $1.0 million to $5.0 million
 per occurrence depending on the insurance policy. We are
 primarily self-insured for all claims that do not exceed the
 amount of the applicable deductible. We also have employee
 health care benefit plans for most employees not subject to
 collective bargaining agreements, of which the primary plan is
 subject to a deductible of $350,000 per claimant per year. Our
 insurance policies include various coverage requirements,
 including the requirement to give appropriate notice. If we fail
 to comply with these requirements, our coverage could be denied.

 Losses under all of these insurance programs are accrued based
 upon our estimates of the ultimate liability for claims reported
 and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported, with
 assistance from third-party actuaries. These insurance
 liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to unknown
 factors, including the severity of an injury, the extent of
 damage, the determination of our liability in proportion to
 other parties and the number of incidents not reported. The
 accruals are based upon known facts and historical trends, and
 management believes such accruals are adequate. If we were to
 experience insurance claims or costs significantly above our
 estimates, our results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected in a given period.

 During
 the ordinary course of our business, we may become subject to
 lawsuits or indemnity claims, which could materially and
 adversely affect our business and results of
 operations.

 We have in the past been, and may in the future be, named as a
 defendant in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings during
 the ordinary course of our business. These actions may seek,
 among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury,
 workers’ compensation, employment discrimination, breach of
 contract, property damage, environmental liabilities, punitive
 damages, and civil penalties or other losses or injunctive or
 declaratory relief. In addition, we generally indemnify our
 customers for claims related to the services we provide and
 actions we take under our contracts with them, and, in some
 instances, we may be allocated risk through our contract terms
 for actions by our customers or other third parties. Because our
 services in certain instances may be integral to the operation
 and performance of our customers’ infrastructure, we have
 been and may become subject to lawsuits or claims for any
 failure of the systems that we work on, even if our services are
 not the cause of such failures, and we could be subject to civil
 and criminal liabilities to the extent that our services
 contributed to any property damage, personal injury or system
 failure. The outcome of any of these lawsuits, claims or legal
 proceedings could result in significant costs and diversion of
 management’s attention to the business. Payments of
 significant amounts, even if reserved, could adversely affect
 our reputation, liquidity and results of operations. For details
 on our existing litigation and claims, refer to Note 14 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.
 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

 16

 Unavailability
 or cancellation of third party insurance coverage would increase
 our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt our
 operations.

 We maintain insurance coverage from third party insurers as part
 of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our
 contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage
 limits. There can be no assurance that any of our existing
 insurance coverage will be renewed upon the expiration of the
 coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at
 the required limits. In addition, our third party insurers could
 fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise be unable to
 provide us with adequate insurance coverage. If any of these
 events occur, our overall risk exposure would increase and our
 operations could be disrupted. For example, we have significant
 operations in California, which has an environment conducive to
 wildfires. Should our insurer determine to exclude coverage for
 wildfires in the future, we could be exposed to significant
 liabilities and potentially a disruption of our California
 operations. If our risk exposure increases as a result of
 adverse changes in our insurance coverage, we could be subject
 to increased claims and liabilities that could negatively affect
 our results of operations and financial condition.

 Many
 of our contracts may be canceled on short notice or may not be
 renewed upon completion or expiration, and we may be
 unsuccessful in replacing our contracts in such events, which
 may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 We could experience a decrease in our revenue, net income and
 liquidity if any of the following occur:

 • 

 our customers cancel a significant number of contracts or
 contracts having significant value;

 • 

 we fail to renew a significant number of our existing contracts;

 • 

 we complete a significant number of non-recurring projects and
 cannot replace them with similar projects; or

 • 

 we fail to reduce operating and overhead expenses consistent
 with any decrease in our revenue.

 Many of our customers may cancel our contracts on short notice,
 typically 30 to 90 days, even if we are not in default
 under the contract. Certain of our customers assign work to us
 on a
 project-by-project
 basis under master service agreements. Under these agreements,
 our customers often have no obligation to assign a specific
 amount of work to us. Our operations could decline significantly
 if the anticipated volume of work is not assigned to us, which
 will be more likely if customer spending continues to decrease,
 for example, due to the slow recovery of the economy and the
 financial markets. Many of our contracts, including our master
 service agreements, are opened to public bid at the expiration
 of their terms. There can be no assurance that we will be the
 successful bidder on our existing contracts that come up for
 re-bid.

 The
 loss of one or a few customers could have an adverse effect on
 us.

 A few clients have in the past and may in the future account for
 a significant portion of our revenue in any one year or over a
 period of several consecutive years. Although we have
 long-standing relationships with many of our significant
 clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce or discontinue
 their contracts with us at any time. Our loss of business from a
 significant client could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, and results of operations.

 Our
 profitability and financial condition may be adversely affected
 by risks associated with the natural gas and oil industry, such
 as price fluctuations and supply and demand for natural
 gas.

 Certain of our services, in particular those under our Natural
 Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment, are exposed to
 risks associated with the natural gas and oil industry. These
 risks, which are not subject to our control, include the
 volatility of natural gas and oil prices, the lack of demand for
 power generation from natural gas and a slowdown in the
 discovery or development of natural gas
 and/or oil
 reserves. Specifically, lower natural gas and oil prices
 generally result in decreased spending by our customers in our
 Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment. While
 higher natural gas and oil prices generally result in increased
 infrastructure spending by these customers, sustained high
 energy prices could be an impediment to economic growth and
 could result in reduced infrastructure spending by such
 customers. Additionally, higher prices will likely reduce demand
 for power

 17

 generation from natural gas, which could result in decreased
 demand for the expansion of North America’s natural gas
 pipeline infrastructure, and consequently result in less capital
 spending by these customers and less demand for our services.

 Further, if the discovery or development of natural gas
 and/or oil
 reserves slowed or stopped, customers would likely reduce
 capital spending on transmission pipelines, gas gathering and
 compressor systems and other related infrastructure, resulting
 in less demand for our services. If the profitability of our
 business under Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services
 segment were to decline, our overall profitability, results of
 operations and cash flows could also be adversely affected.

 Our
 business is labor intensive, and we may be unable to attract and
 retain qualified employees.

 Our ability to maintain our productivity and profitability will
 be limited by our ability to employ, train and retain skilled
 personnel necessary to meet our requirements. We cannot be
 certain that we will be able to maintain an adequate skilled
 labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our
 growth strategy. For instance, we may experience shortages of
 qualified journeyman linemen, who are integral to the provision
 of transmission and distribution services under our Electric
 Power Infrastructure Services segment. In addition, in our
 Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment, there
 is limited availability of experienced supervisors and foremen
 that can oversee large transmission pipeline projects. A
 shortage in the supply of these skilled personnel creates
 competitive hiring markets and may result in increased labor
 expenses. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair
 our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues.

 Backlog
 may not be realized or may not result in profits.

 Backlog is difficult to determine with certainty. Customers
 often have no obligation under our contracts to assign or
 release work to us, and many contracts may be terminated on
 short notice. Reductions in backlog due to cancellation of one
 or more contracts by a customer or for other reasons could
 significantly reduce the revenue and profit we actually receive
 from contracts included in backlog. In the event of a project
 cancellation, we may be reimbursed for certain costs but would
 not have a contractual right to the total revenues reflected in
 our backlog. The backlog we obtain in connection with any
 companies we acquire may not be as large as we believed or may
 not result in the revenue or profits we expected. In addition,
 projects that are delayed may remain in backlog for extended
 periods of time. All of these uncertainties are heightened as a
 result of negative economic conditions and their impact on our
 customers’ spending, as well as the effects of regulatory
 requirements and weather conditions. Consequently, we cannot
 assure that our estimates of backlog are accurate or that we
 will be able to realize our estimated backlog.

 Our
 financial results are based upon estimates and assumptions that
 may differ from actual results.

 In preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States, several estimates and assumptions are used by management
 in determining the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
 revenues and expenses recognized during the periods presented
 and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to
 exist as of the date of the financial statements. These
 estimates and assumptions must be made because certain
 information that is used in the preparation of our financial
 statements is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated
 with a high degree of precision from data available or is not
 capable of being readily calculated based on generally accepted
 methodologies. In some cases, these estimates are particularly
 difficult to determine and we must exercise significant
 judgment. Estimates are primarily used in our assessment of the
 allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of inventory, useful
 lives of assets, fair value assumptions in analyzing goodwill,
 other intangibles and long-lived asset impairments, valuation of
 derivative contracts, purchase price allocations, liabilities
 for self-insured claims, revenue recognition for construction
 contracts and fiber optic licensing, share-based compensation,
 operating results of reportable segments, provision for income
 taxes and the calculation of uncertain tax positions. Actual
 results for all estimates could differ materially from the
 estimates and assumptions that we use, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 18

 Our
 inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may
 have an adverse impact on our growth strategy.

 Our business strategy includes expanding our presence in the
 industries we serve through strategic acquisitions of companies
 that complement or enhance our business. The number of
 acquisition targets that meet our criteria may be limited, and
 we may also face competition for acquisition opportunities. Some
 of our competitors may offer more favorable terms than us or
 have greater financial resources than we do. This competition
 may further limit our acquisition opportunities and our ability
 to grow through acquisitions or could raise the prices of
 acquisitions and make them less accretive or possibly not
 accretive to us. Acquisitions that we may pursue may also
 involve significant cash expenditures, the incurrence or
 assumption of debt or burdensome regulatory requirements. Any
 acquisition may ultimately have a negative impact on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows. Any of these factors could inhibit our ability to
 consummate future acquisitions, which could negatively affect
 our growth strategies.

 We may
 be unsuccessful at integrating businesses that either we have
 acquired or that we may acquire in the future, which may reduce
 the anticipated benefit from acquired businesses.

 As a part of our business strategy, we have acquired, and may
 seek to acquire in the future, companies that complement or
 enhance our business. The success of this strategy will depend
 on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the
 acquired businesses, such as the expansion of our existing
 operations, elimination of redundant costs and capitalizing on
 cross-selling opportunities. To realize these benefits, however,
 we must successfully integrate the operations of the acquired
 businesses with our existing operations. We cannot be sure that
 we will be able to successfully integrate acquired companies
 with our existing operations without substantial costs, delays,
 disruptions or other operational or financial problems.
 Additionally, if we do not implement proper overall business
 controls, our decentralized operating strategy could result in
 inconsistent operating and financial practices at the companies
 we acquire. Issues related to the integration process may result
 in adverse impact to our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
 Integrating our acquired companies involves a number of special
 risks that could have a negative impact on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations, including:

 • 

 failure of acquired companies to achieve the results we expect;

 • 

 diversion of our management’s attention from operational
 and other matters;

 • 

 difficulties integrating the operations and personnel of
 acquired companies;

 • 

 inability to retain key personnel of acquired companies;

 • 

 risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities;

 • 

 loss of business due to customer overlap or change from local or
 private ownership;

 • 

 risks arising from the prior operations of acquired companies,
 such as performance, operational, safety or workforce issues, or
 customer dissatisfaction; and

 • 

 potential disruptions of our business.

 Our
 results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of
 goodwill impairments.

 When we acquire a business, we record an asset called
 “goodwill” equal to the excess amount we pay for the
 business, including liabilities assumed, over the fair value of
 the tangible and intangible assets of the business we acquire.
 Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful
 lives cannot be amortized, but instead must be tested at least
 annually for impairment, while intangible assets that have
 finite useful lives are amortized over their useful lives. The
 accounting literature provides specific guidance for testing
 goodwill and other
 non-amortized
 intangible assets for impairment. Refer to Item 7.

“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Critical
 Accounting Polices” for a detailed discussion.
 Management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions
 when allocating goodwill to reporting units and determining the
 fair value of a reporting unit’s net assets and
 liabilities, including, among other things, an assessment of
 market conditions, projected cash flows, investment rates, cost
 of capital and growth rates, which could significantly impact
 the

 19

 reported value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Fair
 value is determined using a combination of the discounted cash
 flow, market multiple and market capitalization valuation
 approaches. Absent any impairment indicators, we perform our
 impairment tests annually during the fourth quarter. If there is
 a decrease in market capitalization below book value in the
 future, this may be considered an impairment indicator. Any
 future impairments, including impairments of the goodwill or
 intangible assets recorded in connection with the acquisitions
 of Valard and Price Gregory, and other past or future
 acquisitions, would negatively impact our results of operations
 for the period in which the impairment is recognized.

 Our
 profitability and financial operations may be negatively
 affected by changes in, or interpretations of, existing state or
 federal telecommunications regulations or new regulations that
 could adversely affect our Fiber Optic Licensing
 segment.

 Many of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment customers benefit from
 the Universal Service
 “E-rate”
 program, which was established by Congress in the 1996
 Telecommunications Act and is administered by the Universal
 Service Administrative Company (USAC) under the oversight of the
 Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Under the

E-rate
 program, schools, libraries and certain healthcare facilities
 may receive subsidies for certain approved telecommunications
 services, internet access and internal connections. From time to
 time, bills have been introduced in Congress that would
 eliminate or curtail the

E-rate
 program. Passage of such actions by the FCC or USAC to further
 limit 
E-rate
 subsidies could decrease the demand by certain customers for the
 services offered by our Fiber Optic Licensing segment.

 The telecommunications services we provide through our Fiber
 Optic Licensing segment are subject to regulation by the FCC, to
 the extent that they are interstate telecommunications services,
 and by state regulatory agencies, when wholly within a
 particular state. To remain eligible to provide services under
 the E-rate
 program, we must maintain telecommunications authorizations in
 every state where we operate, and we must obtain such
 authorizations in any new state where we plan to operate.
 Changes in federal or state regulations could reduce the
 profitability of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment, and delays
 in obtaining new authorizations could inhibit our ability to
 grow our Fiber Optic Licensing segment in new geographic areas.
 We could be subject to fines if the FCC or a state regulatory
 agency were to determine that any of our activities or positions
 are not in compliance with certain regulations. If the
 profitability of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment were to
 decline, or if the business of this segment were to become
 subject to fines, our overall results of operations and cash
 flows could also be adversely affected.

 The
 business of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment is capital
 intensive and requires substantial investments, and returns on
 investments may be less than expected for various
 reasons.

 The business of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment requires
 substantial amounts of capital investment to build out new fiber
 networks. In 2011, our proposed capital expenditures for our
 fiber optic licensing business is approximately $30 million
 to $35 million, $15.1 million of which is related to
 committed licensing arrangements as of December 31, 2010.
 Although we generally do not commit capital to new networks
 until we have a committed license arrangement in place with at
 least one customer, we may not be able to recoup our initial
 investment in the network if that customer defaults on its
 commitment. Even if the customer does not default or we add
 additional customers to the network, we still may not realize a
 return on the capital investment for an extended period of time.
 Furthermore, the amount of capital that we invest in our fiber
 optic network may exceed planned expenditures as a result of
 various factors, including difficulty in obtaining permits or
 rights of way or unexpected increases in costs due to labor,
 materials or project productivity, which would result in a
 decrease in the returns on our capital investments if licensing
 fees for the network were committed and could not be
 renegotiated. New or developing technologies or significant
 competition in any of our markets could also negatively impact
 the business of our Fiber Optic Licensing segment. If any of the
 above events occur, it could adversely affect our results of
 operations or result in an impairment of our fiber optic network.

 We
 extend credit to customers for purchases of our services and may
 enter into longer-term deferred payment arrangements or provide
 other financing or investment arrangements with certain of our
 customers, which 

 20

 subjects us to potential credit or investment risk that
 could, if realized, adversely affect our results of operations
 or financial condition.

 We grant credit, generally without collateral, to our customers,
 which include electric power utilities, oil and gas companies,
 telecommunications service providers, governmental entities,
 general contractors, and builders, owners and managers of
 renewal energy facilities and commercial and industrial