Due to the size and geographic reach
of the company’s operations, a wide range of factors, many of which are outside of the company’s control, could materially affect the company’s future operations and financial performance. Management believes the following risks may
significantly impact the company: 

External factors 

Significant external factors include: 

•

 General economic conditions; 

•

 Cost and availability of raw materials and energy; 

•

 International events and circumstances; 

•

 Global financial markets conditions; 

•

 Competitor actions; 

•

 Governmental regulations; and 

•

 Catastrophic events. 

Weakening economic
conditions in markets in which the company does business may adversely impact the company’s financial results and/or cash flows. 

Praxair serves approximately 25 diverse industries across more than 30 countries, which generally leads to financial stability through various business cycles, however, demand for Praxair’s products could be adversely affected by a
broad decline in general economic or business conditions in the industries served by its customers. In addition, many of the company’s customers are in businesses that are cyclical in nature, such as the chemicals, metals and refining
industries. Downturns in these industries may adversely impact the company during these cycles. 

6 

Table of Contents

Recent turmoil in the financial markets has adversely affected global economic activity. A sustained
decline in economic activity could adversely affect demand for the company’s products and impair the ability of our customers to satisfy their obligations to the company, resulting in additional uncollected receivables and/or unanticipated
contract terminations or project delays. Additionally, such conditions could impact the utilization of the company’s manufacturing capacity which may require the company to recognize impairment losses on tangible assets such as property, plant
and equipment as well as intangible assets such as intellectual property or goodwill. 

Increases in the cost of energy and raw materials and/or
disruption in the supply of these materials could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. 

Energy is the single largest cost item
in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Praxair’s energy requirements are in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution. Praxair attempts to minimize the financial impact of variability in
these costs through the management of customer contracts, which typically have escalation and pass-through clauses for the company’s larger contracts. Such attempts may not successfully mitigate the impact of cost variability which could
negatively impact its financial condition or results of operations. The supply of energy has not been a significant issue in the geographic areas where it conducts business. However, regional energy conditions are unpredictable and may pose future
risk. 

For carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, helium, hydrogen, specialty gases and surface technologies, raw materials are largely purchased
from outside sources. Praxair has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions. A disruption in supply of such raw
materials could impact the company’s ability to meet contractual supply commitments. 

The company’s international operations are subject to
the risks of doing business abroad and international events and circumstances may adversely impact its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Praxair has substantial international operations which are subject to risks including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic instability and
disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds, the imposition of duties and tariffs, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest, possible nationalization and/or expropriation of assets, and current and changing
regulatory environments. These events could have an adverse effect on the international operations in the future by reducing the demand for its products, decreasing the prices at which it can sell its products, reducing the U.S. dollar value of
revenue from international operations or otherwise having an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Macroeconomic factors, including the recent turmoil in the U.S. and global credit and equity markets, may impact the company’s ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of obtaining financing which may adversely impact the
company’s financial results and/or cash flows. 

Volatility and disruption in the U.S. and global credit and equity markets could
make it more difficult for Praxair to obtain financing for its operations and/or could increase the cost of obtaining financing. In addition, the company’s borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by
independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on the company’s performance as measured by certain criteria such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. A decrease in these debt ratings could increase the cost of borrowing
or make it more difficult to obtain financing. 

7 

Table of Contents

The current United States credit environment has not had, and at this time is not expected to have, a
significant adverse impact on the company’s liquidity. The company continues to have access to the commercial paper markets, and expects to continue to generate strong operating cash flows. While the impact of continued volatility in the global
credit markets cannot be predicted with certainty, the company believes that it has sufficient operating flexibility, cash reserves, and funding sources to maintain adequate amounts of liquidity to meet its business needs around the world.

The inability to effectively compete could adversely impact results of operations. 

Praxair operates within a highly competitive environment worldwide. Competition is based on price, product quality, delivery, reliability, technology and
service to customers. Competitors’ behavior related to these areas could potentially have significant impacts on the company’s operations. 

The company is subject to a variety of United States and foreign government regulations. Changes in these regulations could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations. 

The company is subject to regulations in the following areas, among others: 

•

 Environmental protection, including laws regulating greenhouse gas emissions and other potential climate-change legislation (see the section captioned
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Matters” in Item 7 of this 10-K); 

•

 Domestic and international tax laws and currency controls; 

•

 Transportation; 

•

 Safety; 

•

 Securities laws (e.g., SEC and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States); 

•

 Patents; 

•

 Trade restrictions; 

•

 Antitrust matters; and 

•

 Home healthcare reimbursement regulations. 

Changes in these or other regulatory areas may impact the company’s profitability, may require the company to spend additional resources to comply with the regulations, or may restrict the company’s ability to compete effectively
in the marketplace. 

Catastrophic events 
could disrupt the operations of the company and/or its customers and suppliers and may have a
significant adverse impact on the results of operations. 

The occurrence of catastrophic events ranging from natural disasters such as
hurricanes, to epidemics such as health epidemics, to acts of war and terrorism, could disrupt or delay the company’s ability to produce and distribute its products to customers and could potentially expose the company to third-party liability
claims. In addition, such events could impact the company’s customers and suppliers resulting in temporary or long-term outages and/or the limitation of supply of energy and other raw materials used in normal business operations. These
situations are outside the company’s control and may have a significant adverse impact on the results of operations. 

Internal Factors

Significant internal factors include: 

•

 Retaining qualified personnel; 

•

 Technological advances; 

8 

Table of Contents

•

 Litigation and governmental investigations; 

•

 Environmental laws and regulations; 

•

 Tax liabilities; 

•

 Operational risks; and 

•

 Acquisitions. 

The inability to attract and
retain qualified personnel may adversely impact the company’s business. 

If Praxair fails to attract, hire and retain qualified
personnel, the company may not be able to develop, market or sell its products or successfully manage its business. Praxair is dependent upon its highly skilled, experienced and efficient workforce to be successful. Much of Praxair’s
competitive advantage is based on the expertise and experience of its key personnel regarding its marketing, technology, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure, systems and products. The inability to attract and hire qualified individuals or
the loss of key employees in very skilled areas could have a negative effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If the company fails to keep pace with technological advances in the industry or if new technology initiatives do not become commercially accepted, customers may not continue to buy the company’s products and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

Praxair’s research and development is directed toward developing new and improved methods for the
production and distribution of industrial gases and the development of new markets and applications for the use of these gases. This results in the frequent introduction of new industrial gas applications and the development of new advanced air
separation process technologies. The company also conducts research and development for its surface technologies to improve the quality and durability of coatings and the use of specialty powders for new applications and industries. The results of
these research and development activities help Praxair to create a competitive advantage and provide a platform for the company to grow its business at greater percentages than the rate of industrial production growth in the geographies where it
operates. If Praxair’s research and development activities did not keep pace with competitors or if it did not create new applications that benefit customers, then the company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected.

The outcomes of litigation and governmental investigations may affect the company’s financial results. 

Praxair is subject to various lawsuits and governmental investigations arising out of the normal course of business that may result in adverse outcomes.
These actions are based upon alleged environmental, tax, antitrust and personal injury claims, among others. Adverse outcomes in some or all of the claims pending may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely
affect its ability to conduct business. While management currently believes that resolving all of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the company’s financial position or liquidity, the
litigation and other claims Praxair faces are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. There exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the company’s results of
operations for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

The costs of complying with
environmental laws and regulations may adversely impact the company’s financial position and results of operations. 

Praxair
is subject to various environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air or water, the storage, handling and disposal of chemicals, hazardous substances and
wastes, and the remediation of contamination. Violations of these laws could result in substantial penalties, third party claims for property damage or personal injury, or sanctions. The company may also be subject to liability for the investigation
and remediation of environmental contamination at 

9 

Table of Contents