Due to the
size and geographic reach of the company’s operations, a wide range of factors, many of which are outside of the company’s control, could materially affect the company’s future operations and financial performance. Management believes
the following risks may significantly impact the company: 

External factors 

Significant external factors include: 

•

 General economic conditions; 

•

 Cost and availability of raw materials and energy; 

•

 International events and circumstances; 

•

 Global financial markets conditions; 

•

 Competitor actions; 

•

 Governmental regulations; and 

•

 Catastrophic events. 

General Economic Conditions – Weakening economic conditions in markets in which the company does business may adversely impact the company’s financial results and/or cash flows. 

Praxair serves approximately 25 diverse industries across more than 30 countries, which generally leads to financial stability through
various business cycles, however, demand for Praxair’s products could be adversely affected by a broad decline in general economic or business conditions in the industries served by its customers. In addition, many of the company’s
customers are in businesses that are cyclical in nature, such as the chemicals, metals and refining industries. Downturns in these industries may adversely impact the company during these cycles. 

6 

Table of Contents

Recent turmoil in the financial markets has adversely affected global economic activity. A
sustained decline in economic activity could adversely affect demand for the company’s products and impair the ability of our customers to satisfy their obligations to the company, resulting in additional uncollected receivables and/or
unanticipated contract terminations or project delays. Additionally, such conditions could impact the utilization of the company’s manufacturing capacity which may require the company to recognize impairment losses on tangible assets such as
property, plant and equipment as well as intangible assets such as intellectual property or goodwill. 

Cost and Availability of Raw
Materials and Energy – Increases in the cost of energy and raw materials and/or disruption in the supply of these materials could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. 

Energy is the single largest cost item in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Praxair’s energy requirements are
in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution. Praxair attempts to minimize the financial impact of variability in these costs through the management of customer contracts, which typically have escalation and pass-through
clauses for the company’s larger contracts. Such attempts may not successfully mitigate cost variability which could negatively impact its financial condition or results of operations. The supply of energy has not been a significant issue in
the geographic areas where it conducts business. However, regional energy conditions are unpredictable and may pose future risk. 

For carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, helium, hydrogen, specialty gases and surface technologies, raw materials are largely purchased from outside sources. Praxair has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of
these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions. A disruption in supply of such raw materials could impact the company’s ability to meet contractual supply commitments. 

International Events and Circumstances – The company’s international operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad and
international events and circumstances may adversely impact its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Praxair has substantial international operations which are subject to risks including devaluations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the
transfer of funds, the imposition of duties and tariffs, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest, possible nationalization and/or expropriation of assets, domestic and international tax laws and compliance with
governmental regulations. These events could have an adverse effect on the international operations in the future by reducing the demand for its products, decreasing the prices at which it can sell its products, reducing the U.S. dollar value of
revenue from international operations or otherwise having an adverse effect on its business. 

Global Financial Markets Conditions –
Macroeconomic factors, including the recent turmoil in the U.S. and global credit and equity markets, may impact the company’s ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of obtaining financing which may adversely impact the company’s
financial results and/or cash flows. 

Volatility and disruption in the U.S. and global credit and equity markets, from time
to time, could make it more difficult for Praxair to obtain financing for its operations and/or could increase the cost of obtaining financing. In addition, the company’s borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings
assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on the company’s performance as measured by certain criteria such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. A decrease in these debt ratings could increase the cost
of borrowing or make it more difficult to obtain financing. While the impact of continued volatility in the global credit markets cannot be predicted with certainty, the company believes that it has sufficient operating flexibility, cash reserves,
and funding sources to maintain adequate amounts of liquidity to meet its business needs around the world. 

7 

Table of Contents

Competitor Actions – The inability to effectively compete could adversely impact results of
operations. 

Praxair operates within a highly competitive environment worldwide. Competition is based on price, product
quality, delivery, reliability, technology and service to customers. Competitors’ behavior related to these areas could potentially have significant impacts on the company’s financial results. 

Governmental Regulations – The company is subject to a variety of United States and foreign government regulations. Changes in these regulations
could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations. 

The company is subject to
regulations in the following areas, among others: 

•

 Environmental protection, including laws regulating greenhouse gas emissions and other potential climate change legislation (see the section captioned
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Matters” in Item 7 of this 10-K); 

•

 Domestic and international tax laws and currency controls; 

•

 Safety; 

•

 Securities laws (e.g., SEC and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States); 

•

 Trade and import/ export restrictions; 

•

 Antitrust matters; 

•

 Global anti-bribery laws; and 

•

 Home healthcare reimbursement regulations. 

Changes in these or other regulatory areas may impact the company’s profitability, may require the company to spend additional resources to comply with the regulations, or may restrict the
company’s ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations could result in penalties or sanctions that could have an adverse impact on the company’s financial results. 

Catastrophic Events – Catastrophic events 
could disrupt the operations of the company and/or its customers and suppliers and may have a
significant adverse impact on the results of operations. 

The occurrence of catastrophic events or natural disasters such
as hurricanes, health epidemics, acts of war or terrorism, could disrupt or delay the company’s ability to produce and distribute its products to customers and could potentially expose the company to third-party liability claims. In addition,
such events could impact the company’s customers and suppliers resulting in temporary or long-term outages and/or the limitation of supply of energy and other raw materials used in normal business operations. These situations are outside the
company’s control and may have a significant adverse impact on the company’s financial results. 

Internal Factors 

Significant internal factors include: 

•

 Retaining qualified personnel; 

•

 Technological advances; 

•

 Litigation and governmental investigations; 

•

 Environmental laws and regulations; 

•

 Tax liabilities; 

•

 Operational risks; and 

•

 Acquisitions. 

8 

Table of Contents

Retaining Qualified Personnel – The inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may
adversely impact the company’s business. 

If Praxair fails to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, the
company may not be able to develop, market or sell its products or successfully manage its business. Praxair is dependent upon its highly skilled, experienced and efficient workforce to be successful. Much of Praxair’s competitive advantage is
based on the expertise and experience of its key personnel regarding its marketing, technology, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure, systems and products. The inability to attract and hire qualified individuals or the loss of key employees
in very skilled areas could have a negative effect on the company’s financial results. 

Technological Advances – If the company
fails to keep pace with technological advances in the industry or if new technology initiatives do not become commercially accepted, customers may not continue to buy the company’s products and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Praxair’s research and development is directed toward developing new and improved methods for the production and
distribution of industrial gases and the development of new markets and applications for the use of these gases. This results in the frequent introduction of new industrial gas applications and the development of new advanced air separation process
technologies. The company also conducts research and development for its surface technologies to improve the quality and durability of coatings and the use of specialty powders for new applications and industries. The results of these research and
development activities help Praxair to create a competitive advantage and provide a platform for the company to grow its business at greater percentages than the rate of industrial production growth in the geographies where it operates. If
Praxair’s research and development activities did not keep pace with competitors or if it did not create new applications that benefit customers, then the company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Litigation and Governmental Investigations – The outcomes of litigation and governmental investigations may affect the company’s financial
results. 

Praxair is subject to various lawsuits and governmental investigations arising out of the normal course of
business that may result in adverse outcomes. These actions are based upon alleged environmental, tax, antitrust and personal injury claims, among others. Adverse outcomes in some or all of the claims pending may result in significant monetary
damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect its ability to conduct business. While management currently believes that resolving all of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the
company’s financial position or liquidity, the litigation and other claims Praxair faces are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. There exists the possibility of a material
adverse impact on the company’s results of operations for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

Environmental Laws and Regulations – The costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations may adversely impact the company’s financial position and results of operations. 

Praxair is subject to various environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing
the discharge of pollutants into the air or water, the storage, handling and disposal of chemicals, hazardous substances and wastes, and the remediation of contamination. Violations of these laws could result in substantial penalties, third party
claims for property damage or personal injury, or sanctions. The company may also be subject to liability for the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination at properties that it owns or operates and at other properties where
Praxair or its predecessors have operated or arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes. Although management does not believe that any such liabilities will have a material adverse impact on its financial position and results of operations,
management cannot provide assurance that such costs will not increase in the future or will not become material. See the section captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Matters” in Item 7 of this
10-K. 

9 

Table of Contents

Tax Liabilities – Potential tax liabilities could adversely impact the company’s financial
position and results of operations. 

Praxair is subject to income and other taxes in both the United States and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. The determination of the company’s worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires judgment and is based on diverse legislative and regulatory structures that exist in the various jurisdictions
where the company operates. Although management believes its estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in its financial statements and may materially affect the company’s financial results for the
period when such determination is made. See Notes 5 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Operational Risks – Operational
risks may adversely impact the company’s business or results of operations. 

Praxair’s operating results are
dependent on the continued operation of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer contract requirements and other needs. Insufficient or excess capacity threatens the company’s ability to generate competitive profit margins and
may expose the company to liabilities related to contract commitments. Operating results are also dependent on the company’s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget and in accordance with performance requirements.
Failure to do so may expose the business to loss of revenue, potential litigation and loss of business reputation. 

Also
inherent in the management of the company’s production facilities and delivery systems, including storage, vehicle transportation and pipelines, are operational risks that require continuous training, oversight and control. Material operating
failures at production, storage facilities or pipelines, including fire, toxic release and explosions, or the occurrence of vehicle transportation accidents could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, loss of production and/or extensive
property damage, all of which may negatively impact the company’s financial results. 

Acquisitions – The inability to effectively
integrate acquisitions could adversely impact the company’s financial position and results of operations. 

Praxair has
evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic acquisitions. Many of these acquisitions, if consummated, could be material to its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the process of
integrating an acquired company, business or group of assets may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Although historically the company has been successful with its acquisition strategy and execution, the areas where the
company may face risks include: 

•

 The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to the acquisition
lacked these controls, procedures and policies; 

•

 Diversion of management time and focus from operating existing business to acquisition integration challenges; 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into the existing organization; 

•

 The need to integrate each company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective
management; 

•

 Difficulty with the assimilation of acquired operations and products; 

•

 Failure to achieve targeted synergies; and 

•

 Inability to retain key employees and business relationships of acquired companies. 

Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across
different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. Also, the anticipated benefit of the company’s

10 

Table of Contents

acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or
amortization expenses, or impairments of goodwill, any of which could adversely impact the company’s financial results.