The nature of the business activities conducted by the Company subjects it to certain hazards and risks. The following is a summary of some of the material risks relating to the Company’s business
activities. Other risks are described in “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations” and “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” These risks are not the only risks facing the
Company. The Company’s business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm the
Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations and impair Pioneer’s ability to implement business plans or complete development projects as scheduled. In that case, the market price of the Company’s common stock
could decline. 

The prices of oil, NGL and gas are highly volatile. A sustained decline in these commodity prices could
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s
revenues, profitability, cash flow and future rate of growth are highly dependent on commodity prices. Commodity prices may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, NGL and gas, market uncertainty
and a variety of additional factors that are beyond the Company’s control, such as: 

•

 domestic and worldwide supply of and demand for oil, NGL and gas; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 overall domestic and global political and economic conditions; 

•

 actions of OPEC and other state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price and production controls; 

•

 the effect of LNG deliveries to the United States; 

•

 technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation; 

•

 the effect of energy conservation efforts; 

•

 the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of pipelines and other transportation facilities; and 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels. 

In the past, commodity prices have been extremely volatile, and the Company expects this volatility to continue. For example, oil prices reached record levels in July 2008 of $145.29
per Bbl before declining to $33.87 per Bbl in December, while gas prices reached $13.58 per Mcf before declining to $5.29 per Mcf over the same period. During 2009, oil prices increased from a low of $33.98 per Bbl in February to a high of $81.37
per Bbl in October while gas prices declined from $6.07 per Mcf in January to $2.51 per Mcf in September. The Company makes price assumptions that are used for planning purposes, and a significant portion of the Company’s cash outlays,
including rent, salaries and noncancellable capital commitments, are largely fixed in nature. Accordingly, if commodity prices are below the expectations on which these commitments were based, the Company’s financial results are likely to be
adversely and disproportionately affected because these cash outlays are not variable in the short term and cannot be quickly reduced to respond to unanticipated decreases in commodity prices. 

Significant or extended price declines could also adversely affect the amount of oil, NGL and gas that the Company can
produce economically. A reduction in production could result in a shortfall in expected cash flows and require the Company to reduce capital spending or borrow funds to cover any such shortfall. Any of these factors could negatively affect the
Company’s ability to replace its production and its future rate of growth. 

The Company could experience periods of
higher costs if commodity prices rise. Such increases could reduce the Company’s profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as planned. 

Historically, the Company’s capital and operating costs have risen during periods of increasing oil, NGL and gas
prices. These cost increases result from a variety of factors beyond the Company’s control, such as increases in the cost of electricity, steel and other raw materials that the Company and its vendors rely upon; increased demand for labor,
services and materials as drilling activity increases; and increased taxes. Such costs may rise faster than increases in the Company’s revenue, thereby negatively impacting the Company’s profitability, cash flow and ability to complete
development activities as planned. 

14 

Table of Contents

The Company’s derivative risk management activities could result in financial losses. 

To achieve more predictable cash flow and to manage the Company’s exposure to fluctuations in the prices
of oil, NGL and gas, the Company’s strategy is to enter into derivative arrangements covering a portion of its oil, NGL and gas production. These derivative arrangements are subject to mark-to-market accounting treatment, and the changes in
fair market value of the contracts will be reported in the Company’s statement of operations each quarter, which may result in significant net gains or losses. These derivative contracts may also expose the Company to risk of financial loss in
certain circumstances, including when: 

•

 production is less than the contracted derivative volumes, 

•

 the counterparty to the derivative contract defaults on its contract obligations, or 

•

 the derivative contracts limit the benefit the Company would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. 

On the other hand, failure to protect against declines in commodity prices exposes the Company to reduced revenue and
liquidity when prices decline, as occurred in late 2008 and during 2009. 

The failure by counterparties to the
Company’s derivative risk management activities to perform their obligations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

The use of derivative risk management transactions involves the risk that the counterparties will be unable to meet the financial terms of such transactions. If any of these
counterparties were to default on its obligations under the Company’s derivative arrangements, such a default could have a material, adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, and could result in a larger percentage of the
Company’s future production being subject to commodity price changes. 

Exploration and development drilling may not
result in commercially productive reserves. 

Drilling involves numerous risks, including the risk that
no commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs will be encountered. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors,
including: 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 unexpected pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 adverse weather conditions; 

•

 restricted access to land for drilling or laying pipelines; and 

•

 costs of, or shortages or delays in the delivery of, drilling rigs, equipment and personnel. 

The Company’s future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure could have an adverse
effect on the Company’s future results of operations and financial condition. While all drilling, whether developmental, extension or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory and extension drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or
failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. The Company expects that it will continue to experience exploration and abandonment expense in 2010. Increased levels of drilling activity in the oil and gas industry in recent periods have led
to increased costs of some drilling equipment, materials and supplies. Although the Company has experienced some decrease in these costs over the past year, such decreases could be short-lived. A return to the trends of increasing demand and costs
in the future may affect the Company’s profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development projects as scheduled and on budget. 

Future price declines could result in a reduction in the carrying value of the Company’s proved oil and gas properties, which could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

Declines in commodity prices may result in the Company’s having to make substantial downward
adjustments to the Company’s estimated proved reserves. If this occurs, or if the Company’s estimates of production or economic factors change, accounting rules may require the Company to impair, as a noncash charge to earnings, the
carrying value of the Company’s oil and gas properties. The Company is required to perform impairment tests on proved oil and gas properties whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of proved properties may
not be recoverable. To the extent such tests indicate a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated future cash flows of the Company’s oil and gas properties, the carrying value may not be recoverable and therefore an impairment charge
will be required to reduce the carrying value of the proved properties to their estimated fair value. For example, during 2009, the Company recognized impairment charges of $21.1 million due to the

15 

Table of Contents

impairment of the Company’s net assets in the Uinta/Piceance areas, primarily due to declines in gas prices and downward adjustments to the economically recoverable resource potential. The
Company may incur impairment charges in the future, which could materially affect the Company’s results of operations in the period incurred. 

The Company periodically evaluates its unproved oil and gas properties and could be required to recognize noncash charges in the earnings of future periods. 

At December 31, 2009, the Company carried unproved property costs of $236.7 million. GAAP requires periodic evaluation
of these costs on a project-by-project basis. These evaluations will be affected by the results of exploration activities, commodity price outlooks, planned future sales or expiration of all or a portion of the leases, contracts and permits
appurtenant to such projects. If the quantity of potential reserves determined by such evaluations is not sufficient to fully recover the cost invested in each project, the Company will recognize noncash charges in the earnings of future periods.

The Company may be unable to make attractive acquisitions, and any acquisition it completes is subject to substantial
risks that could adversely affect its business. 

Acquisitions of producing oil and gas properties have
been an important element of the Company’s growth. The Company’s growth following the full development of its existing property base could be impeded if it is unable to acquire additional oil and gas reserves on a profitable basis.
Acquisition opportunities in the oil and gas industry are very competitive, which can increase the cost of, or cause the Company to refrain from, completing acquisitions. The success of any acquisition will depend on a number of factors and involves
potential risks, including among other things: 

•

 the inability to estimate accurately the costs to develop the reserves, the recoverable volumes of reserves, rates of future production and future
net cash flows attainable from the reserves; 

•

 the assumption of unknown liabilities, losses or costs for which the Company is not indemnified or for which the indemnity the Company receives is
inadequate; 

•

 the validity of assumptions about costs, including synergies; 

•

 the impact on the Company’s liquidity or financial leverage of using available cash or debt to finance acquisitions;

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; and 

•

 an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the Company’s growing business and assets.

All of these factors affect whether an acquisition will ultimately generate cash flows
sufficient to provide a suitable return on investment. Even though the Company performs a review of the properties it seeks to acquire that it believes is consistent with industry practices, such reviews are often limited in scope. As a result,
among other risks, the Company’s initial estimates of reserves may be subject to revision following an acquisition, which may materially and adversely affect the desired benefits of the acquisition. 

The Company may be unable to dispose of nonstrategic assets on attractive terms, and may be required to retain liabilities for certain
matters. 

The Company regularly reviews its property base for the purpose of identifying nonstrategic
assets, the disposition of which would increase capital resources available for other activities and create organizational and operational efficiencies. Various factors could materially affect the ability of the Company to dispose of nonstrategic
assets, including the availability of purchasers willing to purchase the nonstrategic assets at prices acceptable to the Company. Sellers typically retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters. The magnitude of any such
retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and ultimately may be material. Also, as is typical in divestiture transactions, third parties may be unwilling to release the Company from
guarantees or other credit support provided prior to the sale of the divested assets. As a result, after a sale the Company may remain secondarily liable for the obligations guaranteed or supported to the extent that the buyer of the assets fails to
perform these obligations. The current economic outlook has affected the level of sales activity for oil and gas properties. The higher cost of credit has limited third parties’ ability to acquire properties, and the potential value of the
Company’s properties is likely to decline if adverse economic conditions continue. 

16 

Table of Contents

The Company periodically evaluates its goodwill for impairment and could be required
to recognize noncash charges in the earnings of future periods. 

At December 31, 2009, the
Company carried goodwill of $309.3 million associated with its United States reporting unit. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually during the third quarter using a July 1 assessment date, and also whenever facts or circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of the Company’s goodwill may be impaired, requiring an estimate of the fair values of the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities. Those assessments may be affected by (a) future reserve adjustments both
positive and negative, (b) results of drilling activities, (c) changes in management’s outlook on commodity prices and costs and expenses, (d) changes in the Company’s market capitalization, (e) changes in the
Company’s weighted average cost of capital and (f) changes in income taxes. If the fair value of the reporting unit’s net assets is not sufficient to fully support the goodwill balance in the future, the Company will reduce the
carrying value of goodwill for the impaired value, with a corresponding noncash charge to earnings in the period in which goodwill is determined to be impaired. 

The Company’s gas processing operations are subject to operational risks, which could result in significant damages and the loss of revenue. 

As of December 31, 2009, the Company owned interests in four gas processing plants and eleven treating facilities. The
Company operates two of the gas processing plants and all eleven of the treating facilities. There are significant risks associated with the operation of gas processing plants. Gas and NGLs are volatile and explosive and may include carcinogens.
Damage to or misoperation of a gas processing plant or facility could result in an explosion or the discharge of toxic gases, which could result in significant damage claims in addition to interrupting a revenue source. 

The Company’s operations involve many operational risks, some of which could result in substantial losses to the Company and
unforeseen interruptions to the Company’s operations for which the Company may not be adequately insured. 

The Company’s operations are subject to all the risks normally incident to the oil and gas development and production business, including: 

•

 blowouts, cratering, explosions and fires; 

•

 adverse weather effects; 

•

 environmental hazards, such as gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline ruptures and discharges of toxic gases; 

•

 high costs, shortages or delivery delays of equipment, labor or other services; 

•

 facility or equipment malfunctions, failures or accidents; 

•

 title problems; 

•

 pipe or cement failures or casing collapses; 

•

 compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements; 

•

 lost or damaged oilfield workover and service tools; 

•

 unusual or unexpected geological formations or pressure or irregularities in formations; and 

•

 natural disasters. 

Any of these risks could result in substantial losses to the Company due to injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of wells, production facilities or other property, clean-up responsibilities,
regulatory investigations and penalties and suspension of operations. 

The Company is not fully insured
against certain of the risks described above, either because such insurance is not available or because of the high premium costs and deductibles associated with obtaining such insurance. Additionally, the Company relies to a large extent on
facilities owned and operated by third-parties, and damage to or destruction of those third-party facilities could affect the ability of the Company to produce, transport and sell its hydrocarbons. For example, in 2008, damage caused by Hurricanes
Gustav and Ike to a third-party facility that fractionates NGLs from a portion of the Company’s production resulted in a portion of the Company’s production being shut in or curtailed from early September to mid-November 2008 while repairs
and maintenance to the facility were being completed. 

17 

Table of Contents

The Company’s expectations for future drilling activities will be realized over
several years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of such activities. 

The Company has identified drilling locations and prospects for future drilling opportunities, including development, exploratory and infill drilling and enhanced recovery activities. These drilling
locations and prospects represent a significant part of the Company’s future drilling plans. The Company’s ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of factors, including the availability of capital, seasonal
conditions, regulatory approvals, negotiation of agreements with third parties, commodity prices, costs and drilling results. Because of these uncertainties, the Company cannot give any assurance as to the timing of these activities or that they
will ultimately result in the realization of proved reserves or meet the Company’s expectations for success. As such, the Company’s actual drilling and enhanced recovery activities may materially differ from the Company’s current
expectations, which could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s proved reserves, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company may not be able to obtain access to pipelines, gas gathering, transmission, storage and processing facilities to market its oil and gas production. 

The marketing of oil and gas production depends in large part on the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines and
storage facilities, gas gathering systems and other transportation, processing and refining facilities, as well as the existence of adequate markets. If there were insufficient capacity available on these systems, or if these systems were
unavailable to the Company, the price offered for the Company’s production could be significantly depressed, or the Company could be forced to shut in some production or delay or discontinue drilling plans and commercial production following a
discovery of hydrocarbons while it constructs its own facility. The Company also relies (and expects to rely in the future) on facilities developed and owned by third parties in order to store, process, transmit and sell its oil and gas production.
The Company’s plans to develop and sell its oil and gas reserves could be materially and adversely affected by the inability or unwillingness of third parties to provide sufficient transmission, storage or processing facilities to the Company,
especially in areas of planned expansion where such facilities do not currently exist. 

The nature of the Company’s
assets exposes it to significant costs and liabilities with respect to environmental and operational safety matters. 

The oil and gas business is subject to environmental hazards such as oil spills, produced water spills, gas leaks and ruptures and discharges of substances or gases that could expose the Company to
substantial liability due to pollution and other environmental damage. A variety of United States federal, state and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations govern the environmental aspects of the oil and gas business. Noncompliance with
these laws and regulations may subject the Company to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial cleanups, and natural resource damages or other liabilities, and compliance with these laws and regulations may increase the cost of the
Company’s operations. Such laws and regulations may also affect the costs of acquisitions. See “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations — Environmental matters and regulations” above for additional discussion
related to environmental risks. 

No assurance can be given that existing or future environmental laws will not
result in a curtailment of production or processing activities, result in a material increase in the costs of production, development, exploration or processing operations or adversely affect the Company’s future operations and financial
condition. Pollution and similar environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. 

The Company’s credit
facility and debt instruments have substantial restrictions and financial covenants that may restrict its business and financing activities. 

The Company is a borrower under fixed rate senior notes, senior convertible notes and a credit facility. The terms of the Company’s borrowings under the senior notes, senior convertible notes and the
credit facility specify scheduled debt repayments and require the Company to comply with certain associated covenants and restrictions. The Company’s ability to comply with the debt repayment terms, associated covenants and restrictions is
dependent on, among other things, factors outside the Company’s direct control, such as commodity prices and interest rates. See Note F of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” for information regarding the Company’s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2009 and the terms associated therewith. 

The Company’s ability to obtain additional financing is also affected by the Company’s debt credit ratings and competition for available debt financing. See “Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of the Company’s debt credit ratings. 

18 

Table of Contents

The Company faces significant competition, and many of its competitors have resources
in excess of the Company’s available resources. 

The oil and gas industry is highly competitive.
The Company competes with a large number of companies, producers and operators in a number of areas such as: 

•

 seeking to acquire oil and gas properties suitable for development or exploration; 

•

 marketing oil, NGL and gas production; and 

•

 seeking to acquire the equipment and expertise, including trained personnel, necessary to operate and develop properties.

Many of the Company’s competitors are larger and have substantially greater financial and other
resources than the Company. See “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations” for additional discussion regarding competition. 

The Company is subject to regulations that may cause it to incur substantial costs. 

The Company’s business is regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. For example, the Company’s properties located in Colorado are subject to the authority
of the Colorado Oil & Gas Conservation Commission (the “COGCC”), which recently passed certain rules that will increase the length of time needed to obtain certain permits and will increase the Company’s costs of permitting
and environmental compliance. In addition, in connection with the Company’s CBM operations in the Raton Basin in Colorado, the Colorado Supreme Court recently affirmed a state water court holding that water produced in connection with CBM
operations should be subject to state water-use regulations, including regulations requiring permits for diversion and use of surface and subsurface water, an evaluation of potential competing permits, possible uses of the water and a possible
requirement to provide augmentation water supplies for water rights owners with more senior rights. There can be no assurance that present or future regulations will not adversely affect the Company’s business and operations, including that the
Company may be required to suspend drilling operations or shut in production pending compliance. See “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations” for additional discussion regarding government regulation. 

The Company’s international operations may be adversely affected by economic, political and other factors. 

At December 31, 2009, two percent of the Company’s proved reserves were located outside the United States. The
success and profitability of international operations may be adversely affected by risks associated with international activities, including: 

•

 economic and labor conditions; 

•

 war, terrorist acts and civil disturbances; 

•

 political instability; 

•

 loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of actions taken by foreign countries where the Company has operations, such as expropriation or
nationalization of assets and renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing contracts; 

•

 changes in taxation policies (including host-country import-export, excise and income taxes and United States taxes on foreign subsidiaries);

•

 laws and policies of the United States and foreign jurisdictions affecting foreign investment, trade and business conduct; and

•

 changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus the local currencies in which oil and gas producing activities may be denominated.

In some cases, the market for the Company’s production in foreign countries is limited
to some extent. For example, all of the Company’s gas and condensate production from the South Coast Gas project in South Africa is currently committed by contract to a single, government-affiliated gas-to-liquids facility. If such facility
ceased to purchase the gas because of an unforeseen event, it might be difficult to find an alternative market for the production, and if such a market were secured, the price received by the Company might be less than that provided under its
current gas sales contract. See “Qualitative Disclosures – Foreign currency, operations and price risk” in “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and Note B of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for information regarding other risks associated with the Company’s international operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

Estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not precise. The actual
quantities and net cash flows of the Company’s proved reserves may prove to be lower than estimated. 

Numerous uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net cash flows therefrom. The estimates of proved reserves and related future net cash flows set forth in this Report are based on various assumptions,
which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. 

Petroleum engineering is a subjective process of estimating
underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including the
following: 

•

 historical production from the area compared with production from other producing areas; 

•

 the quality and quantity of available data; 

•

 the interpretation of that data; 

•

 the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies; 

•

 assumptions concerning future commodity prices; and 

•

 assumptions concerning future operating costs, severance, ad valorem and excise taxes, development costs, transportation costs and workover and
remedial costs. 

Because all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the
following items may differ materially from those assumed in estimating reserves: 

•

 the quantities of oil, NGLs and gas that are ultimately recovered; 

•

 the production and operating costs incurred; 

•

 the amount and timing of future development expenditures; and 

•

 future commodity prices. 

Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of proved reserves and cash flows based on the same available data. The Company’s actual production, revenues and expenditures
with respect to proved reserves will likely be different from estimates, and the differences may be material. 

As required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on average prices preceding the date of the estimate and costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may be
materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected by factors such as: 

•

 the amount and timing of actual production; 

•

 levels of future capital spending; 

•

 increases or decreases in the supply of or demand for oil, NGLs and gas; and 

•

 changes in governmental regulations or taxation. 

The Company reports all proved reserves held under concessions utilizing the “economic interest” method, which excludes the host country’s share of proved reserves.
Estimated quantities reported under the “economic interest” method are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices and recoverable operating expenses and capital costs. If costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of
costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. 

Standardized Measure is a reporting convention
that provides a common basis for comparing oil and gas companies subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In general, it requires the use of commodity prices that are based upon a 12-month unweighted average, as well as operating and
development costs being incurred at the end of the reporting period. Consequently, it may not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be received for oil and gas production because of seasonal price fluctuations or other varying market
conditions, nor may it reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or develop the oil and gas properties. Accordingly, estimates included herein of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash flows that
are ultimately received. In addition, the ten percent discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest
rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with the Company or the oil and gas industry in general. Therefore, the estimates of discounted future net cash flows or Standardized Measure in this Report should not be construed as accurate
estimates of the current market value of the Company’s proved reserves. 

20 

Table of Contents

The Company’s actual production could differ materially from its forecasts.

From time to time the Company provides forecasts of expected quantities of future oil and gas
production. These forecasts are based on a number of estimates, including expectations of production from existing wells and the outcome of future drilling activity. Should these estimates prove inaccurate, actual production could be adversely
affected. In addition, the Company’s forecasts assume that none of the risks associated with the Company’s oil and gas operations summarized in this Item 1A occur, such as facility or equipment malfunctions, adverse weather effects,
or downturns in commodity prices or significant increases in costs, which could make certain drilling activities or production uneconomical. 

The Company may be unable to complete its plans to repurchase its common stock. 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) approves share repurchase programs and sets limits on the price per share at which Pioneer’s common stock can be repurchased. From time to time, the
Company may not be permitted to repurchase its stock during certain periods because of scheduled and unscheduled trading blackouts. Additionally, business conditions and availability of capital may dictate that repurchases be suspended or canceled.
As a result, there can be no assurance that additional repurchase programs will be commenced and, if so, that they will be completed. 

A subsidiary of the Company acts as the general partner of a publicly-traded limited partnership. As such, the subsidiary

’
s operations may involve a greater risk of liability than ordinary business
operations. 

A subsidiary of the Company acts as the general partner of Pioneer Southwest Energy
Partners L.P., a publicly-traded limited partnership formed by the Company to own and acquire oil and gas assets in its area of operations. As general partner, the subsidiary may be deemed to have undertaken fiduciary obligations to the partnership.
Activities determined to involve fiduciary obligations to others typically involve a higher standard of conduct than ordinary business operations and therefore may involve a greater risk of liability, particularly when a conflict of interest is
found to exist. Any such liability may be material. 

A failure by purchasers of the Company’s production to perform
their obligations to the Company could require the Company to recognize a pre-tax charge in earnings and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operation. 

While the credit markets, the availability of credit and the equity markets have improved during 2009, the economic outlook
for 2010 remains uncertain. To the extent that purchasers of the Company’s production rely on access to the credit or equity markets to fund their operations, there could be an increased risk that those purchasers could default in their
contractual obligations to the Company. If for any reason the Company were to determine that it was probable that some or all of the accounts receivable from any one or more of the purchasers of the Company’s production were uncollectible, the
Company would recognize a pre-tax charge in the earnings of that period for the probable loss. 

The Company may not be
able to obtain funding, obtain funding on acceptable terms or obtain funding under its current credit facility in the event of a deterioration of the credit and capital markets, which could hinder or prevent the Company from meeting its future
capital needs. 

During 2009, access to the debt and equity capital markets improved. However, as a
result of concerns about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of counterparties specifically, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets was higher than historical levels as many lenders and institutional investors
increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards and limited the amount of funding available to borrowers. 

If these events were to recur, the Company could be unable to obtain adequate funding under its current credit facility because (i) the Company’s lending counterparties may be unwilling or unable to meet their funding obligations
or (ii) the amount the Company may borrow under its current credit facility could be reduced as a result of lower oil, NGL or gas prices, declines in reserves, stricter lending requirements or regulations, or for other reasons. For example, the
Company’s credit facility requires that the Company maintain a specified ratio of the net present value of the Company’s oil and gas properties to total debt, with the variables on which the calculation of net

21 

Table of Contents

present value is based (including assumed commodity prices and discount rates) being subject to adjustment by the lenders. Due to these factors, the Company cannot be certain that funding will be
available if needed and to the extent required, on acceptable terms. If funding is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, the Company may be unable to implement its business plans or otherwise take advantage of
business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s production, revenues and results of operations. 

Declining general economic, business or industry conditions could have a material adverse affect on the Company’s results of operations. 

Concerns over the worldwide economic outlook, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the United States
mortgage market and a declining real estate market in the United States have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer
confidence and increased unemployment, precipitated a worldwide recession. Concerns about global economic growth have had a significant adverse effect on global financial markets and commodity prices, both of which contributed to a decline in the
Company’s share price and corresponding market capitalization during 2008. If the economic climate in the United States or abroad deteriorates, demand for petroleum products could further diminish, which could further depress the prices at
which the Company can sell its oil, NGLs and gas and ultimately decrease the Company’s net revenue and profitability. 

Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development may be eliminated as a result of future legislation. 

President Obama’s proposed Fiscal Year 2011 Budget includes proposed legislation that would, if enacted into law, make
significant changes to United States tax laws, including the elimination of certain key U.S. federal income tax incentives currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies. These changes include, but are not limited to
(i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic
production activities and (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Each of these changes is proposed to be effective for taxable years beginning, or in the case of costs described in
(ii) and (iv), costs paid or incurred, after December 31, 2010. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. Any such change could negatively affect the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The adoption of climate change legislation by Congress or
regulation by the EPA could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil, NGLs and gas the Company produces. 

On December 15, 2009, the EPA officially published its findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other “greenhouse gases,” or “GHGs,” present an endangerment to human
health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere and other climatic changes. These findings by the EPA allow the agency to proceed with the adoption and
implementation of regulations that would restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act. The adoption and implementation of any regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, the
Company’s equipment and operations could require the Company to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with the Company’s operations or could adversely affect demand for the oil, NGL and gas that the Company produces.

Also, on June 26, 2009, the United States House of Representatives approved adoption of ACESA. The
purpose of which is to control and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases in the United States. The United States Senate has begun work on its own legislation for controlling and reducing emissions of GHGs in the United States. It is not possible at
this time to predict with certainty whether climate change legislation will be enacted, but any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of GHGs would likely require the Company to incur increased operating costs and
could have an adverse effect on demand for the oil, NGLs and gas it produces. See “Competition, Markets and Regulations” in “Item 1. Business.” 

22 

Table of Contents

The adoption of derivatives legislation by the United States Congress could have an
adverse effect on the Company’s ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price risk associated with its business. 

The United States Congress currently is considering comprehensive financial reform legislation that includes restrictions on certain transactions involving derivatives. This
legislation also would provide the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) with express authority to impose position limits related to energy commodities, such as oil and gas. Separately, the CFTC is proposing regulations to set
position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets. Although it is not possible at this time to predict whether or when the CFTC may adopt rules or the United States Congress may act on derivatives legislation, any
laws or regulations that may be adopted could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to utilize derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price risk associated with its business. 

Federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and
additional operating restrictions or delays. 

The United States Congress is currently considering
legislation to amend the federal Safe Drinking Water Act to regulate chemicals used by the oil and gas industry in the hydraulic fracturing process, and some other states are considering similar regulations. Hydraulic fracturing involves the
injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into rock formations to stimulate oil and gas production. Sponsors of bills currently pending before the United States Senate and House of Representatives have asserted that chemicals used in the
fracturing process could adversely affect drinking water supplies. The proposed legislation also would require the disclosure of chemical constituents used in the fracturing process to state or federal regulatory agencies, which could make such
information publicly available. The availability of this information could make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing
process could adversely affect groundwater. In addition, these bills, if adopted, could establish an additional level of regulation at the federal level that could lead to operational delays or increased operating costs and could result in
additional regulatory burdens that could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing and increase the Company’s costs of compliance and doing business. 

Provisions of the Company’s charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company’s common
stock. 

Provisions in the Company’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect
of delaying or preventing an acquisition of the Company or a merger in which the Company is not the surviving company and may otherwise prevent or slow changes in the Company’s board of directors and management. In addition, because the Company
is incorporated in Delaware, it is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Company has also adopted a shareholder rights plan. These provisions could discourage an acquisition of the Company or
other change in control transaction and thereby negatively affect the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company’s common stock.