The nature of the business activities conducted by the Company subjects it to certain hazards and risks. The following is a summary of some of the material risks relating to the Company’s business
activities. Other risks are described in “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations” and “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” These risks are not the only risks facing the
Company. The Company’s business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm the
Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations and impair Pioneer’s ability to implement business plans or complete development activities as scheduled. In that case, the market price of the Company’s common stock
could decline. 

The prices of oil, NGL and gas are highly volatile. A sustained decline in these commodity prices could
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s
revenues, profitability, cash flow and future rate of growth are highly dependent on commodity prices. Commodity prices may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, NGL and gas, market uncertainty
and a variety of additional factors that are beyond the Company’s control, such as: 

•

 domestic and worldwide supply of and demand for oil, NGL and gas; 

•

 inventory levels at Cushing, Oklahoma, the benchmark for WTI oil prices; 

•

 gas inventory levels in the United States; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 overall domestic and global political and economic conditions; 

•

 actions of OPEC and other state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price and production controls; 

16 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

•

 the effect of LNG deliveries to the United States; 

•

 technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation; 

•

 the effect of energy conservation efforts; 

•

 the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of pipelines and other transportation facilities; and 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels. 

In the past, commodity prices have been extremely volatile, and the Company expects this volatility to continue. For
example, during 2011, oil prices fluctuated from a high of $113.93 per Bbl in April to a low of $75.67 per Bbl in October, while gas prices fluctuated from a high of $4.85 per Mcf in June to a low of $2.99 per Mcf in December. During 2010, oil
prices fluctuated from a low of $68.01 per Bbl in May to a high of $91.51 per Bbl in December, while gas prices fluctuated from a high of $6.01 per Mcf in January to a low of $3.29 per Mcf in October. The Company makes price assumptions that are
used for planning purposes, and a significant portion of the Company’s cash outlays, including rent, salaries and noncancellable capital commitments, are largely fixed in nature. Accordingly, if commodity prices are below the expectations on
which these commitments were based, the Company’s financial results are likely to be adversely and disproportionately affected because these cash outlays are not variable in the short term and cannot be quickly reduced to respond to
unanticipated decreases in commodity prices. 

Significant or extended price declines could also adversely
affect the amount of oil, NGL and gas that the Company can produce economically. A reduction in production could result in a shortfall in expected cash flows and require the Company to reduce capital spending or borrow funds to cover any such
shortfall. Any of these factors could negatively affect the Company’s ability to replace its production and its future rate of growth. 

The Company could experience periods of higher costs if commodity prices rise. These increases could reduce the Company’s profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities
as planned. 

Historically, the Company’s capital and operating costs have risen during periods of
increasing oil, NGL and gas prices. These cost increases result from a variety of factors beyond the Company’s control, such as increases in the cost of electricity, steel and other raw materials that the Company and its vendors rely upon;
increased demand for labor, services and materials as drilling activity increases; and increased taxes. Increased levels of drilling activity in the oil and gas industry in recent periods have led to increased costs of some drilling equipment,
materials and supplies. Such costs may rise faster than increases in the Company’s revenue, thereby negatively impacting the Company’s profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as scheduled and on budget.

The Company’s derivative risk management activities could result in financial losses. 

To achieve more predictable cash flow and to manage the Company’s exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil, NGL
and gas, the Company’s strategy is to enter into derivative arrangements covering a portion of its oil, NGL and gas production. These derivative arrangements are subject to MTM accounting treatment, and the changes in fair market value of the
contracts are reported in the Company’s statement of operations each quarter, which may result in significant net gains or losses. These derivative contracts may also expose the Company to risk of financial loss in certain circumstances,
including when: 

•

 production is less than the contracted derivative volumes; 

•

 the counterparty to the derivative contract defaults on its contract obligations; or 

•

 the derivative contracts limit the benefit the Company would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. 

On the other hand, failure to protect against declines in commodity prices exposes the Company to reduced liquidity when
prices decline. 

The failure by counterparties to the Company’s derivative risk management activities to perform
their obligations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

The use of derivative risk management transactions involves the risk that the counterparties will be unable to meet the
financial terms of such transactions. If any of these counterparties were to default on its obligations under the Company’s derivative arrangements, such a default could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of
operations, and could result in a larger percentage of the Company’s future production being subject to commodity price changes. 

17 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

Exploration and development drilling may not result in commercially productive reserves.

Drilling involves numerous risks, including the risk that no commercially productive oil or gas
reservoirs will be encountered. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled, or become costlier, as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 unexpected pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 fracture stimulation accidents or failures; 

•

 adverse weather conditions; 

•

 restricted access to land for drilling or laying pipelines; and 

•

 access to, and the cost and availability of, the equipment, services and personnel required to complete the Company’s drilling, completion and
operating activities. 

The Company’s future drilling activities may not be successful
and, if unsuccessful, such failure could have an adverse effect on the Company’s future results of operations and financial condition. While all drilling, whether developmental, extension or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory and
extension drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. The Company expects that it will continue to experience exploration and abandonment expense in 2012. 

Future price declines could result in a reduction in the carrying value of the Company’s proved oil and gas properties, which
could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

Declines in commodity prices may
result in the Company having to make substantial downward adjustments to its estimated proved reserves. If this occurs, or if the Company’s estimates of production or economic factors change, accounting rules may require the Company to impair,
as a noncash charge to earnings, the carrying value of the Company’s oil and gas properties. The Company is required to perform impairment tests on proved oil and gas properties whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of proved properties may not be recoverable. To the extent such tests indicate a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated future cash flows of the Company’s oil and gas properties, the carrying value may not be
recoverable and therefore an impairment charge would be required to reduce the carrying value of the proved properties to their estimated fair value. For example, during 2011 and 2009, the Company recognized impairment charges of $354.4 million and
$21.1 million, respectively, due to the impairment of the Company’s Edwards and Austin Chalk gas fields in South Texas and the Uinta/Piceance area in Colorado, primarily due to declines in gas prices and downward adjustments to the economically
recoverable resource potential. The Company may incur impairment charges in the future, which could materially affect the Company’s results of operations in the period incurred. 

The Company periodically evaluates its unproved oil and gas properties and could be required to recognize noncash charges in the
earnings of future periods. 

At December 31, 2011, the Company carried unproved property costs of
$235.5 million. GAAP requires periodic evaluation of these costs on a project-by-project basis. These evaluations are affected by the results of exploration activities, commodity price outlooks, planned future sales or expiration of all or a portion
of the leases, contracts and permits appurtenant to such projects. If the quantity of potential reserves determined by such evaluations is not sufficient to fully recover the cost invested in each project, the Company will recognize noncash charges
in the earnings of future periods. 

The Company may be unable to make attractive acquisitions, and any acquisition it
completes is subject to substantial risks that could adversely affect its business. 

Acquisitions of
producing oil and gas properties have from time to time contributed to the Company’s growth. The Company’s growth following the full development of its existing property base could be impeded if it is unable to acquire additional oil and
gas reserves on a profitable basis. Acquisition opportunities in the oil and gas industry are very competitive, which can increase the cost of, or cause the Company to refrain from, completing acquisitions. The success of any acquisition will depend
on a number of factors and involves potential risks, including among other things: 

18 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

•

 the inability to estimate accurately the costs to develop the reserves, the recoverable volumes of reserves, rates of future production and future
net cash flows attainable from the reserves; 

•

 the assumption of unknown liabilities, losses or costs for which the Company is not indemnified or for which the indemnity the Company receives is
inadequate; 

•

 the validity of assumptions about costs, including synergies; 

•

 the impact on the Company’s liquidity or financial leverage of using available cash or debt to finance acquisitions;

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; and 

•

 an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the Company’s growing business and assets.

All of these factors affect whether an acquisition will ultimately generate cash flows
sufficient to provide a suitable return on investment. Even though the Company performs a review of the properties it seeks to acquire that it believes is consistent with industry practices, such reviews are often limited in scope. As a result,
among other risks, the Company’s initial estimates of reserves may be subject to revision following an acquisition, which may materially and adversely affect the desired benefits of the acquisition. 

The Company may be unable to dispose of nonstrategic assets on attractive terms, and may be required to retain liabilities for
certain matters. 

The Company regularly reviews its property base for the purpose of identifying
nonstrategic assets, the disposition of which would increase capital resources available for other activities and create organizational and operational efficiencies. Various factors could materially affect the ability of the Company to dispose of
nonstrategic assets or complete announced dispositions, including the availability of purchasers willing to purchase the nonstrategic assets at prices acceptable to the Company. Sellers typically retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for
certain matters. The magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and ultimately may be material. Also, as is typical in divestiture transactions, third parties
may be unwilling to release the Company from guarantees or other credit support provided prior to the sale of the divested assets. As a result, after a sale, the Company may remain secondarily liable for the obligations guaranteed or supported to
the extent that the buyer of the assets fails to perform these obligations. 

The Company periodically evaluates its
goodwill for impairment and could be required to recognize noncash charges in the earnings of future periods. 

At December 31, 2011, the Company carried goodwill of $298.1 million associated with its United States reporting unit. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually during the third quarter using a
July 1 assessment date, and also whenever facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the Company’s goodwill may be impaired, requiring an estimate of the fair values of the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities.
Those assessments may be affected by (a) additional reserve adjustments both positive and negative, (b) results of drilling activities, (c) management’s outlook for commodity prices and costs and expenses, (d) changes in the
Company’s market capitalization, (e) changes in the Company’s weighted average cost of capital and (f) changes in income taxes related to the Company’s United States reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting
unit’s net assets is not sufficient to fully support the goodwill balance in the future, the Company will reduce the carrying value of goodwill for the impaired value, with a corresponding noncash charge to earnings in the period in which
goodwill is determined to be impaired. 

The Company’s gas processing operations are subject to operational risks,
which could result in significant damages and the loss of revenue. 

As of December 31, 2011, the
Company owned interests in four gas processing plants and ten treating facilities. The Company operates two of the gas processing plants and all ten of the treating facilities. There are significant risks associated with the operation of gas
processing plants. Gas and NGLs are volatile and explosive and may include carcinogens. Damage to or improper operation of a gas processing plant or facility could result in an explosion or the discharge of toxic gases, which could result in
significant damage claims in addition to interrupting a revenue source. 

19 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

The Company’s operations involve many operational risks, some of which could
result in substantial losses to the Company and unforeseen interruptions to the Company’s operations for which the Company may not be adequately insured. 

The Company’s operations, including well stimulation and completion activities, such as hydraulic fracturing, are
subject to all the risks normally incident to the oil and gas development and production business, including: 

•

 blowouts, cratering, explosions and fires; 

•

 adverse weather effects; 

•

 environmental hazards, such as gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline ruptures and discharges of toxic gases, brine, well stimulation and completion fluids
or other pollutants in to the surface and subsurface environment; 

•

 high costs, shortages or delivery delays of equipment, labor or other services; 

•

 facility or equipment malfunctions, failures or accidents; 

•

 title problems; 

•

 pipe or cement failures or casing collapses; 

•

 compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements; 

•

 lost or damaged oilfield workover and service tools; 

•

 unusual or unexpected geological formations or pressure or irregularities in formations; and 

•

 natural disasters. 

The Company’s overall exposure to operational risks may increase as its drilling activity expands and as it seeks to directly provide drilling, fracture stimulation and other services internally. Any
of these risks could result in substantial losses to the Company due to injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of wells, production facilities or other property, clean-up responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties and
suspension of operations. 

The Company is not fully insured against certain of the risks described above,
either because such insurance is not available or because of the high premium costs and deductibles associated with obtaining such insurance. Additionally, the Company relies to a large extent on facilities owned and operated by third-parties, and
damage to or destruction of those third-party facilities could affect the ability of the Company to produce, transport and sell its hydrocarbons. 

The Company’s expectations for future drilling activities will be realized over several years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of
such activities. 

The Company has identified drilling locations and prospects for future drilling
opportunities, including development, exploratory and infill drilling and enhanced recovery activities. These drilling locations and prospects represent a significant part of the Company’s future drilling plans. The Company’s ability to
drill and develop these locations depends on a number of factors, including the availability of capital, seasonal conditions, regulatory approvals, negotiation of agreements with third parties, commodity prices, costs, access to and availability of
equipment, services and personnel and drilling results. Because of these uncertainties, the Company cannot give any assurance as to the timing of these activities or that they will ultimately result in the realization of proved reserves or meet the
Company’s expectations for success. As such, the Company’s actual drilling and enhanced recovery activities may materially differ from the Company’s current expectations, which could have a significant adverse effect on the
Company’s proved reserves, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company may not be able to obtain
access to pipelines, gas gathering, transportation, storage and processing facilities to market its oil, NGL and gas production. 

The marketing of oil, NGL and gas production depends in large part on the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines and storage facilities, gas gathering systems and other transportation,
processing and refining facilities, as well as the existence of adequate markets. If there were insufficient capacity available on these systems, or if these systems were unavailable to the Company, the price offered for the Company’s
production could be significantly depressed, or the Company could be forced to shut in some production or delay or discontinue drilling plans and commercial production following a discovery of hydrocarbons while it constructs its own facility. The
Company also relies (and expects to rely in the future) on facilities developed and owned by third parties in order to store, process, transport and sell its oil, NGL and gas production. The Company’s plans to develop and sell its oil and gas
reserves could be materially and adversely affected by the inability or unwillingness of third parties to provide sufficient transportation, storage or processing facilities to the Company, especially in areas of planned expansion where such
facilities do not currently exist. 

20 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

The nature of the Company’s assets and operations exposes it to significant costs
and liabilities with respect to environmental and operational safety matters. 

The oil and gas business
involves the production, handling, sale and disposal of environmentally sensitive materials and is subject to environmental hazards such as oil spills, produced water spills, gas leaks and ruptures and discharges of substances or gases that could
expose the Company to substantial liability due to pollution and other environmental damage. A variety of United States federal, state and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations govern the environmental aspects of the oil and gas business.
Noncompliance with these laws and regulations may subject the Company to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remedial cleanups, and natural resource damages or other liabilities, and compliance with these laws and regulations may increase
the cost of the Company’s operations. Such laws and regulations may also affect the costs of acquisitions. See “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations — Environmental matters and regulations” above for
additional discussion related to environmental risks. 

No assurance can be given that existing or future
environmental laws will not result in a curtailment of production or processing activities, result in a material increase in the costs of production, development, exploration or processing operations or adversely affect the Company’s future
operations and financial condition. Pollution and similar environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. 

The
Company’s credit facility and debt instruments have substantial restrictions and financial covenants that may restrict its business and financing activities. 

The Company is a borrower under fixed rate senior notes, senior convertible notes and a credit facility. The terms of the
Company’s borrowings under the senior notes, senior convertible notes and the credit facility specify scheduled debt repayments and require the Company to comply with certain associated covenants and restrictions. The Company’s ability to
comply with the debt repayment terms, associated covenants and restrictions is dependent on, among other things, factors outside the Company’s direct control, such as commodity prices and interest rates. See Note E of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for information regarding the Company’s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2011 and the terms associated therewith. 

The Company’s ability to obtain additional financing is also affected by the Company’s debt credit ratings and
competition for available debt financing. 

21 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

The Company faces significant competition, and many of its competitors have
resources in excess of the Company’s available resources. 

The oil and gas industry is highly
competitive. The Company competes with a large number of companies, producers and operators in a number of areas such as: 

•

 seeking to acquire oil and gas properties suitable for development or exploration; 

•

 marketing oil, NGL and gas production; and 

•

 seeking to acquire the equipment and expertise, including trained personnel, necessary to evaluate, operate and develop properties.

Many of the Company’s competitors are larger and have substantially greater financial
and other resources than the Company. See “Item 1. Business — Competition, Markets and Regulations” for additional discussion regarding competition. 

The Company is subject to regulations that may cause it to incur substantial costs. 

The Company’s business is regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. For instance, the TCEQ recently adopted rules establishing new air emissions limitations
and permitting requirements for oil and gas activities in the Barnett Shale area, which may increase the cost and time associated with drilling wells in that area. In addition, in connection with the Company’s CBM operations in the Raton Basin
in Colorado, the Colorado Supreme Court affirmed a state water court holding that water produced in connection with CBM operations should be subject to state water-use regulations, including regulations requiring permits for diversion and use of
surface and subsurface water, an evaluation of potential competing permits, possible uses of the water and a possible requirement to provide augmentation water supplies for water rights owners with more senior rights. There can be no assurance that
present or future regulations will not adversely affect the Company’s business and operations, including that the Company may be required to suspend drilling operations or shut in production pending compliance. See “Item 1. Business —
Competition, Markets and Regulations” for additional discussion regarding government regulation. 

The
Company’s sales of oil, gas and NGLs, and any derivative activities related to such energy commodities, expose the Company to potential regulatory risks. 

FERC, the Federal Trade Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) hold statutory
authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities markets relevant to the Company’s business. These agencies have imposed broad regulations prohibiting fraud and manipulation of such markets. With regard to
the Company’s physical sales of oil, gas and NGLs, and any derivative activities related to these energy commodities, the Company is required to observe the market-related regulations enforced by these agencies, which hold substantial
enforcement authority. Failure to comply with such regulations, as interpreted and enforced, could materially and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

Estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not precise. The actual quantities and net cash flows of the
Company’s proved reserves may prove to be lower than estimated. 

Numerous uncertainties exist in
estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net cash flows therefrom. The estimates of proved reserves and related future net cash flows set forth in this Report are based on various assumptions, which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate.

Petroleum engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and gas that
cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including the following: 

•

 historical production from the area compared with production from other producing areas; 

•

 the quality and quantity of available data; 

•

 the interpretation of that data; 

•

 the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies; 

•

 assumptions concerning future commodity prices; and 

•

 assumptions concerning future operating costs, severance, ad valorem and excise taxes, development costs, transportation costs and workover and
remedial costs. 

22 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

Because all proved reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, each
of the following items may differ materially from those assumed in estimating proved reserves: 

•

 the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered; 

•

 the production costs incurred to recover the reserves; 

•

 the amount and timing of future development expenditures; and 

•

 future commodity prices. 

Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of proved reserves and cash flows based on the same available data. The Company’s actual production, revenues and expenditures
with respect to proved reserves will likely be different from estimates, and the differences may be material. 

As required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on average prices
preceding the date of the estimate and costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected by factors such as: 

•

 the amount and timing of actual production; 

•

 levels of future capital spending; 

•

 increases or decreases in the supply of or demand for oil, NGLs and gas; and 

•

 changes in governmental regulations or taxation. 

The Company reports all proved reserves held under concessions utilizing the “economic interest” method, which
excludes the host country’s share of proved reserves. Estimated quantities reported under the “economic interest” method are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices and recoverable operating expenses and capital costs. If costs
remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. 

Standardized Measure is a reporting convention that provides a common basis for comparing oil and gas companies subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In general, it requires the use of
commodity prices that are based upon a 12-month unweighted average, as well as operating and development costs being incurred at the end of the reporting period. Consequently, it may not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be
received for oil and gas production because of seasonal price fluctuations or other varying market conditions, nor may it reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or develop the oil and gas properties. Accordingly, estimates
included herein of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash flows that are ultimately received. In addition, the ten percent discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future
net cash flows for reporting purposes, may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with the Company or the oil and gas industry in general. Therefore, the estimates of
discounted future net cash flows or Standardized Measure in this Report should not be construed as accurate estimates of the current market value of the Company’s proved reserves. 

The Company’s actual production could differ materially from its forecasts. 

From time to time, the Company provides forecasts of expected quantities of future oil and gas production. These forecasts are based on a number of estimates, including expectations of production from
existing wells and the outcome of future drilling activity. Should these estimates prove inaccurate, actual production could be adversely affected. In addition, the Company’s forecasts assume that none of the risks associated with the
Company’s oil and gas operations summarized in this “Item 1A. Risk Factors” occur, such as facility or equipment malfunctions, adverse weather effects, or downturns in commodity prices or significant increases in costs, which
could make certain drilling activities or production uneconomical. 

A subsidiary of the Company acts as the general
partner of a publicly-traded limited partnership. As such, the subsidiary

’
s operations may involve a greater risk of liability than ordinary business operations.

A subsidiary of the Company acts as the general partner of Pioneer Southwest, a publicly-traded limited partnership
formed by the Company to own, develop and acquire oil and gas assets in its area of operations. As general partner, the subsidiary may be deemed to have undertaken fiduciary obligations to Pioneer Southwest.

23 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

Activities determined to involve fiduciary obligations to others typically involve a higher standard of conduct than ordinary business operations and therefore may involve a greater risk of
liability, particularly when a conflict of interest is found to exist. Any such liability may be material. 

The tax
treatment of Pioneer Southwest depends on its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes as well as its not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”) were to treat Pioneer Southwest as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or Pioneer Southwest becomes subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then the value of the Company’s
investment in Pioneer Southwest would be substantially reduced
. 

The Company currently owns a 52.4%
limited partner interest and a 0.1% general partner interest in Pioneer Southwest. The value of the Company’s investment in Pioneer Southwest depends largely on its being treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. A publicly
traded partnership may be treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes unless 90 percent or more of its gross income for every year is “qualifying income” under section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended. Pioneer Southwest has not requested and does not plan to request a ruling from the IRS with respect to its treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

A change in Pioneer Southwest’s business could cause it to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax
purposes. In addition, a change in current law may cause Pioneer Southwest to be treated as a corporation for such purposes. For example, members of United States Congress have from time to time considered substantive changes to the existing federal
income tax laws that would affect the tax treatment of certain publicly traded partnerships. Moreover, because of widespread state budget deficits, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the
imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. If Pioneer Southwest were subject to federal income tax as a corporation or any state was to impose a tax upon Pioneer Southwest, its cash available to pay distributions would be
reduced. Therefore, treatment of Pioneer Southwest as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to Pioneer Southwest’s unitholders, including the Company, and would likely cause a
substantial reduction in the value of the Company’s investment in Pioneer Southwest. 

Pioneer
Southwest’s partnership agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects it to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects it to entity-level taxation for federal, state or
local income tax purposes, the minimum quarterly distribution and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the effect of that law on Pioneer Southwest. 

The Company’s business could be negatively affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and other disruptions. 

As an oil and gas producer, the Company faces various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain
unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable; threats to the security of the Company’s facilities and infrastructure or third party facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants and pipelines;
and threats from terrorist acts. The potential for such security threats has subjected the Company’s operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. In particular, the Company’s
implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for the Company’s information, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. Moreover,
there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. If any of these security breaches were to occur, they could lead to losses of sensitive information, critical infrastructure
or capabilities essential to the Company’s operations and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s reputation, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are becoming more
sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or
otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. These events could damage the Company’s reputation and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability. 

24 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

A failure by purchasers of the Company’s production to perform their
obligations to the Company could require the Company to recognize a pre-tax charge in earnings and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operation. 

While the credit markets, the availability of credit and the equity markets have improved during 2010 and 2011, the
economic outlook for 2012 remains uncertain. To the extent that purchasers of the Company’s production rely on access to the credit or equity markets to fund their operations, there is a risk that those purchasers could default in their
contractual obligations to the Company if such purchasers were unable to access the credit or equity markets for an extended period of time. If for any reason the Company were to determine that it was probable that some or all of the accounts
receivable from any one or more of the purchasers of the Company’s production were uncollectible, the Company would recognize a pre-tax charge in the earnings of that period for the probable loss. 

Declining general economic, business or industry conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of
operations. 

Concerns over the worldwide economic outlook, geopolitical issues, the availability and
cost of credit and the United States mortgage and real estate markets have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy. These factors, combined with volatile commodity prices, declining business and
consumer confidence and increased unemployment resulted in a worldwide recession. While the worldwide economic outlook seems to be improving, concerns about global economic growth or government debt in the Eurozone or the United States could have a
significant adverse effect on global financial markets and commodity prices. If the economic climate in the United States or abroad were to deteriorate, demand for petroleum products could diminish, which could depress the prices at which the
Company could sell its oil, NGLs and gas and ultimately decrease the Company’s net revenue and profitability. 

Certain United States federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development may
be eliminated as a result of future legislation. 

In recent years, legislation has been proposed that
would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to United States tax laws, including elimination of certain key United States federal income tax incentives currently available to oil and gas companies. Such tax legislation changes include, but
are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for
certain domestic production activities and (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such
changes could become effective. The passage of this legislation or any other similar changes in United States federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to oil and gas
exploration and development, and any such change could negatively affect the value of an investment in the Company’s common stock. 

The adoption of climate change legislation by the United States Congress or regulation by the EPA could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil, NGLs and gas the Company
produces. 

During December 2009, the EPA officially published its findings that emissions of GHGs
present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on these findings, the EPA adopted two
sets of rules that regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the CAA, one of which requires a reduction in emissions of GHGs from motor vehicles and the other of which regulates emissions of GHGs from certain large stationary sources. The EPA has also
adopted rules requiring the reporting, on an annual basis, of greenhouse gas emissions from specified greenhouse gas emission sources in the United States, including petroleum refineries as well as certain oil and gas production facilities. The
Company is monitoring GHG emissions from its operations in accordance with the GHG emissions reporting rule and believes that its monitoring activities are in substantial compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 

In addition, the United States Congress has from time to time considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs
and almost one-half of the states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs primarily through the planned development of GHG emission inventories and/or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade programs
work by requiring major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. The number of allowances available for purchase is
reduced each year in an effort to achieve the overall GHG emission reduction goal. 

25 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions
of GHGs could require the Company to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements. Any such legislation or
regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for oil and gas, which could reduce the demand for the oil and gas the Company produces. Consequently, legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions
of GHGs could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth’s atmosphere
may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events. If any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations. See “Item 1. Business – Competition, Markets and Regulations.” 

The recent adoption of derivatives legislation by the United States Congress could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of
commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with its business. 

The United States
Congress recently adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as the Company, that participate in that market. The legislation,
known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”), was signed into law by the President in July 2010 and requires the CFTC and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations to implement the new legislation.
In December 2011, the CFTC extended temporary exemptive relief from certain regulations applicable to swaps until no later than July 16, 2012. In its rulemaking under the Act, the CFTC has issued final regulations to set position limits for
certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain bona fide derivative transactions would be exempt from these position limits. It is not possible at this time to predict when
the CFTC will make these regulations effective. The financial reform legislation may also require the Company to comply with margin requirements and with certain clearing and trade-execution requirements in connection with its derivatives
activities, although the application of those provisions to the Company is uncertain at this time. The financial reform legislation may also require the counterparties to the Company’s derivative instruments to spin off some of their
derivatives activities to a separate entity, which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparty. The legislation and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including through requirements to post
collateral which could adversely affect the Company’s available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks the Company encounters, reduce the Company’s
ability to monetize or restructure its existing derivative contracts, and increase the Company’s exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If the Company reduces its use of derivatives as a result of the legislation and regulations, the
Company’s results of operations may become more volatile and its cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Finally, the legislation was intended, in
part, to reduce the volatility of oil and gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and gas. The Company’s revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a
consequence of the legislation and regulations is to lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material, adverse effect on the Company, its financial condition and its results of operations. 

Federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and
additional operating restrictions or delays. 

Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice
that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight formations. The Company routinely utilizes hydraulic fracturing techniques in many of its drilling and completion programs. The process involves the injection of water, sand and
chemicals under pressure into rock formations to stimulate oil and gas production. The process is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions. The EPA, however, recently asserted federal regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing
involving diesels under the SDWA’s Underground Injection Control Program. Moreover, the EPA issued proposed rules in July 2011 that would subject oil and gas production activities to regulation under the NSPS air emissions program, including,
among other things, the implementation of standards for reduced emission completion techniques to be used during hydraulic fracturing activities. In addition, legislation has been introduced before the United States Congress to provide for federal
regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA and to require disclosure of the 

26 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

chemicals used in the fracturing process. At the state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well
construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. Nonetheless, if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where the Company operates, it could
incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells. 

In addition, certain governmental reviews are either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of
hydraulic fracturing practices. The White House Council on Environmental Quality is coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices, and a committee of the United States House of Representatives has conducted an
investigation of hydraulic fracturing practices. The EPA has commenced a study of the potential environmental effects of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water and groundwater, with initial results expected to be available by late 2012 and final
results by 2014. Moreover, the EPA is developing effluent limitations for the treatment and discharge of wastewater resulting from hydraulic fracturing activities and plans to propose these standards by 2014. Other governmental agencies, including
the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Department of the Interior, are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. These ongoing or proposed studies, depending on their degree of pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could
spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA or other regulatory mechanisms. 

Provisions of
the Company’s charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company’s common stock. 

Provisions in the Company’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing an
acquisition of the Company or a merger in which the Company is not the surviving company and may otherwise prevent or slow changes in the Company’s board of directors and management. In addition, because the Company is incorporated in Delaware,
it is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions could discourage an acquisition of the Company or other change in control transaction and thereby negatively affect the price that
investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company’s common stock. 

The Company is growing production
in areas of high industry activity, which may impact its ability to obtain the personnel, equipment, services, resources and facilities access needed to complete its development activities as planned or result in increased costs. 

The Company’s strategy is to expand drilling activity in areas in which industry activity has increased rapidly,
particularly in the Spraberry field area, the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas and the Barnett Shale Combo play in North Texas. As a result, demand for personnel, equipment, hydraulic fracturing services, proppant for fracture stimulation
operations, water and other services and resources, as well as access to transportation, processing and refining facilities in these areas has increased, as has the costs for those items. A delay or inability to secure the personnel, equipment,
services, resources and facilities access necessary for the Company to complete its development activities as planned could result in a rate of oil and gas production below the rate forecasted, and significant increases in costs would impact the
Company’s profitability. 

Laws and regulations pertaining to threatened and endangered species could delay or
restrict the Company’s operations and cause it to incur substantial costs. 

Various state and
federal statutes prohibit certain actions that adversely affect endangered or threatened species and their habitats, migratory birds, wetlands and natural resources. These statutes include the ESA, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the CWA and CERCLA.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may designate critical habitat and suitable habitat areas that it believes are necessary for survival of threatened or endangered species. A critical habitat or suitable habitat designation could result in
further material restrictions to federal land use and private land use and could delay or prohibit land access or oil and gas development. If harm to species or damages to wetlands, habitat or natural resources occur or may occur, government
entities, or at times private parties, may act to prevent oil and gas exploration or development activities or seek damages for harm to species, habitat or natural resources resulting from drilling or construction or releases of oil, wastes,
hazardous substances or other regulated materials, and may seek damages and, in some cases, criminal penalties. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service has proposed listing the Dunes Sagebrush Lizard as endangered under the ESA and expects to
make a final determination on the listing by June 2012. Some of the Company’s operations in the Permian Basin are located in or near areas that may potentially be designated as Dunes Sagebrush Lizard habitat. If the lizard is

27 

Table of Contents

PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES COMPANY 

classified as an endangered species, the Company’s operations in any area that is designated as the lizard’s habitat may be limited, delayed or, in some circumstances, prohibited, and
the Company may be required to comply with expensive mitigation measures intended to protect the lizard and its habitat.