should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. Given these uncertainties, we
caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts' expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions
to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Further, the information about our intentions
contained in this document is a statement of our intentions as of the date of this document and is based upon, among other things, the existing regulatory environment, industry conditions, market
conditions and prices, the economy in general and our assumptions as of such date. We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such factors, in our
assumptions or otherwise. 

 

 Risks Affecting Our Business 

 Increasing competition, including product substitution, continues to cause access line losses, which adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our operating
results and financial condition. 

        We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We are facing
greater competition from cable companies, wireless providers, resellers and sales agents (including ourselves) and facilities-based providers using their own networks as well as those leasing parts of
our network. In addition, regulatory developments over the past several years have generally increased competitive pressures on our business. Due to some of these and other factors, we continue to
lose access lines. 

        We
are continually evaluating our responses to these competitive pressures. Some of our more recent responses are product bundling and packaging and our continuing focus on customer
service. However, we may not be successful in these efforts. We may not be able to distinguish our service levels from those of our competitors, and we may not be successful in integrating our product
offerings, especially products for which we act as a reseller or sales agent, such as wireless services and video services. If these initiatives are unsuccessful or insufficient and we are otherwise
unable to sufficiently stem or offset our continuing access line losses and our revenue declines significantly without 

13

Table of Contents

corresponding
cost reductions, this could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as affect our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder
returns. 

 Unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 

        Unfavorable general economic conditions, including the current recession in the United States and the recent financial crisis affecting
the banking system and financial markets, could negatively affect our business. While it is often difficult for us to predict the impact of general economic conditions on our business, these
conditions could adversely affect the affordability of and consumer demand for some of our products and services and could cause customers to shift to lower priced products and services or to delay or
forgo purchases of our products and services. One or more of these circumstances could cause our revenue to decline. Also, our customers may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit, which
could affect their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we could be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, and the number of days outstanding for our
accounts receivable could increase. In addition, as discussed below under the heading "Risks Affecting our Liquidity," due to recent turmoil in the credit markets and the continued decline in the
economy, we may not be able to refinance maturing debt at terms that are as favorable as those from which we previously benefited, at terms that are acceptable to us or at all. For these reasons,
among others, if the current economic conditions persist or decline, this could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other
obligations and enhance shareholder returns. 

 Consolidation among participants in the telecommunications industry may allow our competitors to compete more effectively against us, which could adversely affect our
operating results and financial condition. 

        The telecommunications industry has experienced some consolidation, and several of our competitors have consolidated with other
telecommunications providers. This consolidation results in competitors that are larger and better financed and affords our competitors increased resources and greater geographical reach, thereby
enabling those competitors to compete more effectively against us. We have experienced and expect further increased pressures as a result of this consolidation and in turn have been and may continue
to be forced to respond with lower profit margin product offerings and pricing plans in an effort to retain and attract customers. These pressures could adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns. 

 Rapid changes in technology and markets could require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels, and any inability to respond
to those changes could reduce our market share and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

        The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, and our ability to execute our business plans and
compete depends upon our ability to develop and deploy new products and services, such as broadband, wireless, video and VoIP services. The development and deployment of new products and services
could also require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels. If we are not able to develop new products and services to keep pace with technological
advances, or if those products and services are not widely accepted by customers, our ability to compete could be adversely affected and our market share could decline. Any inability to keep up with
changes in technology and markets could also adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder
returns. 

14

Table of Contents

 Our reseller and sales agency arrangements expose us to a number of risks, one or more of which may adversely affect our business and operating results. 

        We rely on reseller and sales agency arrangements with other companies to provide some of the services that we sell to our customers,
including video services and wireless products and services. If we fail to extend or renegotiate these arrangements as they expire from time to time or if these other companies fail to fulfill their
contractual obligations to us or our customers, we may have difficulty finding alternative arrangements and our customers may experience disruptions to their services. In addition, as a reseller or
sales agent, we do not control the availability, retail price, design, function, quality, reliability, customer service or branding of these products and services, nor do we directly control all of
the marketing and promotion of these products and services. To the extent that these other companies make decisions that negatively impact our ability to market and sell their products and services,
our business plans and goals and our reputation could be negatively impacted. If these reseller and sales agency arrangements are unsuccessful due to one or more of these risks, our business and
operating results may be adversely affected. 

 Third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights, and defending against these claims could adversely affect our profit margins and our ability to
conduct business. 

        From time to time, we receive notices from third parties or are named in lawsuits filed by third parties claiming we have infringed or
are infringing upon their intellectual
property rights. We may receive similar notices or be involved in similar lawsuits in the future. Responding to these claims may require us to expend significant time and money defending our use of
affected technology, may require us to enter into licensing agreements requiring royalty payments that we would not otherwise have to pay or may require us to pay damages. If we are required to take
one or more of these actions, our profit margins may decline. In addition, in responding to these claims, we may be required to stop selling or redesign one or more of our products or services, which
could significantly and adversely affect the way we conduct business. 

 Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

 Any adverse outcome of the securities-related matters pending against us, including the KPNQwest litigation, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
and operating results, on the trading price of our debt and equity securities and on our ability to access the capital markets. 

        As described in "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this report, the securities-related matters, including the KPNQwest matters,
present material and significant risks to us. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in the KPNQwest matters seek billions of dollars in damages. In addition, the outcome of one or more of these matters
could have a negative impact on the outcomes of the other matters. We continue to defend against these matters vigorously and are currently unable to provide any estimate as to the timing of their
resolution. In addition, the ultimate resolution of the objections by Messrs. Nacchio and Woodruff to the decision approving the Qwest settlement of the consolidated securities action is
uncertain and could result in the payment of additional monies by us in connection with indemnification claims by Messrs. Nacchio and Woodruff if the proposed settlement of the claims of the
putative class against Messrs. Nacchio and Woodruff is not implemented. 

        We
can give no assurance as to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition that may ultimately result from these matters. The ultimate outcomes of these matters are still
uncertain, and substantial settlements or judgments in these matters could have a significant impact on us. The magnitude of such settlements or judgments resulting from these matters could materially
and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to meet our debt obligations, potentially impacting our credit ratings, our ability to access capital markets and our compliance with debt
covenants. In addition, the magnitude of any such settlements or judgments may cause us to draw down significantly on our cash 

15

Table of Contents

balances,
which might force us to obtain additional financing or explore other methods to generate cash. Such methods could include issuing additional securities or selling assets. 

        Further,
there are other material proceedings pending against us as described in "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this report that, depending on their outcome, may have a material
adverse effect on our financial position. Thus, we can give no assurances as to the impacts on our operating results or financial condition as a result of these matters. 

 We operate in a highly regulated industry and are therefore exposed to restrictions on our manner of doing business and a variety of claims relating to such regulation. 

        We are subject to significant state and federal regulation. Interstate communications (including international communications that
originate or terminate in the U.S.) are regulated by the FCC pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, and other laws. Intrastate communications are
regulated by state utilities commissions pursuant to state utility laws. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from the FCC and regulatory bodies in most states where we
offer regulated services and must obtain prior regulatory approval of rates, terms and conditions for regulated services, where required. We are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed,
requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The
agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions based on customer complaints or on their own initiative. See additional information
about regulations affecting our business in "Business—Regulation" in Item 1 of this report. 

        Regulation
of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from state to state. A number of state legislatures and state
utility commissions have adopted reduced or modified forms of regulation for retail services. These changes also generally allow more flexibility for rate changes and for new product introduction, and
they enhance our ability to respond to competition. At the same time, some of the changes at both the state and federal level may have the potential effect of reducing some regulatory protections,
including having FCC-approved tariffs that include rates, terms and conditions. Despite these regulatory
changes, a substantial portion of our local voice services revenue remains subject to FCC and state utility commission pricing regulation, which could expose us to unanticipated price declines. The
FCC is considering changing the rates that carriers can charge each other for originating, carrying and terminating traffic and for local access facilities. Also under review by the FCC and state
commissions are the intercarrier compensation issues arising from the delivery of traffic destined for entities that offer conference and chat line services for free (known in the industry as "access
stimulation," or "traffic pumping"), and of traffic bound for Internet service providers that cross local exchange boundaries (known as "VNXX traffic"). There can be no assurance that future
regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our
compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations. 

        All
of our operations are also subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other governmental regulations. We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local
regulations governing the management, discharge and disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials. Although we believe that we are in compliance with these regulations, our management,
discharge or disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials might expose us to claims or actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

16

Table of Contents

 Risks Affecting Our Liquidity 

 Our high debt levels pose risks to our viability and may make us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions, as well as other adverse developments. 

        We continue to carry significant debt. As of December 31, 2008, our consolidated debt was approximately $13.7 billion.
Approximately $5.1 billion of our debt obligations comes due over the next three years. This amount includes $1.265 billion of our 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (referred to as
our 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes), which we may elect to redeem at any time on or after November 20, 2010 and holders may require us to repurchase for cash on November 15, 2010. In
addition, holders of these 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes may also elect to convert the principal of their notes into cash during periods when specified, market-based conversion requirements are met.
While we currently believe we will have the financial resources to meet our
obligations when they come due, we cannot fully anticipate the future condition of our company, the credit markets or the economy generally. We may have unexpected costs and liabilities, and we may
have limited access to financing. In addition, we have $193 million of potential stock repurchases remaining under our previously disclosed stock repurchase program, and it is the current
expectation of our Board of Directors that we will continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend. Cash used by us to purchase our common stock or to pay dividends will not be available for other purposes,
including the repayment of debt. 

        We
may periodically need to obtain financing in order to meet our debt obligations as they come due. Due to recent turmoil in the credit markets and the continued decline in the economy,
we may not be able to refinance maturing debt at terms that are as favorable as those from which we previously benefited, at terms that are acceptable to us or at all. We may also need to obtain
additional financing or investigate other methods to generate cash (such as further cost reductions or the sale of assets) if revenue and cash provided by operations decline, if economic conditions
continue to weaken, if competitive pressures increase, if holders of the 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes elect to convert their notes because market-based conversion provisions are met or require us to
repurchase their notes for cash on November 15, 2010, if we are required to contribute a material amount of cash to our pension or other post-retirement benefit plans or if we
become subject to significant judgments or settlements in one or more of the matters discussed in "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this report. We can give no assurance that this additional
financing will be available on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Also, we may be impacted by factors relating to or affecting our liquidity and capital resources due to perception in the
market, impacts on our credit ratings or provisions in our financing agreements that may restrict our flexibility under certain conditions. 

        Our
$850 million revolving credit facility (referred to as the Credit Facility), which is currently undrawn, has a cross payment default provision, and the Credit Facility and
certain of our other debt issues have cross acceleration provisions. When present, these provisions could have a wider impact on liquidity than might otherwise arise from a default or acceleration of
a single debt instrument. Any such event could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or access the capital markets and could adversely impact our credit ratings. In addition, the Credit
Facility contains various limitations, including a restriction on using any proceeds from the facility to pay settlements or judgments relating to the securities-related actions discussed in "Legal
Proceedings" in Item 3 of this report. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—Near-Term View" in Item 7 of this report for additional information about the Credit
Facility. 

        Our
high debt levels could adversely impact our credit ratings. Additionally, the degree to which we are leveraged may have other important limiting consequences, including the
following: 

•

placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared with our less leveraged competitors; 

•

making us more vulnerable to downturns in general economic conditions or in any of our businesses; 

17

Table of Contents 

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
and 

•

impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or general
corporate purposes. 

 We may be unable to significantly reduce the substantial capital requirements or operating expenses necessary to continue to operate our business, which may in turn affect
our operating results. 

        The industry in which we operate is capital intensive, and we anticipate that our capital requirements will continue to be significant
in the coming years. Although we have reduced our operating expenses over the past few years, we may be unable to further significantly reduce these costs, even if revenue in some areas of our
business is decreasing. While we believe that
our planned level of capital expenditures will meet both our maintenance and our core growth requirements going forward, this may not be the case if circumstances underlying our expectations change. 

 Adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with our employee benefit plans could negatively impact our liquidity and stockholders' equity balance. 

        We maintain a qualified pension plan, a non-qualified pension plan and post-retirement benefit plans. The
funded status of these plans is the difference between the value of all plan assets and benefit obligations under these plans. The process of calculating benefit obligations is complex. Adverse
changes in interest rates or market conditions, among other assumptions and factors, could cause a significant increase in our benefit obligations or a significant decrease in the value of plan
assets. With respect to our qualified pension plan, adverse changes could require us to contribute a material amount of cash to the plan or could accelerate the timing of any required cash payments.
We are not required to make any cash contributions before 2010. However, given the significant decline in the value of plan assets in 2008, based on current actuarial analyses and forecasts we may be
required to make cash contributions in the range of $0 to $300 million in 2010 and can give no assurances that we will not be required to make additional cash contributions after 2010. Future
material cash contributions, if any, could have a negative impact on our liquidity by reducing our cash flows. 

        In
addition, our consolidated balance sheets indirectly reflect the value of all plan assets and benefit obligations under these plans. The accounting for employee benefit plans is
complex, and significant increases in our benefit obligations or significant decreases of the value of plan assets can occur without necessarily impacting our net income in the short term. In
addition, our benefit obligations could increase significantly if we need to unfavorably revise the assumptions we used to calculate the obligations. The value of plan assets was several times larger
than our stockholders' equity as of December 31, 2007. However, asset values decreased significantly in 2008, which caused our previous stockholders' equity position to become a deficit
position as of December 31, 2008. Stockholders' equity or deficit is one of several measures used by certain customers and vendors, among others, to evaluate a company's financial condition. As
such, our current stockholders' deficit position or any future increases in our stockholders' deficit could adversely impact our competitiveness in obtaining favorable purchase arrangements and make
it more challenging to compete for certain sales contracts, among other things. 

 Our debt agreements allow us to incur significantly more debt, which could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

        The terms of our debt instruments permit us to incur additional indebtedness. Additional debt may be necessary for many reasons,
including to adequately respond to competition, to comply with regulatory requirements related to our service obligations or for financial reasons alone. Incremental borrowings or borrowings at
maturity on terms that impose additional financial risks to our various 

18

Table of Contents

efforts
to improve our operating results and financial condition could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

 If we pursue and are involved in any strategic transactions, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 

        On a regular and ongoing basis, we review and evaluate opportunities for acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions
that could be beneficial. As a result, we may be involved in negotiations or discussions that, if they were to result in a transaction, could have a material effect on our financial condition
(including short-term or long-term liquidity) or short-term or long-term operating results. 

        Should
we make an error in judgment when identifying strategic transaction partners or fail to successfully execute any strategic transaction, we will likely fail to realize the benefits
we intended to derive from the strategic transaction and may suffer other adverse consequences. Strategic transactions may involve a number of other risks, including: 

•

incurrence of substantial transaction costs; 

•

diversion of management's attention from operating our existing business; 

•

failure to successfully integrate any acquired operations; 

•

charges to earnings in the event of any write-down or write-off of goodwill recorded in connection
with strategic transactions; 

•

depletion of our cash resources or incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund strategic transactions; 

•

an adverse impact on our tax position; 

•

assumption of liabilities of any acquired business (including unforeseen liabilities); and 

•

imposition of additional regulatory obligations by federal or state regulators. 

        We
can give no assurance that we would be able to successfully complete any strategic transactions. 

 Other Risks Relating to Qwest 

 If conditions or assumptions differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and
related disclosures could be affected. 

        The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies,
which are discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in Item 7 of this report,
describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that are considered "critical" because they require judgments, assumptions
and estimates that materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions
and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

19

Table of Contents

 Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

        As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, as well as state and
local tax authorities. These audits could subject us to tax liabilities if adverse positions are taken by these tax authorities. 

        In
June 2006, we received notices of proposed adjustments on several significant issues for the 2002 through 2003 audit cycle, including a proposed adjustment disallowing a loss relating
to the sale of our DEX directory publishing business. We have reached tentative settlements with the IRS on several of these issues, including the DEX sale. These settlements have been approved by the
IRS and are now subject to review by the United States Congress Joint Committee on Taxation. There is no assurance that these settlements will ultimately be effected in accordance with our
expectations. 

        In
April 2008, we received from the IRS proposed adjustments on several issues for the 2004 and 2005 audit cycle. Based on our evaluation of the IRS's positions reflected in the proposed
adjustments, we have not recorded a material adjustment of our unrecognized tax benefits. However, there can be no assurance that we and the IRS will reach settlements on any of these issues or that,
if we do reach settlements, the terms will be favorable to us. 

        Because
prior to 1999 we were a member of affiliated groups filing consolidated U.S. federal income tax returns, we could be severally liable for tax examinations and adjustments not
directly applicable to current members of the Qwest affiliated group. Tax sharing agreements have been executed between us and previous affiliates, and we believe the liabilities, if any, arising from
adjustments to previously filed returns would be borne by the affiliated group member determined to have a deficiency under the terms and conditions of such agreements and applicable tax law. We have
not generally provided for liabilities attributable to former affiliated companies or for claims they have asserted or may assert against us. 

        We
believe that we have adequately provided for tax contingencies. However, our tax audits and examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have
recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Because the ultimate outcomes of all of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more of
them will have a material effect on our financial results or our net operating loss carryforwards. 

 If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were to engage
in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

        We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions, which represent a significant number of our employees. Our
current four-year agreements with the CWA and the IBEW expire on October 6, 2012. Although we believe that our relations with our employees and unions are satisfactory, no assurance
can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to time. The impact of future negotiations, including changes in
wages and benefit levels, could have a material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if significant disputes with our unions
arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

20

Table of Contents

 The trading price of our securities has been and could continue to be volatile. 

        The capital markets often experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. The overall market and the trading price of our securities
may fluctuate greatly. The
trading price of our securities may be significantly affected by various factors, including: 

•

quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

changes in investors' and analysts' perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; 

•

broader market fluctuations; 

•

general economic or political conditions; 

•

acquisitions and financings including the issuance of substantial number of shares of our common stock as consideration in
acquisitions; 

•

the high concentration of shares owned by a few investors; 

•

sale of a substantial number of shares held by the existing shareholders in the public market, including shares issued
upon exercise of outstanding options or upon the conversion of our convertible notes; and 

•

general conditions in the telecommunications industry.