Risks Affecting
Our Business 

Increasing competition, including product
substitution, continues to cause access line losses, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We are facing greater competition in
our core local business from cable companies, wireless providers (including ourselves), facilities-based providers using their own networks as well as those leasing parts of our 

12 

Table of Contents

network (UNEs), and resellers. As a reseller of wireless services, we face risks that facility based wireless providers do not have. In addition, regulatory
developments over the past few years have generally increased competitive pressures on our business. Due to these and other factors, we continue to lose access lines and are experiencing pressure on profit margins. 

We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors by providing new or
expanded services such as in-region long-distance, high-speed Internet, wireless, video and VoIP, bundling of expanded feature-rich products and improving the quality of our customer service. However, we may not be successful in these efforts. We
may not have sufficient resources to distinguish our service levels from those of our competitors, and we may not be successful in integrating our product offerings, especially products for which we act as a reseller, such as wireless services and
satellite video services. Even if we are successful, these initiatives may not be sufficient to offset our continuing loss of access lines. If these initiatives are unsuccessful or insufficient and our revenue declines significantly without
corresponding cost reductions, this will cause a significant deterioration to our results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect our ability to service debt and pay other obligations. 

Consolidation among participants in the telecommunications industry may allow our
competitors to compete more effectively against us, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

The telecommunications industry is experiencing an ongoing trend towards consolidation, and several of our competitors have consolidated with other
telecommunications providers. This trend may result in competitors that are larger and better financed and may afford our competitors increased resources and greater geographical reach, thereby enabling such competitors to compete more effectively
against us. We have begun to experience and expect further increased pressures as a result of this trend and in turn have been and may continue to be forced to respond with lower profit margin product offerings and pricing plans in an effort to
retain and attract customers. These pressures could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

Rapid changes in technology and markets could require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels, and any inability
to respond to those changes could reduce our market share. 

The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, and our ability to execute our business plans and compete depends upon our ability to develop and deploy new products and services, such as broadband data,
wireless, video and VoIP services. The development and deployment of new products and services could require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels. If we are not able to develop new products and
services to keep pace with technological advances, or if such products and services are not widely accepted by customers, our ability to compete could be adversely affected and our market share could decline. Any inability to keep up with changes in
technology and markets could also adversely affect the trading price of our securities and our ability to service our debt. 

Third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights, and defending against these claims could adversely affect our profit margins and our
ability to conduct business. 

From time to time, we
receive notices from third parties claiming we have or are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. We may receive similar notices in the future. Responding to these claims may require us to expend significant time and money defending our
use of affected technology, may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on less favorable terms than we could otherwise obtain or may require us to pay damages. If we are required to take one or more of these actions, our profit
margins may decline. In addition, in responding to these claims, we may be required to stop selling or redesign one or more of our products or services, which could significantly and adversely affect the way we conduct business. 

13 

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

Any adverse outcome of the investigation currently being conducted by the DOJ or the
material litigation pending against us, including the securities actions, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results, on the trading price of our debt and equity securities and on our ability to access the
capital markets. 

The DOJ investigation and the
remaining securities actions described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report present material and significant risks to us. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in the remaining securities actions seek billions of dollars in
damages, and the outcome of one or more of these actions or the DOJ investigation could have a negative impact on the outcomes of the other actions. Further, the size, scope and nature of the restatements of our consolidated financial statements for
2001 and 2000, which are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, affect the risks presented by these actions and the DOJ investigation, as these matters involve, among other things, our prior
accounting practices and related disclosures. Plaintiffs in certain of the securities actions have alleged our restatement of items in support of their claims. We continue to defend against the remaining securities actions vigorously and are
currently unable to provide any estimate as to the timing of their resolution. 

We can give no assurance as to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition that may ultimately result from all of these matters. We have recorded reserves in our financial statements representing the
minimum estimated amount of loss we believe is probable with respect to the securities actions. However, the ultimate outcomes of these matters are still uncertain and the amount of loss we ultimately incur could be substantially more than the
reserves we have provided. If the recorded reserves are insufficient, we will need to record additional charges to our consolidated statement of operations in future periods. In addition, any settlement of or judgment in one or more of these actions
substantially in excess of our recorded reserves could have a significant impact on us, and we can give no assurance that we will have the resources available to pay any such judgment. The magnitude of any settlement or judgment resulting from these
matters could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our debt obligations and our financial condition, potentially impacting our credit ratings, our ability to access capital markets and our compliance with debt covenants. In addition,
the magnitude of any settlement or judgment may cause us to draw down significantly on our cash balances, which might force us to obtain additional financing or explore other methods to generate cash. Such methods could include issuing additional
securities or selling assets. 

Further, there exist other
material proceedings pending against us as described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report, which, depending on their outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. Thus, we can give no assurances as
to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition as a result of these matters. 

Current or future civil or criminal actions against our former officers and employees could reduce investor confidence and cause the trading price for our securities to decline. 

As a result of our past accounting issues, investor confidence in us has
suffered and could suffer further. Although we have consummated a settlement with the SEC concerning its investigation of us, in March 2005, the SEC filed suit against our former chief executive officer, Joseph Nacchio, two of our former chief
financial officers, Robert Woodruff and Robin Szeliga, and other former officers and employees. In December 2005, a criminal indictment was filed against Mr. Nacchio charging him with 42 counts of insider trading. In July 2005,
Ms. Szeliga pleaded guilty to a criminal charge of insider trading. In December 2005, Marc Weisberg, a former Qwest executive, pleaded guilty to a criminal charge of wire fraud. Other former officers or employees have entered into settlements
with the SEC involving civil fraud or other claims in which they neither admitted nor denied the allegations against them. 

A trial could take place in the pending SEC lawsuit against Mr. Nacchio and others and in connection with the criminal charges against
Mr. Nacchio. Evidence introduced at such trials and in other matters may result in 

14 

Table of Contents

further scrutiny by governmental authorities and others. The existence of this heightened scrutiny could adversely affect investor confidence and cause the
trading price for our securities to decline. 

We operate in a highly
regulated industry, and are therefore exposed to restrictions on our manner of doing business and a variety of claims relating to such regulation. 

Our operations are subject to significant federal regulation, including the Communications Act and FCC regulations thereunder. We are also subject to the
applicable laws and regulations of various states, including regulation by PUCs and other state agencies. Federal laws and FCC regulations generally apply to regulated interstate telecommunications (including international telecommunications that
originate or terminate in the United States), while state regulatory authorities generally have jurisdiction over regulated telecommunications services that are intrastate in nature. The local competition aspects of the Telecommunications Act are
subject to FCC rulemaking, but the state regulatory authorities play a significant role in implementing those FCC rules. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from regulatory bodies in most states where we offer regulated
services and must obtain prior regulatory approval of rates, terms and conditions for our intrastate services, where required. Our businesses are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules
and regulations. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or
actions based on their own perceptions of our conduct, or based on customer complaints. See “Business—Regulation” in Item 1 of this report for further information about regulations affecting our business. 

Regulation of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the
regulatory environment varies substantially from state to state. Recently a number of state legislatures and state PUCs adopted reduced or modified forms of regulation for retail services. This is generally beneficial to us because it reduces
regulatory costs and regulatory filing and reporting requirements. These changes also generally allow more flexibility for new product introduction and enhance our ability to respond to competition. At the same time, some of the changes, occurring
at both the state and federal level, may have the potential effect of reducing some regulatory protections, including having FCC-approved tariffs that include rates, terms and conditions. These changes may necessitate the need for customer-specific
contracts to address matters previously covered in our tariffs. Despite these regulatory changes, a substantial portion of our local voice services revenue remains subject to FCC and state PUC pricing regulation, which could expose us to
unanticipated price declines. There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with
regard to our compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations. 

All of our operations are also subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other governmental regulations. We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local regulations governing the discharge and disposal of hazardous
and environmentally sensitive materials, including the emission of electromagnetic radiation. Although we believe that we are in compliance with such regulations, any such discharge, disposal or emission might expose us to claims or actions that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Affecting Our Liquidity 

Our high debt levels pose risks to our viability and may make us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions, as well as other adverse developments. 

We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2005, our total debt was
approximately $15.5 billion. Approximately $2.1 billion of our debt obligations comes due over the next three years. While we currently believe we will have the financial resources to meet our obligations when they come due, we cannot
anticipate what our future condition will be. We may have unexpected costs and liabilities and we may have limited access to financing. 

15 

Table of Contents

We may periodically need to obtain financing in order to meet our debt obligations as they come due. We
may also need to obtain additional financing or investigate other methods to generate cash (such as further cost reductions or the sale of assets) if revenue and cash provided by operations decline, if economic conditions weaken, if competitive
pressures increase or if we become subject to significant judgments, settlements and/or tax payments as further discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Item 7 of this report. We can give no assurance that such additional financing will be available on terms that are acceptable. Also, we may be impacted
by factors relating to or affecting our liquidity and capital resources due to perception in the market, impacts on our credit ratings or provisions in our financing agreements that may restrict our flexibility under certain conditions. 

In October 2005, our wholly owned subsidiary, Qwest Services Corporation,
replaced its preexisting three-year $750 million revolving credit facility with a new five-year $850 million revolving credit facility (referred to as the 2005 QSC Credit Facility). The facility is currently undrawn. The 2005 QSC Credit Facility has
a cross payment default provision, and the 2005 QSC Credit Facility and certain of our other debt issues have cross acceleration provisions. When present, such provisions could have a wider impact on liquidity than might otherwise arise from a
default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. Any such event could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or access the capital markets and could adversely impact our credit ratings. In addition, the 2005 QSC Credit Facility
contains various limitations, including a restriction on using any proceeds from the facility to pay settlements or judgments relating to the DOJ investigation and securities actions discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this
report. 

Our high debt levels could adversely impact our credit
ratings. Additionally, the degree to which we are leveraged may have other important limiting consequences, including the following: 

•

placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared with our less leveraged competitors; 

•

making us more vulnerable to downturns in general economic conditions or in any of our businesses; 

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 

•

impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes. 

We may be unable to significantly reduce the substantial capital requirements or
operating expenses necessary to continue to operate our business, which may in turn affect our operating results. 

The industry in which we operate is capital intensive, and as such we anticipate that our capital requirements will continue to be significant in the
coming years. Although we have reduced our capital expenditures and operating expenses over the past year, we may be unable to further significantly reduce these costs, even if revenue is decreasing. While we believe that our current level of
capital expenditures will meet both our maintenance and our core growth requirements going forward, this may not be the case if circumstances underlying our expectations change. 

Declines in the value of qualified pension plan assets, or unfavorable changes in laws or regulations that govern pension plan
funding, could require us to provide significant amounts of funding for our qualified pension plan. 

While we do not expect to be required to make material cash contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plan in the near term based upon
current actuarial analyses and forecasts, a significant decline in the value of qualified pension plan assets in the future or unfavorable changes in laws or regulations that govern pension plan funding could materially change the timing and amount
of required pension funding. As a result, we may be required to fund our qualified defined benefit pension plan with cash from operations, perhaps by a material amount. Also, recognition of an additional minimum liability caused by changes in
pension plan assets 

16 

Table of Contents

or measurement of the accumulated benefit obligation could have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheet. As an example, if our accumulated
benefit obligation exceeds pension plan assets in the future, the impact would be to eliminate our prepaid pension asset, which was $1.165 billion as of December 31, 2005, and record a pension liability for the amount that our accumulated
benefit obligation exceeds pension plan assets with a corresponding charge to other comprehensive loss, thereby increasing stockholders’ deficit. Alternatively, we could make a voluntary contribution to the plan so that the qualified pension
plan assets exceed the accumulated benefit obligation. As of December 31, 2005, our qualified pension plan assets exceed our accumulated benefit obligation by $596 million. 

Our debt agreements allow us to incur significantly more debt, which could exacerbate the other risks described herein.

The terms of our debt instruments permit us to incur
additional indebtedness. Such additional debt may be necessary for many reasons, including to adequately respond to competition, to comply with regulatory requirements related to our service obligations or for financial reasons alone. Incremental
borrowings or borrowings at maturity on terms that impose additional financial risks to our various efforts to improve our financial condition and results of operations could exacerbate the other risks described herein. 

If we pursue and are involved in any business combinations, our financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

On a regular and ongoing
basis, we review and evaluate other businesses and opportunities for business combinations that would be strategically beneficial. As a result, we may be involved in negotiations or discussions that, if they were to result in a transaction, could
have a material effect on our financial condition (including short-term or long-term liquidity) or short-term or long-term results of operations. 

Should we make an error in judgment when identifying an acquisition candidate, or should we fail to successfully integrate acquired operations, we will
likely fail to realize the benefits we intended to derive from the acquisition and may suffer other adverse consequences. Acquisitions involve a number of other risks, including: 

•

incurrence of substantial transaction costs; 

•

diversion of management’s attention from operating our existing business; 

•

charges to earnings in the event of any write-down or write-off of goodwill recorded in connection with acquisitions; 

•

depletion of our cash resources or incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund acquisitions; 

•

an adverse impact on our tax position; and 

•

assumption of liabilities of an acquired business (including unforeseen liabilities). 

We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions. 

Other Risks Relating to Qwest 

If conditions or assumptions differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used
in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected. 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP,
requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are described in this document, describe those
significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that are considered “critical” because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially impact our consolidated
financial 

17 

Table of Contents

statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical
accounting policies, such events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits
from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, as well as from state and local tax authorities. These audits could subject us to risks due to adverse positions that may be taken by these tax authorities. Please see “Legal Proceedings” in
Item 3 of this report for examples of legal proceedings involving some of these adverse positions. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2004, Qwest received notices of proposed adjustments on several significant issues for the 1998-2001 audit
cycle. Certain of these proposed adjustments are before the Appeals Office of the IRS. There is no assurance that we and the IRS will achieve settlements on these issues or that, if we do achieve settlements, the terms will be favorable to us.
Additionally, the IRS indicated in January 2005 that it is reviewing Qwest’s tax treatment of the sale of its DEX directory publishing business in the 2002-2003 audit cycle. 

Because prior to 1999 Qwest was a member of affiliated groups filing consolidated U.S. federal income tax returns, we could
be severally liable for tax examinations and adjustments not directly applicable to current members of the Qwest affiliated group. Tax sharing agreements have been executed between us and previous affiliates, and we believe the liabilities, if any,
arising from adjustments to tax liability would be borne by the affiliated group member determined to have a deficiency under the terms and conditions of such agreements and applicable tax law. We have not provided in our financial statements for
any liability of former affiliated members or for claims they have asserted or may assert against us. 

While we believe our tax reserves adequately provide for the associated tax contingencies, Qwest’s tax audits and examinations may result in tax
liabilities that differ materially from those we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Also, the ultimate outcomes of all of these matters are uncertain, and we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more
of them will have a material effect on our financial results, including potentially offsetting a significant portion of our existing net operating losses. 

If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were
to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions, which represent a significant number of our employees. In August 2005, we
reached agreements with the CWA and the IBEW on three-year labor agreements. Each of these agreements was ratified by union members and expires on August 16, 2008. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, no
assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to time. The impact of future negotiations, including changes in wages and benefit levels, could have a
material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher
ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The trading price of our securities could be volatile. 

In recent years, the capital markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. The overall market and the trading price of our securities
may fluctuate greatly. The trading price of our securities may be significantly affected by various factors, including: 

•

quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

changes in investors’ and analysts’ perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

broader market fluctuations; 

•

general economic or political conditions; 

•

acquisitions and financings including the issuance of substantial number of shares of our common stock as consideration in acquisitions; 

•

sale of a substantial number of shares held by the existing shareholders in the public market, including shares issued upon exercise of outstanding options or upon the conversion of
our convertible notes; and 

•

general conditions in the telecommunications industry.