Risks Affecting Our Business 

Increasing competition, including product substitution, continues to cause access line losses, which has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We are facing greater
competition from cable companies, wireless providers, resellers and sales agents (including ourselves) and facilities-based providers using their own networks as well as those leasing parts of our network. In addition, regulatory developments over
the past several years have generally increased competitive pressures on our business. Due to some of these and other factors, we continue to lose access lines. 

We are continually evaluating our responses to these competitive pressures. Some of our more recent responses are expanded broadband capabilities and strategic partnerships. We also remain focused on
customer service and providing customers with simple and integrated solutions, including, among other things, product bundles and packages. However, we may not be successful in these efforts. We may not be able to distinguish our offerings and
service levels from those of our competitors, and we may not be successful in integrating our product offerings, especially products for which we act as a reseller or sales agent such as wireless and video services. If these initiatives are
unsuccessful or insufficient, we are otherwise unable to sufficiently stem or offset our continuing access line losses and our revenue declines significantly without corresponding cost reductions, this would adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns. 

Unfavorable
general economic conditions in the United States could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 

Unfavorable general economic conditions, including the unstable economy and the current credit market environment, could negatively affect our business. While it is often difficult for us to predict the impact of general economic conditions
on our business, these conditions could adversely affect the affordability of and consumer demand for some of our products and services and could cause customers to shift to lower priced products and services or to delay or forgo purchases of our
products and services. One or more of these circumstances could cause our revenue to decline. Also, our customers may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit, which could affect their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to
occur, we could be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, and the number of days outstanding for our accounts receivable could increase. In addition, as discussed below under the heading “Risks Affecting our Liquidity,”
due to the unstable economy and the current credit market environment, we may not be able to refinance maturing debt at terms that are as favorable as those from which we previously benefited, at terms that are acceptable to us or at all. For these
reasons, among others, if the current economic conditions persist or decline, this could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns.

Consolidation among participants in the telecommunications industry may allow our competitors to compete more effectively against us,
which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

The telecommunications industry has
experienced some consolidation, and several of our competitors have consolidated with other telecommunications providers. This consolidation results in competitors that are larger and better financed and affords our competitors increased resources
and greater geographical reach, thereby enabling those competitors to compete more effectively against us. We have experienced and expect further increased pressures as a result of this consolidation and in turn have been and may continue to be
forced to respond with lower profit margin product offerings and pricing plans in an effort to retain and attract customers. These pressures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to service
debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns. 

13 

Table of Contents

Rapid changes in technology and markets could require substantial expenditure of financial and other
resources in excess of contemplated levels, and any inability to respond to those changes could reduce our market share and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, and our ability to execute our business plans and compete
depends upon our ability to develop and deploy new products and services. The development and deployment of new products and services could also require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels. If we
are not able to develop new products and services to keep pace with technological advances, or if those products and services are not widely accepted by customers, our ability to compete could be adversely affected and our market share could
decline. Any inability to keep up with changes in technology and markets could also adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to service debt, pay other obligations and enhance shareholder returns.

Our reseller and sales agency arrangements expose us to a number of risks, one or more of which may adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

We rely on reseller and sales agency arrangements with other companies to provide some of the
services that we sell to our customers, including video services and wireless products and services. If we fail to extend or renegotiate these arrangements as they expire from time to time or if these other companies fail to fulfill their
contractual obligations to us or our customers, we may have difficulty finding alternative arrangements and our customers may experience disruptions to their services. In addition, as a reseller or sales agent, we do not control the availability,
retail price, design, function, quality, reliability, customer service or branding of these products and services, nor do we directly control all of the marketing and promotion of these products and services. To the extent that these other companies
make decisions that negatively impact our ability to market and sell their products and services, our business plans and goals and our reputation could be negatively impacted. If these reseller and sales agency arrangements are unsuccessful due to
one or more of these risks, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 

Third parties may claim we infringe upon
their intellectual property rights, and defending against these claims could adversely affect our profit margins and our ability to conduct business. 

From time to time, we receive notices from third parties or are named in lawsuits filed by third parties claiming we have infringed or are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. We may
receive similar notices or be involved in similar lawsuits in the future. Responding to these claims may require us to expend significant time and money defending our use of affected technology, may require us to enter into licensing agreements
requiring royalty payments that we would not otherwise have to pay or may require us to pay damages. If we are required to take one or more of these actions, our profit margins may decline. In addition, in responding to these claims, we may be
required to stop selling or redesign one or more of our products or services, which could significantly and adversely affect the way we conduct business. 

Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

Any adverse outcome of the KPNQwest
litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results, on the trading price of our debt and equity securities and on our ability to access the capital markets. 

As described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report, the KPNQwest matters present material and significant risks to
us. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in the KPNQwest matters seek billions of dollars in damages. In addition, the outcome of one or more of these matters could have a negative impact on the outcomes of the other matters. We continue to defend
against these matters vigorously and are currently unable to provide any estimate as to the timing of their resolution. 

14 

Table of Contents

We can give no assurance as to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition
that may ultimately result from these matters. The ultimate outcomes of these matters are still uncertain, and substantial settlements or judgments in these matters could have a significant impact on us. The magnitude of such settlements or
judgments resulting from these matters could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to meet our debt obligations, potentially impacting our credit ratings, our ability to access capital markets and our compliance with
debt covenants. In addition, the magnitude of any such settlements or judgments may cause us to draw down significantly on our cash balances, which might force us to obtain additional financing or explore other methods to generate cash. Such methods
could include issuing additional securities or selling assets. 

Further, there are other material proceedings pending against
us as described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report that, depending on their outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. Thus, we can give no assurances as to the impacts on our operating
results or financial condition as a result of these matters. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are therefore exposed to
restrictions on our manner of doing business and a variety of claims relating to such regulation. 

We are subject to
significant regulation by the FCC, which regulates interstate communications, and state utility commissions, which regulate intrastate communications. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from the FCC and regulatory
bodies in most states where we offer regulated services, and we are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in
compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions based on customer complaints or on their own initiative. See
additional information about regulations affecting our business in “Business—Regulation” in Item 1 of this report. 

Regulation of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from state to state. A number of state legislatures and state utility commissions have adopted reduced or modified forms
of regulation for retail services. These changes also generally allow more flexibility for rate changes and for new product introduction, and they enhance our ability to respond to competition. Despite these regulatory changes, a substantial portion
of our local voice services revenue remains subject to FCC and state utility commission pricing regulation, which could expose us to unanticipated price declines. For instance, in 2010 the state utility commission in Arizona may consider a price cap
plan that will govern the rates that we charge in that state. The FCC is also considering changing the rates that carriers can charge each other for originating, carrying and terminating traffic and for local access facilities. Also under review by
the FCC and state commissions are the intercarrier compensation issues arising from the delivery of traffic destined for entities that offer conference and chat line services for free (known in the industry as “access stimulation,” or
“traffic pumping”), and of traffic bound for Internet service providers that cross local exchange boundaries (known as “VNXX traffic”). The FCC and state commissions are also considering changes to funds they have established to
subsidize service to high-cost areas. Changes to how those funds are distributed could result in us receiving less in universal service funding, and changes to how the funds are collected could make some of our services less competitive. There can
be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our compliance or noncompliance
with applicable regulations. 

All of our operations are also subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other
governmental regulations. We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local regulations governing the management, discharge and disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials. Although we believe that we are in compliance with
these regulations, our management, discharge or disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials might expose us to claims or actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

15 

Table of Contents

Risks Affecting Our Liquidity 

Our high debt levels pose risks to our viability and may make us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions, as well as other adverse developments. 

We continue to carry significant debt. As of December 31, 2009, our consolidated debt was approximately $14.2 billion.
Approximately $5.8 billion of our debt obligations comes due over the next three years. This amount includes $1.265 billion of our 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (referred to as our 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes), which we may
elect to redeem at any time on or after November 20, 2010 and holders may require us to repurchase for cash on November 15, 2010. In addition, holders of these 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes may also elect to convert the principal of their
notes into cash during periods when specified, market-based conversion requirements are met. While we currently believe we will have the financial resources to meet our obligations when they come due, we cannot fully anticipate the future condition
of our company, the credit markets or the economy generally. We may have unexpected costs and liabilities, and we may have limited access to financing. In addition, we have $193 million of potential stock repurchases remaining under our
previously disclosed stock repurchase program, and it is the current expectation of our Board of Directors that we will continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend. Cash used by us to purchase our common stock or to pay dividends will not be available
for other purposes, including the repayment of debt. 

We may periodically need to obtain financing in order to meet our debt
obligations as they come due. Due to the unstable economy and the current credit market environment, we may not be able to refinance maturing debt at terms that are as favorable as those from which we previously benefited, at terms that are
acceptable to us or at all. We may also need to obtain additional financing or investigate other methods to generate cash (such as further cost reductions or the sale of assets) if revenue and cash provided by operations decline, if economic
conditions weaken, if competitive pressures increase, if holders of the 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes elect to convert their notes because market-based conversion provisions are met or require us to repurchase their notes for cash on
November 15, 2010, if we are required to contribute a material amount of cash to our pension plan, if we are required to begin to pay other post-retirement benefits significantly earlier than is anticipated, or if we become subject to
significant judgments or settlements in one or more of the matters discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report. We can give no assurance that this additional financing will be available on terms that are acceptable to us
or at all. Also, we may be impacted by factors relating to or affecting our liquidity and capital resources due to perception in the market, impacts on our credit ratings or provisions in our financing agreements that may restrict our flexibility
under certain conditions. 

Our $1.035 billion revolving credit facility (referred to as the Credit Facility), which is
currently undrawn, has a cross payment default provision, and the Credit Facility and certain of our other debt issues have cross acceleration provisions. When present, these provisions could have a wider impact on liquidity than might otherwise
arise from a default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. Any such event could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or access the capital markets and could adversely impact our credit ratings. In addition, the Credit Facility
contains various limitations, including a restriction on using any proceeds from the facility to pay settlements or judgments relating to the legal matters discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report. See “Liquidity
and Capital Resources—Near-Term View” in Item 7 of this report for additional information about the Credit Facility. 

Our high debt levels could adversely impact our credit ratings. Additionally, the degree to which we are leveraged may have other important limiting consequences, including the following: 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared with our less leveraged competitors; 

•

 making us more vulnerable to downturns in general economic conditions or in any of our businesses; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and

•

 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes.

16 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to significantly reduce the substantial capital requirements or operating expenses
necessary to continue to operate our business, which may in turn affect our operating results. 

The industry in which
we operate is capital intensive, and we anticipate that our capital requirements will continue to be significant in the coming years. Although we have reduced our operating expenses over the past few years, we may be unable to further significantly
reduce these costs, even if revenue in some areas of our business is decreasing. While we believe that our planned level of capital expenditures will meet both our maintenance and our core growth requirements going forward, this may not be the case
if circumstances underlying our expectations change. 

Adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with our employee
benefit plans could negatively impact our liquidity. 

We maintain a qualified pension plan, a non-qualified pension
plan and post-retirement benefit plans. The funded status of these plans is the difference between the value of all plan assets and benefit obligations. The accounting unfunded status of our pension plan was $790 million at December 31,
2009. The process of calculating benefit obligations is complex. Adverse changes in interest rates or market conditions, among other assumptions and factors, could cause a significant increase in our benefit obligations or a significant decrease in
the value of plan assets. With respect to our qualified pension plan, adverse changes could require us to contribute a material amount of cash to the plan or could accelerate the timing of any required cash payments. We will not be required to make
a cash contribution to this plan in 2010. Based on currently available information, our projected required contribution in 2011 is $0 to $120 million. The information necessary to finalize our 2011 contribution calculations will not be available
until later in 2010. It is also very likely, based on current funding laws and regulations, that significantly higher contributions will be required in 2012 and beyond. The amount of any required contributions in 2012 and beyond will depend on
earnings on investments, discount rates, changes in the plan and funding laws and regulations. Any future material cash contributions in 2011 and beyond could have a negative impact on our liquidity by reducing our cash flows. 

Our debt agreements allow us to incur significantly more debt, which could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

The terms of our debt instruments permit us to incur additional indebtedness. Additional debt may be necessary for many reasons, including to
adequately respond to competition, to comply with regulatory requirements related to our service obligations or for financial reasons alone. Incremental borrowings or borrowings at maturity on terms that impose additional financial risks to our
various efforts to improve our operating results and financial condition could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

If
we pursue and are involved in any strategic transactions, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 

On a
regular and ongoing basis, we review and evaluate opportunities for acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions that could be beneficial. As a result, we may be involved in negotiations or discussions that, if they were to result in
a transaction, could have a material effect on our financial condition (including short-term or long-term liquidity) or short-term or long-term operating results. 

Should we make an error in judgment when identifying strategic transaction partners or fail to successfully execute any strategic transaction, we will likely fail to realize the benefits we intended to
derive from the strategic transaction and may suffer other adverse consequences. Strategic transactions may involve a number of other risks, including: 

•

 incurrence of substantial transaction costs; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from operating our existing business; 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 failure to successfully integrate any acquired operations; 

•

 charges to earnings in the event of any write-down or write-off of goodwill recorded in connection with strategic transactions;

•

 depletion of our cash resources or incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund strategic transactions; 

•

 an adverse impact on our tax position; 

•

 assumption of liabilities of any acquired business (including unforeseen liabilities); and 

•

 imposition of additional regulatory obligations by federal or state regulators. 

We can give no assurance that we would be able to successfully complete any strategic transactions. 

Other Risks Relating to Qwest 

If
conditions or assumptions differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected. 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are discussed in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Item 7 of this report, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements that are considered “critical” because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or
assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial
results. 

As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits by the Internal Revenue Service, or
IRS, as well as state and local tax authorities. These audits could subject us to tax liabilities if adverse positions are taken by these tax authorities. 

Tax sharing agreements have been executed between us and previous affiliates, and we believe the liabilities, if any, arising from adjustments to previously filed returns would be borne by the affiliated
group member determined to have a deficiency under the terms and conditions of such agreements and applicable tax law. We have not generally provided for liabilities attributable to former affiliated companies or for claims they have asserted or may
assert against us. 

We believe that we have adequately provided for tax contingencies. However, our tax audits and
examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Because the ultimate outcomes of all of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether
an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our financial results or our net operating loss carryforwards. 

If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and
operating results could be materially harmed. 

We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with our labor
unions, which represent a significant number of our employees. Our current four-year agreements with the CWA and the IBEW expire on October 6, 2012. Although we believe that our relations with our employees and unions are satisfactory, no
assurance can be

18 

Table of Contents

given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to time. The impact of future negotiations, including changes in
wages and benefit levels, could have a material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if significant disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a
strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The trading price of our securities has been and could continue to be volatile. 

The capital markets often experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. The overall market and the trading price of our securities may fluctuate greatly. The trading price of our securities may be
significantly affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

 changes in investors’ and analysts’ perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; 

•

 broader market fluctuations; 

•

 general economic or political conditions; 

•

 acquisitions and financings including the issuance of substantial number of shares of our common stock as consideration in acquisitions;

•

 the high concentration of shares owned by a few investors; 

•

 sale of a substantial number of shares held by the existing shareholders in the public market, including shares issued upon exercise of outstanding
options or upon the conversion of our convertible notes; and 

•

 general conditions in the telecommunications industry, including regulatory developments. 

Health care reform in the United States could increase the costs of maintaining our post-retirement health benefit programs. 

The U.S. Congress is considering legislation addressing health care reform. If enacted, this legislation could have a significant ongoing
impact on our tax liabilities and the costs of maintaining our employee health and post-retirement benefit programs, which would significantly impact our annual net income and cash flows. Any enacted legislation could also have a significant
non-recurring impact on our net income in the period of enactment. For example, current reform proposals would disallow federal income tax deductions for retiree prescription drug benefits to the extent we receive reimbursements for those benefits
under the Medicare Part D program. This change would increase the cost to us of this employee benefit program, resulting in a non-recurring increase in our income tax expense and an associated reduction in our net income of approximately $112
million to $129 million in the period in which the law is enacted. We cannot predict whether any law relating to health care reform will ultimately be enacted, the terms or timing of any such law, or whether we would make any changes to our benefit
programs as a result of any such law.