Risks Affecting Our
Business 

Increasing competition, including product substitution, continues to cause access line losses, which could adversely affect our
operating results and financial performance. 

We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, and we expect
competition to continue to intensify. We are facing greater competition in providing wireline services from cable companies, wireless providers (including ourselves), facilities-based providers using their own networks as well as those leasing parts
of our network, and resellers. In addition, regulatory developments over the past several years have generally increased competitive pressures on our business. Due to some of these and other factors, we continue to lose access lines. 

We are continually evaluating our responses to these competitive pressures. Our most recent responses include product bundling and packaging and our
continuing focus on customer service. However, we may not be successful in these efforts. We may not be able to distinguish our service levels from those of our competitors, and we may not be successful in integrating our product offerings,
especially products for which we act as a reseller, such as wireless services and satellite video services. Even if we are successful, these initiatives may not be sufficient to offset our continuing loss of access lines. If these initiatives are
unsuccessful or insufficient and our revenue declines significantly without corresponding cost reductions, this will cause a significant deterioration to our results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect our ability to service
debt, pay other obligations, or enhance shareholder returns. 

Consolidation among participants in the telecommunications industry may allow our
competitors to compete more effectively against us, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

The telecommunications industry has experienced some consolidation, and several of our competitors have consolidated with other telecommunications providers. This consolidation results in competitors that are larger and better financed and
affords our competitors increased resources and greater geographical reach, thereby enabling those competitors to compete more effectively against us. We have begun to experience and expect further increased pressures as a result of this
consolidation and in turn have been and may continue to be forced to respond with lower profit margin product offerings and pricing plans in an effort to retain and attract customers. These pressures could adversely affect our operating results and
financial performance. 

Rapid changes in technology and markets could require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of
contemplated levels, and any inability to respond to those changes could reduce our market share. 

The telecommunications industry
is experiencing significant technological changes, and our ability to execute our business plans and compete depends upon our ability to develop and deploy new products and services, such as broadband data, wireless, video and VoIP services. The
development and deployment of new products and services could also require substantial expenditure of financial and other resources in excess of contemplated levels. If we are not able to develop new products and services to keep pace with
technological advances, or if those products and services are not widely accepted by customers, our ability to compete could be adversely affected and our market share could decline. Any inability to keep up with changes in technology and markets
could also adversely affect the trading price of our securities. 

Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

Any adverse outcome of the securities-related matters pending against us, including the KPNQwest litigation, could have a material adverse impact on our financial
condition and operating results, on the trading price of our debt and equity securities and on our ability to access the capital markets. 

As described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report, the securities-related matters, including the KPNQwest matters, present material and significant risks to us. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in the KPNQwest
matters seek billions of dollars in damages. In addition, the outcome of one or more of these matters could have a 

10 

Table of Contents

negative impact on the outcomes of the other matters. We continue to defend against these matters vigorously and are currently unable to provide any estimate
as to the timing of their resolution. In addition, the outcome of the pending appeal of the decision approving the settlement of the consolidated securities action is uncertain and could result in the payment of additional monies by us in connection
with indemnification claims by Messrs. Nacchio and Woodruff. 

We can give no assurance as to the impacts on our financial results or
financial condition that may ultimately result from these matters. The ultimate outcomes of these matters are still uncertain, and substantial settlements or judgments in these matters could have a significant impact on us. The magnitude of such
settlements or judgments resulting from these matters could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to meet our debt obligations, potentially impacting our credit ratings, our ability to access capital markets and our
compliance with debt covenants. In addition, the magnitude of any such settlements or judgments may cause us to draw down significantly on our cash balances, which might force us to obtain additional financing or explore other methods to generate
cash. Such methods could include issuing additional securities or selling assets. 

Further, there are other material proceedings pending
against us as described in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report that, depending on their outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. Thus, we can give no assurances as to the impacts on our financial
results or financial condition as a result of these matters. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are therefore exposed to restrictions on
our manner of doing business and a variety of claims relating to such regulation. 

We are subject to significant state and federal
regulation. Interstate communications (including international communications that originate or terminate in the U.S.) are regulated by the FCC, pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, and other
laws. Intrastate communications are regulated by state utilities commissions, pursuant to state utility laws. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from the FCC and regulatory bodies in most states where we offer regulated
services and must obtain prior regulatory approval of rates, terms and conditions for regulated services, where required. We are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations.
Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions based on
customer complaints or on their own initiative. See additional information about regulations affecting our business in “Business—Regulation” in Item 1 of this report. 

Regulation of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from state to state. A number of
state legislatures and state utility commissions have adopted reduced or modified forms of regulation for retail services. These changes also generally allow more flexibility for rate changes and for new product introduction, and they enhance our
ability to respond to competition. At the same time, some of the changes at both the state and federal level may have the potential effect of reducing some regulatory protections, including having FCC-approved tariffs that include rates, terms and
conditions. Despite these regulatory changes, a substantial portion of our local voice services revenue remains subject to FCC and state utility commission pricing regulation, which could expose us to unanticipated price declines. There can be no
assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our compliance or noncompliance with
applicable regulations. 

All of our operations are also subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other governmental
regulations. We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local regulations governing the discharge and disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials, including the emission of electromagnetic radiation. Although we believe that
we are in compliance with such regulations, any such discharge, disposal or emission might expose us to claims or actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

11 

Table of Contents

Risks Affecting Our Liquidity 

Our high debt levels pose risks to our viability and may make us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions, as well as other adverse developments. 

We continue to carry significant debt. As of December 31, 2007, our consolidated debt was approximately $14.3 billion. Approximately
$3.6 billion of our debt obligations comes due over the next three years. This amount includes $1.265 billion of our 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “3.50% Convertible Senior Notes”), which we may elect to redeem, and
holders may elect to convert, in November 2010. In addition, holders of these 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes” may also elect to convert the principal of their notes into cash during periods when specified, market-based conversion requirements
are met. However, we do not anticipate holders will make such an election because these notes have historically traded at market prices above the estimated conversion values. While we currently believe we will have the financial resources to meet
our obligations when they come due, we cannot anticipate what our future condition will be. We may have unexpected costs and liabilities and we may have limited access to financing. In addition, on October 4, 2006 our Board of Directors
approved a stock repurchase program for up to $2 billion of our common stock over two years, and on December 13, 2007 our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend totaling approximately $140 million, which will be paid in the
first quarter of 2008. It is also the expectation of our Board of Directors to pay a quarterly dividend going forward. Cash used by us to purchase our common stock or to pay dividends will not be available for other purposes, including the repayment
of debt. 

We may periodically need to obtain financing in order to meet our debt obligations as they come due. Due to recent turmoil in the
credit markets, we may not be able to refinance maturing debt at terms that are as favorable as those from which we previously benefited or at terms that are acceptable to us. We may also need to obtain additional financing or investigate other
methods to generate cash (such as further cost reductions or the sale of assets) if revenue and cash provided by operations decline, if economic conditions weaken, if competitive pressures increase, if holders of the 3.50% Convertible Senior
Notes elect to convert their notes because market-based conversion provisions were met or if we become subject to significant judgments, settlements and/or tax payments as further discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this
report. We can give no assurance that this additional financing will be available on terms that are acceptable. Also, we may be impacted by factors relating to or affecting our liquidity and capital resources due to perception in the market, impacts
on our credit ratings or provisions in our financing agreements that may restrict our flexibility under certain conditions. 

Our
$850 million revolving credit facility (referred to as the Credit Facility), which is currently undrawn, has a cross payment default provision, and the Credit Facility and certain of our other debt issues have cross acceleration provisions.
When present, these provisions could have a wider impact on liquidity than might otherwise arise from a default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. Any such event could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or access the capital
markets and could adversely impact our credit ratings. In addition, the Credit Facility contains various limitations, including a restriction on using any proceeds from the facility to pay settlements or judgments relating to the securities-related
actions discussed in “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 of this report. 

Our high debt levels could adversely impact our credit
ratings. Additionally, the degree to which we are leveraged may have other important limiting consequences, including the following: 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared with our less leveraged competitors; 

•

 making us more vulnerable to downturns in general economic conditions or in any of our businesses; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 

•

 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes.

12 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to significantly reduce the substantial capital requirements or operating expenses necessary to
continue to operate our business, which may in turn affect our operating results. 

The industry in which we operate is capital
intensive and, as such, we anticipate that our capital requirements will continue to be significant in the coming years. Although we have reduced our operating expenses over the past few years, we may be unable to further significantly reduce these
costs, even if revenue in some areas of our business is decreasing. While we believe that our planned level of capital expenditures will meet both our maintenance and our core growth requirements going forward, this may not be the case if
circumstances underlying our expectations change. 

Adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with our employee benefit plans
could negatively impact our stockholders’ equity balance. 

We maintain a qualified pension plan, a nonqualified pension plan
and post-retirement benefit plans. Our consolidated balance sheets indirectly reflect the value of all plan assets and benefit obligations under these plans. The accounting for employee benefit plans is complex, as is the process of calculating the
benefit obligations under the plans. Adverse changes in interest rates or market conditions, among other assumptions and factors, could cause a significant increase in our benefit obligations or a significant decrease of the asset values without
necessarily impacting our net income. In addition, our benefit obligations could increase significantly if we need to unfavorably revise the assumptions we used to calculate the obligations. Because the combined value of plan assets and the combined
benefit obligations are each approximately 20 times larger than our stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2007, these adverse changes could have a significant negative impact on our stockholders’ equity. Stockholders’ equity is
one of several measures used by certain customers and vendors, among others, to evaluate a company’s financial condition. As such, a significant negative impact on our stockholders’ equity could adversely impact our competitiveness in
obtaining favorable purchase arrangements and make it more challenging to compete for certain sales contracts, among other things. 

In
addition, with respect to our qualified pension plan, adverse changes could require us to contribute a material amount of cash to the plan or could accelerate the timing of any required payments. However, based on current actuarial analyses and
forecasts, we do not expect to be required to make any such contributions in the near term. 

Our debt agreements allow us to incur significantly more
debt, which could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

The terms of our debt instruments permit us to incur
additional indebtedness. Additional debt may be necessary for many reasons, including to adequately respond to competition, to comply with regulatory requirements related to our service obligations or for financial reasons alone. Incremental
borrowings or borrowings at maturity on terms that impose additional financial risks to our various efforts to improve our financial condition and results of operations could exacerbate the other risks described in this report. 

If we pursue and are involved in any business combinations, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 

On a regular and ongoing basis, we review and evaluate other businesses and opportunities for business combinations that would be strategically
beneficial. As a result, we may be involved in negotiations or discussions that, if they were to result in a transaction, could have a material effect on our financial condition (including short-term or long-term liquidity) or short-term or
long-term results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Should we make an error in judgment when identifying an acquisition candidate, or should we fail to
successfully integrate acquired operations, we will likely fail to realize the benefits we intended to derive from the acquisition and may suffer other adverse consequences. Acquisitions involve a number of other risks, including: 

•

 incurrence of substantial transaction costs; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from operating our existing business; 

•

 charges to earnings in the event of any write-down or write-off of goodwill recorded in connection with acquisitions; 

•

 depletion of our cash resources or incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund acquisitions; 

•

 an adverse impact on our tax position; 

•

 assumption of liabilities of an acquired business (including unforeseen liabilities); and 

•

 imposition of additional regulatory obligations by federal or state regulators. 

We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions. 

Other Risks Relating to Qwest 

If conditions or assumptions
differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected. 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are described in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Item 7 of this report, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements that are considered “critical” because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or
assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, as well as state and
local tax authorities. These audits could subject us to tax liabilities if adverse positions are taken by these tax authorities. In June 2006, we received notices of proposed adjustments on several significant issues for the 2002–2003 audit
cycle, including a proposed adjustment disallowing a loss relating to the sale of our DEX directory publishing business. We have reached a tentative settlement with the IRS on several of these issues, including the DEX sale, as described in
Note 3—Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this report. These settlements are subject to formal review and approval by the IRS, and there is no assurance that these settlements will ultimately be
effected in accordance with our expectations. 

Because prior to 1999 we were a member of affiliated groups filing consolidated U.S. federal
income tax returns, we could be severally liable for tax examinations and adjustments not directly applicable to current members of the Qwest affiliated group. Tax sharing agreements have been executed between us and previous affiliates, and we
believe the liabilities, if any, arising from adjustments to previously filed returns would be borne by the affiliated group member determined to have a deficiency under the terms and conditions of such agreements and applicable tax law. We have not
generally provided for liabilities attributable to former affiliated companies or for claims they have asserted or may assert against us. 

14 

Table of Contents

We believe that we have adequately provided for tax contingencies. However, our tax audits and
examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Because the ultimate outcomes of all of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether
an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our financial results or our net operating loss carryforwards. 

If we fail
to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be
materially harmed. 

We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with our labor unions, which represent a significant number
of our employees. Our current three-year agreements with the CWA and the IBEW will expire on August 16, 2008. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to
successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to time. The impact of future negotiations, including changes in wages and benefit levels, could have a material impact on our financial results. Also,
if we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant
disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The trading price of our securities could be volatile.

The capital markets often experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. The overall market and the trading price of our
securities may fluctuate greatly. The trading price of our securities may be significantly affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

 changes in investors’ and analysts’ perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; 

•

 broader market fluctuations; 

•

 general economic or political conditions; 

•

 acquisitions and financings including the issuance of substantial number of shares of our common stock as consideration in acquisitions;

•

 the high concentration of shares owned by a few investors; 

•

 sale of a substantial number of shares held by the existing shareholders in the public market, including shares issued upon exercise of outstanding options or upon
the conversion of our convertible notes; and 

•

 general conditions in the telecommunications industry.