You should consider each of the following factors as well as the other information in this
Annual Report in evaluating our business and our prospects. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the
following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be harmed. In that case,
the trading price of our common stock could decline. You should also refer to the other information
set forth in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes.

Risks Related to Our Businesses

If CDMA and CDMA-related technology deployment does not expand as anticipated, our revenues may not
grow as anticipated.

     We focus our business primarily on developing, patenting and commercializing CDMA technology
for wireless telecommunications applications. In addition, with the acquisition of Flarion, we
expect an increased emphasis on developing, patenting and commercializing OFDMA technology. Other
digital wireless communications technologies, particularly GSM technology, have been more widely
deployed than CDMA technology. OFDMA has not been widely deployed commercially. Notwithstanding our
portfolio of OFDM/OFDMA intellectual property, technology and products, if CDMA technology does not
become the preferred wireless communications industry standard in the countries where our products
and those of our customers and licensees are sold, our business and financial results could suffer.
If wireless operators do not select CDMA for their networks or update their current networks to any
CDMA-based third generation (3G) technology, our business and financial results could suffer since
we generally have not generated revenues from GSM product sales, and there is no assurance that our
OFDM/OFDMA patent portfolio will be as valuable as our CDMA portfolio or that our OFDMA chipset
business will be as successful as our CDMA chipset business. Further, if OFDMA technology is not
adopted and deployed commercially, our investment in Flarion and OFDMA technology may not provide
us an adequate return on our investment.

     To increase our revenues in future periods, we are dependent upon the commercial deployment of
3G wireless communications equipment, products and services based on our CDMA technology. Although
wireless network operators have commercially deployed CDMA2000 and WCDMA, we cannot predict the
timing or success of further commercial deployments or expansions of CDMA2000, WCDMA or other CDMA
systems. If existing deployments are not commercially successful or do not continue to grow their
subscriber base, or if new commercial deployments of CDMA2000, WCDMA or other CDMA-based systems
are delayed or unsuccessful, our business and financial

21

Table of Contents

results may be harmed. In addition, our
business could be harmed if wireless network operators deploy competing technologies or switch
existing networks from CDMA to GSM without upgrading to WCDMA or if wireless network operators
introduce new technologies. A limited number of operators have started testing OFDMA technology,
but there can be no assurance that OFDMA will be adopted or deployed commercially or that we will
be successful in developing and marketing OFDMA products. Although the acquisition of Flarion
brings us an additional and very strong portfolio of issued and pending patents related to
OFDMA technology, and, prior to the acquisition, we had hundreds of issued or pending patents
relating to applications of GPRS, EDGE, OFDM, OFDMA and multi in, multi out (MIMO), there can be no
assurance that our patent portfolio in these areas would be as valuable as our CDMA portfolio.
Sprint Nextel has indicated that it is planning to deploy WiMax (an OFDMA based technology) in
its 2.5 Ghz spectrum, also known as the Broadband Radio Services band. Other operators are
investigating deployment of WiMax. Although we believe that our patented technology is essential
and useful to implementation of the WiMax standard, there is no assurance that we will achieve the
same royalty revenue on such WiMax deployments as on CDMA or other technology deployments or that
we will achieve the same chipset market shares within a WiMax network.

     Our business and the deployment of our technologies, products and services are dependent on
the success of our customers, licensees and CDMA-based wireless operators, as well as the timing of
their deployment of new services. Our licensees and CDMA-based wireless operators may incur lower
operating margins on products or services based on our technologies than on products using
alternative technologies due to greater competition in the relevant market or other factors. If
CDMA-based wireless operators, phone and/or infrastructure manufacturers exit the CDMA-based
markets, the deployment of CDMA technology could be negatively affected, and our business could
suffer.

     Our three largest customers accounted for 39%, 39% and 40% of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. The loss of any one of our major customers or any reduction in the
demand for devices utilizing our CDMA technology could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to
achieve or sustain desired levels of operating results.

     QCT Segment. Three customers, LG Electronics, Motorola Inc. and Samsung Electronics Company,
constitute a significant portion of QCT’s revenues such that the loss of any one of these customers
or the delay, even if only temporary, or cancellation of significant orders from any of these
customers would reduce our revenues in the period of the cancellation or deferral and harm our
ability to achieve or sustain acceptable levels of operating results. Accordingly, unless and until
our QCT segment diversifies and expands its customer base, our future success will significantly
depend upon the timing and size of future purchase orders, if any, from these customers. Factors
that may impact the size and timing of orders from customers of our QCT segment include, among
others, the following:

•

the product requirements of our customers and the network operators;

•

the financial and operational success of our customers;

•

the success of our customers’ products that incorporate our products;

•

changes in wireless penetration growth rates;

•

value added features which drive replacement rates;

•

shortages of key products and components;

•

fluctuations in channel inventory levels;

•

the success of products sold to our customers by licensed competitors;

•

the rate of deployment of new technology by the wireless network operators and the
rate of adoption of new technology by the end consumers;

•

the extent to which certain customers successfully develop and produce CDMA-based
integrated circuits and system software to meet their own needs;

•

general economic conditions;

•

changes in governmental regulations in countries where we or our customers currently
operate or plan to operate; and

•

widespread illness.

22

Table of Contents

     QTL Segment. Our QTL segment derives royalty revenues primarily from sales of CDMA products by
our licensees. Although we have more than 135 licensees, we derive a significant portion of our
royalty revenue from a limited number of licensees. Our future success depends upon the ability of
our licensees to develop, introduce and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain
market acceptance. We have little or no control over the sales efforts of our licensees, and we
cannot assure you that our licensees will be successful or that the demand for wireless
communications devices and services offered by our licensees will continue to increase. Any
reduction in the demand for or any delay in the development, introduction or delivery of wireless
communications devices utilizing our CDMA technology could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Reductions in the average selling price of wireless communications devices utilizing our
CDMA technology, without a comparable increase in the volumes of such devices sold, could have a
material adverse effect on our business. Weakness in the value of foreign currencies in which our
customers’ products are sold may reduce the amount of royalties payable to us in U.S. dollars.

     Royalties under our license agreements are generally payable to us for the life of the patents
that we license under our agreements. The licenses granted to and from us under a number of our
license agreements include only patents that are either filed or issued prior to a certain date,
and, in a small number of agreements, royalties are payable on those patents for a specified time
period. As a result, there are agreements with some licensees where later patents are not licensed
by or to us under our license agreements. In order to license any such later patents, we will need
to extend or modify our license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such
licensees. Although in the past we have amended many of our license agreements to include later
patents without affecting the material terms and conditions of our license agreements, there is no
assurance that we will be able to modify our license agreements in the future to license any such
later patents or extend such date(s) to incorporate later patents without affecting the material
terms and conditions of our license agreements with such licensees. We have a license agreement
with Nokia Corp., which in part expires on April 9, 2007. While the parties have been in
discussions to conclude an extension or a new license agreement beyond that time period, there is
no certainty as to when we will be able to conclude an agreement or the terms of any such
agreement. There is also a possibility that the parties will not be able to conclude a new or
extended agreement by April 2007. In that event after April 9, 2007, unless and until the existing
agreement is extended or a new agreement is concluded, Nokia’s right to sell subscriber products
under most of our patents (including many that we have declared as essential to the CDMA, WCDMA and
other standards) and therefore Nokia’s obligation to pay royalties to us will both cease under the
terms of the current agreement, and our rights to sell integrated circuits under Nokia’s patents
will likewise cease under the terms of the current agreement. Please refer to our discussion below
under the subheadings entitled “The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights
may be expensive and could divert our valuable resources” and “Claims by other companies that we
infringe their intellectual property, that patents on which we rely are invalid, or that our
business practices are in some way unlawful, could adversely affect our business” and note that any
company that makes or sells products without a license under the applicable patents of another
company would be exposed to patent infringement litigation by such other company. The patent
holder, whether we or another company, would generally be entitled to seek all available legal
remedies including an injunction against making and selling products infringing such patent without
a license and damages for past unlicensed sales in the form of lost profits or a reasonable royalty
(which damages may be trebled for willful infringement).

     Although our patents apply to multiple technologies, such as GPRS, EDGE, OFDM, OFDMA
(including WiMax) and MIMO, there can be no assurance that our patent portfolio will generate
licensing income or be as valuable in generating licensing income with respect to other
technologies, as compared to CDMA-based technologies.

Efforts by some telecommunications equipment manufacturers and component suppliers to avoid paying
fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may create uncertainty about
our future business prospects, may require the investment of substantial management time and
financial resources, and may result in legal decisions and/or political actions by foreign
governments that harm our business.

     Since our founding in 1985, we have focused heavily on technology development and innovation.
These efforts have resulted in a leading intellectual property portfolio related to wireless
technology. Because all commercially deployed forms of CDMA and their derivatives require the use
of our patents, our patent portfolio is the most widely and extensively licensed portfolio in the
industry with over 135 licensees. Over the years a number of companies have challenged our patent
position but at this time most, if not all, companies recognize that any
company seeking

23

Table of Contents

to develop, manufacture and/or sell products that use CDMA technologies will
require a patent license from us. Notwithstanding the strength of this intellectual property
position, we have a policy of, and have succeeded in, licensing our technology to all interested
companies on terms that are fair, reasonable and free from unfair discrimination. Unlike some other
companies in our industry that hold back certain key technologies, we offer interested companies
the opportunity to license essentially our entire patent portfolio. Our broad licensing strategy
has been a catalyst for industry growth, helping to enable a wide range of companies offering a
broad array of wireless products and features while driving down average and low-end selling prices
for 3G handsets and other wireless devices. By licensing a wide range of equipment manufacturers,
encouraging innovative applications, supporting equipment manufacturers with a total chipset and
software solution, and focusing on improving the efficiency of the airlink for operators, we have
helped 3G CDMA evolve, grow, and reduce handset pricing all at a faster pace than the second
generation technologies that preceded it (e.g. GSM).

     Having failed in their efforts to challenge the strength of our intellectual property position
and, in most cases, despite contracts with us that were freely and fairly negotiated and contain
fair and reasonable royalty provisions, a small number of companies have now initiated various
strategies in an attempt to renegotiate, mitigate and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to
us for the use of our intellectual property in order to negatively affect our business model and
that of our other licensees. These strategies have included (i) litigation, often alleging
infringement of patents held by such companies or unfair competition of some variety, (ii) taking
questionable positions on the interpretation of contracts with us, with royalty reduction as the
likely true motive, (iii) appeals to governmental authorities, such as the complaints filed with
the European Commission (EC) during the fourth calendar quarter of 2005 and the Korean Fair Trade
Commission during June 2006, and (iv) lobbying with governmental regulators and elected officials
for the purpose of seeking the imposition of some form of compulsory licensing and/or to weaken a
patent holder’s ability to enforce its rights or obtain a fair return for such rights.

     We were notified by the Competition Directorate of the EC that six
companies (Nokia, Ericsson, Panasonic, Texas Instruments, Broadcom and NEC) submitted separate
formal complaints accusing our business practices, with respect to licensing of patents and sales
of chipsets, to be in violation of Article 82 of the EC treaty. We received the complaints and have
submitted a response. While we believe that none of our business practices violate the legal
requirements of Article 82 of the EC treaty, if the EC decides to formally investigate these
accusations and determines liability as to any of the alleged violations, it could impose fines
and/or require us to modify our practices. Further, such an investigation could be expensive and
time consuming to address, divert management attention from our business and harm our reputation.
Although such potential adverse findings may be appealed within the EC legal system, an adverse
final determination could have a significant negative impact on our revenues and/or earnings. We
also understand that two U.S. companies (Texas Instruments and Broadcom) and two South Korean companies
(Nextreaming Corp. and THINmultimedia Inc.) have filed complaints with the Korean Fair Trade
Commission alleging that our business practices are, in some way, a violation of South Korean anti-trust
regulations. While we have not seen these complaints, we believe that none of our business
practices violate the legal requirements of South Korean competition law. However, any resulting
investigation in South Korea could be expensive and time consuming to address, divert management
attention from our business and harm our reputation. An adverse final determination on these
charges could have a significant negative impact on our revenues and/or earnings.

     Given our substantial investment in technology innovation, the demonstrable benefits provided
by our intellectual property, and long-standing license agreements with more than 135 licensees
including many of the world’s foremost wireless equipment manufacturers, we believe that our
royalty rates are reasonable and fair to the companies that benefit from our intellectual property
and provide significant incentives for others to invest in CDMA applications, as evidenced by the
significant growth in the CDMA portion of the wireless industry, the integration of new features
and functionality into CDMA wireless products, and the rapid reduction in the price of low-end CDMA
handsets over recent years. While the distractions caused by challenges to our business model and
licensing program are undesirable and the legal and other costs associated with defending our
position have been and continue to be significant, we believe that these challenges are without
merit, and we will continue to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights and our right to
continue to receive a fair return for our innovations. A recent ruling in New Jersey Federal
district court granted our motion to dismiss unfounded claims by Broadcom that our business
practices have been in violation of anti-trust law in the United
States. These business practices are essentially
the same as cited in the EC complaints. The court ruled that, assuming all the facts stated by
Broadcom are correct (which we believe is not the case), we have not violated any anti-trust laws.
This ruling is very
important and favorable. Broadcom has appealed it. Regrettably, we assume, as should
investors, that challenges of this nature will continue into the foreseeable future and may require
the investment of substantial management time and financial resources to explain and defend our
position.

24

Table of Contents

     Although there can be no guarantees as to the ultimate outcome of these challenges, we intend
to expend appropriate resources to educate governmental authorities, elected officials, courts of
law, our licensees, wireless service operators and the general public as to the true nature of
these disputes. We believe that when such information is fairly evaluated by such parties, these
challenges by the complainants to the EC will be seen for what they truly are, an
attempt to avoid paying the agreed upon and fair compensation for the use of our significant
intellectual property portfolio, and to extend their domination of the second generation wireless
handset market into the third generation.

The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive and could
divert our valuable resources.

     We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as
nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary
information, technologies and processes, including our patent portfolio. Policing unauthorized use
of our products and technologies is difficult and time consuming. We cannot be certain that the
steps we have taken will prevent the misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary
information and technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our
proprietary rights as fully or as readily as United States laws. We cannot be certain that the laws
and policies of any country, including the United States, or the practices of any of the
international standards bodies, foreign or domestic, with respect to intellectual property
enforcement or licensing, issuance of wireless licenses or the adoption of standards, will not be
changed in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to the sale or use of our products or
technology. Within the United States Congress, committee work has been initiated to draft a “patent
reform law.” The end product of such work could be new patent legislation detrimental to our
licensing program or to the sale or use of our products or technology. Any action we take to
influence such potential changes could absorb significant management time and attention, which, in
turn, could negatively impact our operating results.

     The vast majority of our patents and patent applications relate to our wireless communications
technology and much of the remainder of our patents and patent applications relate to our other
technologies and products. Litigation may be required to enforce our intellectual property rights,
protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. As a
result of any such litigation, we could lose our proprietary rights or incur substantial unexpected
operating costs. Any action we take to enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly and
could absorb significant management time and attention, which, in turn, could negatively impact our
operating results. In addition, failure to protect our trademark rights could impair our brand
identity.

Claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property, that patents on which we
rely are invalid, or that our business practices are in some way unlawful, could adversely affect
our business.

     From time to time, companies have asserted, and may again assert, patent, copyright and other
intellectual proprietary rights against our products or products using our technologies or other
technologies used in our industry. These claims have resulted (see Item 3. Legal Proceedings) and
may again result in our involvement in litigation. We may not prevail in such litigation given the
complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If any of
our products were found to infringe on another company’s intellectual property rights, we could be
required to redesign our products or license such rights and/or pay damages or other compensation
to such other company. If we were unable to redesign our products or license such intellectual
property rights used in our products, we could be prohibited from making and selling such products.

     In addition, as the number of competitors in our market increases and the functionality of our
products is enhanced and overlaps with the products of other companies, we may become subject to
claims of infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of others. Any
claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming to address, result in costly litigation,
divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel or cause product release or shipment
delays, any of which could have a material adverse effect upon our operating results. In any
potential dispute involving other companies’ patents or other intellectual property, our licensees
could also become the targets of litigation. Any such litigation could severely disrupt the
business of our licensees, which in turn could hurt our relations with our licensees and cause our
revenues to decrease.

     A number of other companies have claimed to own patents essential to various CDMA standards,
GSM standards and implementations of OFDM and OFDMA systems. If we or other product manufacturers
are required to

25

Table of Contents

obtain additional licenses and/or pay royalties to one or more patent holders, this
could have a material adverse effect on the commercial implementation of our CDMA or multimode
products and technologies, demand for our licensees’ products, and our profitability.

     Our currently pending or future patent applications for iMoD may not result in issued patents.
In addition, our issued iMoD patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us
against third parties with similar technologies or products or from third parties infringing our
patents or misappropriating our trade secrets or provide us with any competitive advantage.

     Other companies or entities also may commence actions seeking to establish the invalidity of
our patents. In the event that one or more of our patents are challenged, a court may invalidate
the patent or determine that the patent is not enforceable, which could harm our competitive
position. If any of our key patents are invalidated, or if the scope of the claims in any of these
patents is limited by court decision, we could be prevented from licensing the invalidated or
limited portion of such patents. Even if such a patent challenge is not successful, it could be
expensive and time consuming to address, divert management attention from our business and harm our
reputation.

Successful attempts by certain companies to amend or modify Standards Development Organizations’
(SDO’s) intellectual property policies could impact our licensing business.

     Our technologies, such as CDMA and OFDMA, are generally proposed and incorporated into
standards adopted by SDO’s throughout the world (e.g. European Telecommunications Standards
Institute (ETSI), Telecommunications Industry Association, Telecommunications Technology
Association, IEEE, etc.). These SDO’s have policies with respect to intellectual property
contributed by their member companies, which generally require member companies to commit to
license their patents essential to the practice of the adopted standard on terms and conditions
that are fair, reasonable and free from unfair discrimination (FRAND). We, as a member of these
SDO’s and a significant contributor to a number of adopted standards, have made a number of FRAND
commitments. Some companies have proposed significant new SDO intellectual property policies, some
of which would require a maximum aggregate intellectual property royalty rate for the use of all
essential patents owned by its member companies to be applied to the selling price of any product
implementing the adopted standard. They have further proposed that the maximum aggregate royalty
rate be apportioned to each member company with essential patents based upon the size of its
essential patent portfolio. Recently, NGMN Ltd., an industry standards development group organized
by several wireless operators, has invited other companies in the industry to participate within
NGMN Ltd. subject to IP restrictions substantially similar to these proposals. It is quite early in the
process of discussing and evaluating these proposals but we expect that, once all parties analyze
and understand the full impact of these proposals, they will come to understand that such proposals
are not in the best interests of the industry and would have serious undesirable consequences. For
example, these proposals, if adopted, would discourage research and
development investment, invention and innovation,
incentivize bulk filings of marginal patents, and encourage lobbying for introduction of needless
features into standards. Further, they would discriminate against companies that develop new
technology and enable other companies to manufacture and use products incorporating those new
technologies in favor of such manufacturers and users. We are participating in the process and
expect to channel it into useful improvements of the existing processes. Although the ETSI ad hoc
IPR group has determined that such proposals should not be adopted as amendments to existing ETSI
policies, there can be no assurance that such proposals as described above will not be adopted by
other SDO’s or industry groups, such as the recently formed NGMN Ltd., resulting in a disadvantage
to our business model either by limiting our return on investment with respect to new technologies
or forcing us to work outside of the SDO’s or such other industry groups for promoting our new
technologies.

We depend upon a limited number of third party suppliers to manufacture component parts,
subassemblies and finished goods for our products. If these third party suppliers do not allocate
adequate manufacturing capacity in their facilities to manufacture products on our behalf, or if
there are any disruptions in the operations of, or the
loss of, any of these third parties, it could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to
our customers, reduce our revenue, increase our cost of sales and harm our business.

     Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on available manufacturing capacity and
our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of parts and components from our suppliers. A
reduction or interruption in our product supply source, an inability of our suppliers to react to
shifts in product demand or an increase in component prices could have a material adverse effect on
our business or profitability. Component shortages could adversely affect our ability and that of
our customers to ship products on a timely basis and as a result our customers’ demand

26

Table of Contents

for our products. Any such shipment delays or declines in demand could reduce our revenues and harm our
ability to achieve or sustain desired levels of profitability. Additionally, failure to meet
customer demand in a timely manner could damage our reputation and harm our customer relationships
potentially resulting in reduced market share.

     Our operations may also be harmed by lengthy or recurring disruptions at any of our suppliers
manufacturing facilities and by disruptions in the distribution channels from our suppliers and to
our customers. These disruptions may include labor strikes, work stoppages, widespread illness,
terrorism, war, political unrest, fire, earthquake, flooding or other natural disasters. These
disruptions could cause significant delays in shipments until we are able to shift the products
from an affected manufacturer to another manufacturer. If the affected supplier was a sole source
supplier, we may not be able to resource the product without significant cost and delay. The loss
of a significant third party supplier or the inability of a third party supplier to meet
performance and quality specifications or delivery schedules could harm our ability to meet our
delivery obligations to our customers and negatively impact our revenues and business operations.

     QCT Segment. A supplier’s ability to meet our product manufacturing demand is limited mainly
by their overall capacity and current capacity availability. Although we have entered into
long-term contracts with our suppliers, most of these contracts do not provide for long-term
capacity commitments. To the extent that we do not have firm commitments from our suppliers over a
specific time period, or in any specific quantity, our suppliers may allocate, and in the past have
allocated, capacity to the production of products for their other customers while reducing capacity
to manufacture our products. Accordingly, capacity for our products may not be available when we
need it or available at reasonable prices. We have experienced capacity limitations from our
suppliers in the past and may experience it in the future. During fiscal 2004 and the first quarter
of fiscal 2005, we experienced supply constraints which resulted in our inability to meet certain
customer demand. While we were able to alleviate these supply constraints and improve the supply
and delivery of integrated circuits by working with our existing suppliers to increase available
manufacturing capacity, and by increasing and extending our firm orders to our suppliers, there can
be no assurance that we will not experience supply constraints in the future, which could result in
our failure to meet customer demand.

     While our goal is to establish alternate suppliers for technologies that we consider critical,
some of our integrated circuits products are only available from single sources, with which we do
not have long-term contracts. Our reliance on sole or limited-source vendors involves significant
risks including possible shortages of manufacturing capacity, poor product performance and reduced
control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capability and yields, quality assurance, quantity
and costs.

     In the event of a loss of, or a decision to change a key third party supplier, qualifying a
new foundry supplier and commencing volume production or testing could involve delay and expense,
resulting in lost revenues, reduced operating margins and possible loss of customers. We work
closely with our customers to expedite their processes for evaluating new integrated circuits from
our foundry suppliers; however, in some instances, transition of integrated circuit production to a
new foundry supplier may cause a temporary decline in shipments of specific integrated circuits to
individual customers.

     QMT Division. QMT needs to form and maintain reliable business relationships with flat panel
display manufacturers or other targeted partners to support the manufacture of iMoD displays in
commercial volumes. All of our current relationships have been for the development and limited
production of certain iMoD display panels and/or modules. Some or all of these relationships may
not succeed or, even if they are successful, may not result in the display manufacturers’ entering
into material supply relationships with us.

We are expanding our manufacturing model to purchase completed die from semiconductor manufacturing
foundries and to contract directly with third party manufacturers for assembly and test services.
This new production model may increase costs and lower our control over the manufacturing process.

     To further enable flexibility of supply and access to potential new foundry suppliers, and in
response to the complexity of our product roadmap, starting in fiscal 2005, we expanded our
manufacturing model to include purchasing completed die directly from semiconductor manufacturing
foundries. Under our IFM model, we directly manage and contract with third party manufacturers for
back-end assembly and test services, and we ship the completed integrated circuits to our
customers. We expect to increase the volume of our purchases of completed die directly from our
foundry suppliers under our IFM model and to continue to purchase the majority of our requirements
for integrated circuit products on a turnkey basis. We have a limited history of working with these
third party suppliers under this expanded manufacturing model, and their services and volume of
activity may not be

27

Table of Contents

completely reliable during the initial stages. We cannot guarantee that this
change will not cause disruptions in our operations that could harm our ability to meet our
delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost of sales.

Our suppliers may also be our competitors putting us at a disadvantage for pricing and capacity
allocation.

     One or more of our suppliers may obtain licenses from us to manufacture CDMA-based integrated
circuits that compete with our products. In this event, the supplier could elect to allocate raw
materials and manufacturing capacity to their own products and reduce deliveries to us to our
detriment. In addition, we may not receive reasonable pricing, manufacturing or delivery terms. We
cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations
that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost
of sales.

We, and our licensees, are subject to the risks of conducting business outside the United States.

     A significant part of our strategy involves our continued pursuit of growth opportunities in a
number of international markets. We market, sell and service our products internationally. We have
established sales offices around the world. We expect to continue to expand our international sales
operations and enter new international markets. This expansion will require significant management
attention and financial resources to successfully develop direct and indirect international sales
and support channels, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that our expenditures
in this effort will not exceed the amount of any resulting revenues. If we are not able to maintain
or increase international market demand for our products and technologies, we may not be able to
maintain a desired rate of growth in our business.

     Our international customers sell their products to markets throughout the world, including
China, India, Japan, South Korea, North America, South America and Europe. We distinguish revenues
from external customers by geographic areas based on customer location. Consolidated revenues from
international customers as a percentage of total revenues were 87%, 82% and 79% in fiscal 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. Because most of our foreign sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, our
products and those of our customers and licensees that are sold in U.S. dollars become less
price-competitive in international markets if the value of the U.S. dollar increases relative to
foreign currencies.

     In many international markets, barriers to entry are created by long-standing relationships
between our potential customers and their local service providers and protective regulations,
including local content and service requirements. In addition, our pursuit of international growth
opportunities may require significant investments for an extended period before we realize returns,
if any, on our investments. Our business could be adversely affected by a variety of uncontrollable
and changing factors, including:

•

changes in legal or regulatory requirements, including regulations governing the
materials used in our products;

•

legal or regulatory limitations on the spectrum available for the deployment of
CDMA-based technologies;

•

difficulty in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights and/or
contracts in a particular foreign jurisdiction, including challenges to our licensing
practices under such jurisdictions’ competition laws;

•

our inability to succeed in significant foreign markets, such as China, India or Europe;

•

cultural differences in the conduct of business;

•

difficulty in attracting qualified personnel and managing foreign activities;

•

recessions in economies outside the United States;

•

longer payment cycles for and greater difficulties collecting accounts receivable;

•

export controls, tariffs and other trade protection measures;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

28

Table of Contents

•

inflation and deflation;

•

nationalization, expropriation and limitations on repatriation of cash;

•

social, economic and political instability;

•

natural disasters, acts of terrorism, widespread illness and war;

•

taxation; and

•

changes in laws and policies affecting trade, foreign investments, licensing practices and loans.

     In addition to general risks associated with our international sales, licensing activities and
operations, we are also subject to risks specific to the individual countries in which we do
business. We cannot be certain that the laws and policies of any country with respect to
intellectual property enforcement or licensing, issuance of wireless licenses or the adoption of
standards will not be changed or enforced in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to
the sale or use of our products or technology. Declines in currency values in selected regions may
adversely affect our operating results because our products and those of our customers and
licensees may become more expensive to purchase in the countries of the affected currencies. During
fiscal 2006, 70% of our revenues were from customers and licensees based in South Korea, Japan and
China, as compared to 69% during fiscal 2005 and 68% during fiscal 2004. These customers sell their
products to markets worldwide, including Japan, South Korea, China, India, North America, South
America and Europe. A significant downturn in the economies of Asian countries where many of our
customers and licensees are located, particularly the economies of South Korea, Japan and China, or
the economies of the major markets they serve would materially harm our business.

     The wireless markets in Brazil, China and India, among others, represent growth opportunities
for us. If wireless operators in Brazil, China or India, or the governments of Brazil, China or
India, make technology deployment or other decisions that result in actions that are adverse to the
expansion of CDMA technologies, our business could be harmed.

     We are subject to risks in certain global markets in which wireless operators provide
subsidies on phone sales to their customers. Increases in phone prices that negatively impact phone
sales can result from changes in regulatory policies related to phone subsidies. Limitations or
changes in policy on phone subsidies in South Korea, Japan, China and other countries may have
additional negative impacts on our revenues.

     We expect that royalty revenues from international licensees based upon sales of their
products outside of the United States will continue to represent a significant portion of our total
revenues in the future. Our royalty revenues from international licensees are denominated in U.S.
dollars. To the extent that such licensees’ products are sold in foreign currencies, any royalties
that we derive as a result of such sales are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. In
addition, if the effective price of products sold by our customers were to increase as a result of
fluctuations in the exchange rate of the relevant currencies, demand for the products could fall,
which in turn would reduce our royalty revenues.

Currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenue, harm our
ability to collect receivables, or increase the U.S. dollar cost of the activities of our foreign
subsidiaries and international strategic investments.

     We are exposed to risk from fluctuations in currencies, which may change over time as our
business practices evolve, that could impact our operating results, liquidity and financial
condition. We operate and invest globally. Adverse movements in currency exchange rates may
negatively affect our business due to a number of situations, including the following:

•

Assets or liabilities of our consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign investees that
are not denominated in the functional currency of those entities are subject to the
effects of currency fluctuations, which may affect our reported earnings. Our exposure
to foreign currencies may increase as we expand into new markets.

•

Investments in our consolidated foreign subsidiaries and in other foreign entities
that use the local currency as the functional currency may decline in value as a result
of declines in local currency values.

29

Table of Contents

•

Certain of our revenues, such as royalty revenues, are derived from licensee or
customer sales that are denominated in foreign currencies. If these revenues are not
subject to foreign exchange hedging transactions, weakening of currency values in
selected regions could adversely affect our anticipated revenues and cash flows.

•

We may engage in foreign exchange hedging transactions that could affect our cash
flows and earnings because they may require the payment of structuring fees, and they
may limit the U.S. dollar value of royalties from licensees’ sales that are denominated
in foreign currencies.

•

Our trade receivables are generally U.S. dollar denominated. Any significant
increase in the value of the dollar against our customers’ or licensees’ functional
currencies could result in an increase in our customers’ or licensees’ cash flow
requirements and could consequently affect our ability to sell products and collect
receivables.

•

Strengthening of currency values in selected regions may adversely affect our
operating results because the activities of our foreign subsidiaries may become more
expensive in U.S. dollars.

•

Strengthening of currency values in selected regions may adversely affect our cash
flows and investment results because strategic investment obligations denominated in
foreign currencies may become more expensive, and the U.S. dollar cost of equity in
losses of foreign investees may increase.

We may engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions that could result in significant changes or
management disruption and fail to enhance stockholder value.

     From time to time, we engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions with the goal of
maximizing stockholder value. We have acquired businesses, entered into joint ventures and made
strategic investments in or loans to CDMA wireless operators, early-stage companies, or venture
funds to support our business, including the global adoption of CDMA-based technologies and related
services. Most of our strategic investments entail a high degree of risk and will not become liquid
until more than one year from the date of investment, if at all. We cannot provide assurance that
our acquisitions or strategic investments (either those we currently have completed or may
undertake in the future) will generate financial returns or that they will result in increased
adoption or continued use of our technologies.

     Achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions will depend in part upon our ability to
integrate the acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The integration of two
companies that have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, and we
may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. The difficulties of
integrating two companies include, among others:

•

retaining key employees;

•

maintenance of important relationships of QUALCOMM and the acquired business;

•

minimizing the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business matters;

•

coordinating geographically separate organizations;

•

consolidating research and development operations; and

•

consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures.

     We cannot assure you that the integration of the acquired businesses with our business will
result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated by us to result from the acquisition. We
may not derive any commercial value from the acquired technology, products and intellectual
property or from future technologies and products based on the acquired technology and/or
intellectual property, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification
protection we may obtain.

     We will continue to evaluate potential future transactions that we believe may enhance
stockholder value. These potential future transactions may include a variety of different business
arrangements, including acquisitions, spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures,
restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and equity or debt investments. Although our
goal is to maximize stockholder value, such transactions may impair stockholder value or otherwise
adversely affect our business and the trading price of our stock. Any such transaction may require
us to

30

Table of Contents

incur non-recurring or other charges and/or to consolidate or record our equity in losses and
may pose significant integration challenges and/or management and business disruptions, any of
which could harm our operating results and business.

Defects or errors in our products and services or in products made by our suppliers could harm our
relations with our customers and expose us to liability. Similar problems related to the products
of our customers or licensees could harm our business.

     Our products are inherently complex and may contain defects and errors that are detected only
when the products are in use. Further, because our products and services are responsible for
critical functions in our customers’ products and/or networks, such defects or errors could have a
serious impact on our customers, which could damage our reputation, harm our customer relationships
and expose us to liability. Defects or impurities in our components, materials or software or those
used by our customers or licensees, equipment failures or other difficulties could adversely affect
our ability and that of our customers and licensees to ship products on a timely basis as well as
customer or licensee demand for our products. Any such shipment delays or declines in demand could
reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain desired levels of profitability. We
and our customers or licensees may also experience component or software failures or defects that
could require significant product recalls, reworks and/or repairs which are not covered by warranty
reserves and which could consume a substantial portion of the capacity of our third party
manufacturers or those of our customers or licensees. Resolving any defect or failure related
issues could consume financial and/or engineering resources that could affect future product
release schedules. Additionally, a defect or failure in our products or the products of our
customers or licensees could harm our reputation and/or adversely affect the growth of 3G wireless
markets.

     As our product complexities increase, we are required to migrate to integrated circuit
technologies with smaller geometric feature sizes such as 90nm, 65nm, etc. The design process
interface issues are more complex as we enter into these new domains of technology, which adds
risks on yield and reliability. In addition, the timely readiness of our foundry suppliers to
support such technology changes could impact our ability to meet customer demand, revenue, and cost
expectations. The timing of acceptance of the smaller technology designs by our customers may
subject us to the risk of excess inventories of earlier designs.

Global economic conditions that impact the wireless communications industry could negatively affect
our revenues and operating results.

     Global economic conditions can have wide-ranging effects on markets that we serve,
particularly wireless communications equipment manufacturers and wireless network operators. We
cannot predict negative events, such as war, that may have adverse effects on the economy or on
phone inventories at CDMA-based equipment manufacturers and operators. The continued threat of
terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future
acts of terrorism, may cause disruptions to the global economy and to the wireless communications
industry and create uncertainties. Recent reports suggest that inflation could have adverse
effects on the global economy and capital markets. Inflation could adversely affect our customers,
including their ability to obtain financing, upgrade wireless networks and purchase our products
and services, and our end consumers, by lowering their standards of living and diminishing their
ability to purchase wireless devices based on our technology. Inflation could also increase our
costs of raw materials and operating expenses and harm our business in other ways. Should such
negative events occur, subsequent economic recovery might not benefit us in the near term. If it
does not, our ability to increase or maintain our revenues and operating results may be impaired.
In addition, because we intend to continue to make significant investments in research and
development and to maintain extensive ongoing customer service and support capability, any decline
in the rate of growth of our revenues will have a significant adverse impact on our operating
results.

Our industry is subject to competition that could result in decreased demand for our products and
the products of our customers and licensees and/or declining average selling prices for our
licensees’ products and our products, negatively affecting our revenues and operating results.

     We currently face significant competition in our markets and expect that competition will
continue. Competition in the telecommunications market is affected by various factors, including:

•

comprehensiveness of products and technologies;

•

value added features which drive replacement rates;

31

Table of Contents

•

manufacturing capability;

•

scalability and the ability of the system technology to meet customers’ immediate and
future network requirements;

•

product performance and quality;

•

design and engineering capabilities;

•

compliance with industry standards;

•

time-to-market;

•

system cost; and

•

customer support.

     This competition may result in increased development costs and reduced average selling prices
for our products and those of our customers and licensees. Reductions in the average selling price
of our licensees’ products, unless offset by an increase in volumes, generally result in reduced
royalties payable to us. While pricing pressures from competition may, to a large extent, be
mitigated by the introduction of new features and functionality in our licensees’ products, there
is no guarantee that such mitigation will occur. We anticipate that additional competitors will
enter our markets as a result of growth opportunities in wireless telecommunications, the trend
toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy
changes and relatively low barriers to entry in selected segments of the industry.

     Companies that promote non-CDMA technologies (e.g. GSM and WiMax) and companies that design
competing CDMA-based integrated circuits are included amongst our competitors. Examples of such
competitors (some of whom are strategic partners of ours in other areas) include Agere, Broadcom,
EoNex Technologies, Ericsson, Freescale, Fujitsu, Intel, NEC, Nokia, Samsung, Texas Instruments and
VIA Telecom. With respect to our QWBS business, our competitors are aggressively pricing products
and services and are offering new value-added products and services which may impact margins,
intensify competition in current and new markets and harm our ability to compete in certain
markets.

     Many of these current and potential competitors have advantages over us, including:

•

longer operating histories and presence in key markets;

•

greater name recognition;

•

motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to find alternate suppliers;

•

access to larger customer bases;

•

economies of scale and cost structure advantages; and

•

greater sales and marketing, manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than we have.

     As a result of these and other factors, our competitors may be more successful than us. In
addition, we anticipate additional competitors will enter the market for products based on 3G
standards. These competitors may have more established relationships and distribution channels in
markets not currently deploying CDMA-based wireless communications technology. These competitors
also may have established or may establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves or
with our existing or potential customers, resellers or other third parties. These relationships may
affect our customers’ decisions to purchase products or license technology from us. Accordingly,
new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
share to our detriment.

     While we continue to believe our iMoD displays will offer compelling advantages to the display
market, there can be no assurance that other technologies will not continue to improve in ways that
reduce the advantages we anticipate from our iMoD displays. The flat panel display market is
currently, and we believe will likely continue to be for some time, dominated by displays based on
liquid crystal display (LCD) technology. Numerous companies are making substantial investments in,
and conducting research to improve characteristics of LCDs. Additionally, several other flat panel
display technologies have been, or are being, developed, including technologies for the production
of

32

Table of Contents

organic light-emitting diode (OLED), field emission, inorganic electroluminescence, gas plasma
and vacuum fluorescent displays. In each case, advances in LCD or other flat panel display
technologies could result in technologies that are more cost effective, have fewer display
limitations, or can be brought to market faster than our iMoD technology. These advances in
competing technologies might cause display manufacturers to avoid entering into commercial
relationships with us, or not renew planned or existing relationships with us.

Our business and operating results will be harmed if we are unable to manage growth in our
business.

     Certain of our businesses have experienced periods of rapid growth and/or increased their
international activities, placing significant demands on our managerial, operational and financial
resources. In order to manage growth and geographic expansion, we must continue to improve and
develop our management, operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control
and delivery and service capabilities. We also need to continue to expand, train and manage our
employee base. We must carefully manage research and development capabilities and production and
inventory levels to meet product demand, new product introductions and product and technology
transitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand
and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers and licensees.

     In addition, inaccuracies in our demand forecasts, or failure of the systems used to develop
the forecasts, could quickly result in either insufficient or excessive inventories and
disproportionate overhead expenses. If we ineffectively manage our growth or are unsuccessful in
recruiting and retaining personnel, our business and operating results will be harmed.

Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market
downturns.

     Our revenues, earnings and other operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past
and may fluctuate significantly in the future. General economic or other conditions causing a
downturn in the market for our products or technology, and in turn affecting the timing of customer
orders or causing cancellations or rescheduling of orders, could also adversely affect our
operating results. Moreover, our customers may change delivery schedules, cancel or reduce orders
without incurring significant penalties and generally are not subject to minimum purchase
requirements.

     Our future operating results will be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to:
our ability to retain existing or secure anticipated customers or licensees, both domestically and
internationally; our ability to develop, introduce and market new technology, products and services
on a timely basis; management of inventory by us and our customers and their customers in response
to shifts in market demand; changes in the mix of technology and products developed, licensed,
produced and sold; seasonal customer demand; the Flarion acquisition; and other factors described
elsewhere in this Annual Report and in these risk factors. Our cash investments represent a
significant asset that may be subject to fluctuating or even negative returns depending upon
interest rate movements and financial market conditions in fixed income and equity securities.

     These factors affecting our future operating results are difficult to forecast and could harm
our quarterly and/or annual operating results. If our operating results fail to meet the financial
guidance we provide to investors, or the expectations of investment analysts or investors in any
period, securities class action litigation could be brought against us and/or the market price of
our common stock could decline.

Our stock price may be volatile.

     The stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology-based and wireless
communications companies in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated
to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock
has fluctuated in the past and is likely to fluctuate in the future as well. Factors that may have
a significant impact on the market price of our stock include:

•

announcements concerning us or our competitors, including the selection of wireless
communications technology by wireless operators and the timing of the roll-out of those
systems;

•

receipt of substantial orders or order cancellations for integrated circuits and
system software products;

•

quality deficiencies in services or products;

•

announcements regarding financial developments or technological innovations;

33

Table of Contents

•

international developments, such as technology mandates, political developments or
changes in economic policies;

•

lack of capital to invest in 3G networks;

•

new commercial products;

•

changes in recommendations of securities analysts;

•

general stock market volatility;

•

government regulations, including share-based compensation accounting and tax regulations;

•

energy blackouts;

•

acts of terrorism and war;

•

inflation and deflation;

•

widespread illness;

•

proprietary rights or product or patent litigation against us or against our customers or licensees;

•

strategic transactions, such as acquisitions and divestitures; or

•

rumors or allegations regarding our financial disclosures or practices.

     Our future earnings and stock price may be subject to volatility, particularly on a quarterly
basis. Shortfalls in our revenues or earnings in any given period relative to the levels expected
by securities analysts could immediately, significantly and adversely affect the trading price of
our common stock.

     In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company
following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Due to changes in the
volatility of our stock price, we may be the target of securities litigation in the future.
Securities litigation could result in substantial uninsured costs and divert management’s attention
and resources. In addition, stock price volatility may be precipitated by failure to meet earnings
expectations or other factors, such as the potential uncertainty in future reported earnings
created by the assumptions used for share-based compensation and the related valuation models used to
determine such expense.

Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and we must make substantial investments in
new products and technologies to compete successfully.

     New technological innovations generally require a substantial investment before they are
commercially viable. We intend to continue to make substantial investments in developing new
products and technologies, and it is possible that our development efforts will not be successful
and that our new technologies will not result in meaningful revenues. In particular, we intend to
continue to invest significant resources in developing integrated circuit products to support
high-speed wireless Internet access and multimode, multiband, multinetwork operation and multimedia
applications, which encompass development of graphical display, camera and video capabilities, as
well as higher computational capability and lower power on-chip computers and signal processors.
While our research and development activities have resulted in inventions relating to applications
of GPRS, EDGE, OFDM, OFDMA and MIMO, and hundreds of issued or pending patent applications, there
can be no assurance that our patent portfolio in these areas would be as valuable as our CDMA
portfolio. Further, if OFDMA technology is not adopted and deployed commercially, our investment in
Flarion and OFDMA technology may not provide us an adequate return on our investment. We also
continue to invest in the development of our BREW applications development platform, our MediaFLO
MDS and FLO technology and our iMoD display technology. All of these new products and technologies
face significant competition, and we cannot assure you that the revenues generated from these
products or the timing of the deployment of these products or technologies, which may be dependent
on the actions of others, will meet our expectations. We cannot be certain that we will make the
additional advances in development that may be essential to successfully commercialize our iMoD
technology.

34

Table of Contents

     The market for our products and technology is characterized by many factors, including:

•

rapid technological advances and evolving industry standards;

•

changes in customer requirements;

•

frequent introductions of new products and enhancements;

•

evolving methods for transmission of wireless voice and data communications; and

•

intense competition from companies with greater resources, customer relationships and
distribution capabilities.

     Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to develop and introduce new
products, technology and enhancements on a timely basis. Our future success will also depend on our
ability to keep pace with technological developments, protect our intellectual property, satisfy
customer requirements, price our products competitively and achieve market acceptance. The
introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards
could render our existing products and technology, and products and technology currently under
development, obsolete and unmarketable. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to
technological developments or customer requirements, or experience any significant delays in
development, introduction or shipment of our products and technology in commercial quantities,
demand for our products and our customers’ and licensees’ products that use our technology could
decrease, and our competitive position could be damaged.

Changes in financial accounting standards related to share-based payments are expected to continue
to have a significant effect on our reported results.

     On September 26, 2005, we adopted the revised statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
FAS 123 (FAS 123R), “Share-Based Payment,” which requires that we record compensation expense in
the statement of operations for share-based payments, such as employee stock options, using the
fair value method. The adoption of this new standard is expected to continue to have a significant
effect on our reported earnings, although it will not affect our cash flows, and could adversely
impact our ability to provide accurate guidance on our future reported financial results due to the
variability of the factors used to estimate the values of share-based payments. If factors change
and we employ different assumptions or different valuation methods in the application of FAS 123R
in future periods, the compensation expense that we record under FAS 123R may differ significantly
from what we have recorded in the current period, which could negatively affect our stock price and
our stock price volatility.

Potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results.

     We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe
our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation
could be materially different than that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and
accruals. In such case, a material effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period
or periods in which that determination is made could result.

If we experience product liability claims or recalls, we may incur significant expenses and
experience decreased demand for our products.

     Testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our products and those of our licensees and
customers entail the risk of product liability. The use of wireless devices containing our products
to access un-trusted content creates a risk of exposing the system software in those devices to
viral or malicious attacks. We continue to expand our focus on this issue and take measures to
safeguard the software from this threat. However, this issue carries the risk of general product
liability along with the associated impacts on reputation and demand. Although we believe our
product liability insurance will be adequate to protect against product liability claims, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain such insurance at a reasonable cost or in
sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to product liability. Our inability to maintain
insurance at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims
could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and those of our licensees and
customers and harm our future operating results. Furthermore, not all losses associated with
alleged product failure are insurable. In addition, a product liability claim or recall, whether
against our licensees, customers, or us could harm our reputation and result in decreased demand
for our products.

35

Table of Contents

The high amount of capital required to obtain radio frequency licenses, deploy and expand wireless
networks and obtain new subscribers could slow the growth of the wireless communications industry
and adversely affect our business.

     Our growth is dependent upon the increased use of wireless communications services that
utilize our technology. In order to provide wireless communications services, wireless operators
must obtain rights to use specific radio frequencies. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in
the United States and other countries throughout the world, and limited spectrum space is allocated
to wireless communications services. Industry growth may be affected by the amount of capital
required to: obtain licenses to use new frequencies; deploy wireless networks to offer voice and
data services; expand wireless networks to grow voice and data services; and obtain new
subscribers. The significant cost of licenses, wireless networks and subscriber additions may slow
the growth of the industry if wireless operators are unable to obtain or service the additional
capital necessary to implement or expand 3G wireless networks. Our growth could be adversely
affected if this occurs.

If wireless phones pose safety risks, we may be subject to new regulations, and demand for our
products and those of our licensees and customers may decrease.

     Concerns over the effects of radio frequency emissions, even if unfounded, may have the effect
of discouraging the use of wireless phones, which would decrease demand for our products and those
of our licensees and customers. In recent years, the FCC and foreign regulatory agencies have
updated the guidelines and methods they use for evaluating radio frequency emissions from radio
equipment, including wireless phones. In addition, interest groups have requested that the FCC
investigate claims that wireless communications technologies pose health concerns and cause
interference with airbags, hearing aids and medical devices. Concerns have also been expressed over
the possibility of safety risks due to a lack of attention associated with the use of wireless
phones while driving. Any legislation that may be adopted in response to these expressions of
concern could reduce demand for our products and those of our licensees and customers in the United
States as well as foreign countries.

Our QWBS business depends on the availability of satellite and other networks.

     Our OmniTRACS and OmniVision systems currently operate in the United States market on leased
Ku-band satellite transponders. Our primary data satellite transponder and position reporting
satellite transponder lease runs through October 2012 and includes transponder and satellite
protection (back-up capacity in the event of a transponder or satellite failure), which we believe
will provide sufficient transponder capacity for our United States OmniTRACS and OmniVision
operations through fiscal 2012. A failure to maintain adequate satellite capacity could harm our
business, operating results, liquidity and financial position. QWBS terrestrial-based products rely
on various wireless terrestrial communication networks operated by third parties. The
unavailability or nonperformance of these network systems could harm our business.

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.

     Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a
Disaster Recovery Plan for our internal information technology networking systems, our systems are
vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural
disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. Any system failure, accident or security
breach that causes interruptions in our operations or to our customers’ or licensees’ operations
could result in a material disruption to our business. To the extent that any disruption or
security breach results in a loss or damage to our customers’ data or applications, or
inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. In
addition, we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or
security breaches.

     Message transmissions for QWBS operations are formatted and processed at the Network
Management Center in San Diego, California, with a fully redundant backup Network Management Center
located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Both centers, operated by us, are subject to system failures, which
could interrupt the services and have an adverse effect on our operating results.

     From time to time, we install new or upgraded business management systems. To the extent such
systems fail or are not properly implemented, we may experience material disruptions to our
business, delays in our external financial reporting or failures in our system of internal
controls, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

36

Table of Contents

Noncompliance with environmental or safety regulations could cause us to incur significant expenses
and harm our business.

     As part of the development of our iMoD display technology, we are operating a research and
development fabrication facility. The development of iMoD display prototypes is a complex and
precise process involving hazardous materials subject to environmental and safety regulations.
Failure or inability to comply with existing or future environmental and safety regulations could
result in significant remediation liabilities, the imposition of fines and/or the suspension or
termination of development activities.

We cannot assure stockholders that our stock repurchase program will result in a positive return of
capital to stockholders.

     At September 24, 2006, we have remaining authority to repurchase up to $0.9 billion of our
common stock, net of outstanding put options. There can be no assurance that stock repurchases will
create value for stockholders because the market price of the stock may decline significantly below
the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Our stock purchase program is intended to
deliver stockholder value over the long-term, but short-term stock price fluctuations can reduce
the program’s effectiveness.

     As part of our stock repurchase program, we may sell put options or engage in structured
derivative transactions to reduce the cost of repurchasing stock. In the event of a significant and
unexpected drop in stock price, these arrangements may require us to repurchase stock at price
levels that are significantly above the then-prevailing market price of our stock. Such
overpayments may have an adverse effect on the effectiveness of our overall stock repurchase
program and may lose value for our stockholders.

We cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends at all or in any particular
amounts.

     We intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends subject to capital availability and periodic
determinations that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders. Future dividends
may be affected by, among other items, our views on potential future capital requirements,
including those related to research and development, creation and expansion of sales distribution
channels and investments and acquisitions, legal risks, stock repurchase programs, changes in
federal income tax law and changes to our business model. Our dividend payments may change from
time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends at all or
in any particular amounts. A reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our
stock price.

Government regulation may adversely affect our business.

     Our products and those of our customers and licensees are subject to various regulations,
including FCC regulations in the United States and other international regulations, as well as the
specifications of national, regional and international standards bodies. Changes in the regulation
of our activities, including changes in the allocation of available spectrum by the United States
government and other governments or exclusion or limitation of our technology or products by a
government or standards body, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, liquidity and financial position.

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.

     Our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our board members, executive
officers and other key management and technical personnel. Our success also depends on our ability
to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, implementing our
product and business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, and our revenues
are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for such specialized
engineering and other talented employees in our industry is extremely competitive. In addition,
existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled
foreign national graduates of U.S. universities, making the pool of available talent even smaller.
Key employees represent a significant asset, and the competition for these employees is intense in
the wireless communications industry. In the event of a labor shortage, or in the event of an
unfavorable change in prevailing labor and/or immigration laws, we could experience difficulty
attracting and retaining qualified employees. We continue to anticipate increases in human
resources, particularly in engineering, through fiscal 2007. If we are unable to attract and retain
the qualified employees that we need, our business may be harmed.

     We may have particular difficulty attracting and retaining key personnel in periods of poor
operating performance given the significant use of incentive compensation by our competitors. We do
not have employment agreements with our key management personnel and do not maintain key person
life insurance on any of our personnel. The loss

37

Table of Contents

of one or more of our key employees or our
inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel could negatively impact our ability
to design, develop and commercialize our products and technology.

     Since our inception, we have used stock options and other long-term equity incentives as a
fundamental component of our employee compensation packages. We believe that stock options and
other long-term equity incentives directly motivate our employees to maximize long-term stockholder
value and, using long-term vesting, encourage employees to remain with us. To the extent that new
regulations make it less attractive to grant options to employees, we may incur increased
compensation costs, change our equity compensation strategy or find it difficult to attract, retain
and motivate employees, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business.

Future changes in financial accounting standards or practices or existing taxation rules or
practices may cause adverse unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our reported results of
operations.

     A change in accounting standards or practices or a change in existing taxation rules or
practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting
of transactions completed before the change is effective. New and often complex accounting
pronouncements, taxation rules, and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements and
taxation practice have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the
questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we
conduct our business.

Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in
additional expenses.

     Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. New or changed laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases. As a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate
governance and public disclosure. Complying with evolving interpretations of new or changed legal
requirements may cause us to incur higher costs as we revise current practices, policies and
procedures, and may divert management time and attention from revenue generating to compliance
activities. If our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ
from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to
practice, our reputation might also be harmed. In addition, it has become more difficult and more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance, and we have purchased reduced coverage at substantially higher cost than
in the past. Further, our board members, chief executive officer and chief financial officer could
face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As
a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive
officers, which could harm our business.

Our charter documents and Delaware law could limit transactions in which stockholders might obtain
a premium over current market prices.

     Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that requires the approval of holders of
at least 66 2/3% of our voting stock as a condition to certain mergers or other business
transactions with, or proposed by, a holder of 15% or more of our voting stock. Under our charter
documents, stockholders are not permitted to call special meetings of our stockholders or to act by
written consent. These charter provisions may discourage certain types of transactions involving an
actual or potential change in our control, including those offering stockholders a premium over
current market prices. These provisions may also limit our stockholders’ ability to approve
transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.

     Further,
our Board of Directors has the authority under Delaware law to fix the rights and
preferences of and issue shares of preferred stock, and our preferred share purchase rights
agreement will cause substantial dilution to the ownership of a person or group that attempts to
acquire us on terms not approved by our Board of Directors. While our Board of Directors approved
our preferred share purchase rights agreement to provide the board with greater ability to maximize
shareholder value, these rights could deter takeover attempts that the board finds inadequate and
make it more difficult to bring about a change in our ownership.