You should consider each of the following factors as well as the other information in this
Annual Report in evaluating our business and our prospects. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently consider immaterial may also
impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business and
financial results could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could
decline. You should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including
our financial statements and the related notes.

14

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Businesses

Our revenues are dependent on the commercial deployment of our CDMA- and OFDMA-based technologies
and upgrades of 3G and 3G/4G multimode wireless communications equipment, products and services
based on our technologies.

     We develop, patent and commercialize CDMA- and OFDMA-based technologies. Our revenues are
dependent upon the commercial deployment of our technologies and upgrades of 3G and 3G/4G multimode
wireless communications equipment, products and services based on our technologies. Our business
may be harmed, and our investments in these technologies may not provide us an adequate return if:

•

wireless operators delay 3G and/or 3G/4G multimode deployments, expansions or upgrades;

•

LTE, an OFDMA-based wireless standard, is not widely deployed or commercial deployment
is delayed; or

•

wireless operators deploy other technologies.

     Our business is dependent on our ability to increase our market share and to continue to drive
the adoption of our products and services into 3G, 3G/4G multimode and 4G wireless device markets.
We are also dependent on the success of our customers, licensees and CDMA- and OFDMA-based wireless
operators, as well as the timing of their deployment of new services. Our licensees and CDMA- or
OFDMA-based wireless operators may incur lower gross margins on products or services based on our
technologies than on products using alternative technologies as a result of greater competition or
other factors. If commercial deployment of our technologies and upgrades to 3G, 3G/4G multimode or
4G wireless communications equipment, products and services based on our technologies do not
continue or are delayed, our revenues could be negatively impacted, and our business could suffer.

Our revenues can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of CDMA- and/or
OFDMA-based technologies or by the need to extend certain existing license agreements to cover
additional later patents.

     Although we own a very strong portfolio of issued and pending patents related to GSM, GPRS,
EDGE, OFDM, OFDMA and/or Multiple Input, Multiple Output (MIMO) technologies, our patent portfolio
licensing program in these areas is less established and might not be as successful in generating
licensing income as our CDMA portfolio licensing program. Many wireless operators are investigating
or have selected LTE (or to a lesser extent WiMax) as next-generation technologies for deployment
in existing or future spectrum bands as complementary to their existing CDMA-based networks.
Although we believe that our patented technology is essential and useful to implementation of the
LTE and WiMax industry standards and have granted royalty-bearing licenses to nine companies to
make and sell products implementing those standards but not implementing 3G standards, we might not
achieve the same royalty revenues on such LTE or WiMax products as on CDMA-based or multimode
CDMA/OFDMA-based products.

     The licenses granted to and from us under a number of our license agreements include only
patents that are either filed or issued prior to a certain date and, in a small number of
agreements, royalties are payable on those patents for a specified time period. As a result, there
are agreements with some licensees where later patents are not licensed by or to us under our
license agreements. In order to license any such later patents, we will need to extend or modify
our license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such licensees. We might not be
able to modify such license agreements in the future to license any such later patents or extend
such date(s) to incorporate later patents without affecting the material terms and conditions of
our license agreements with such licensees, and such modifications may impact our revenues.

Global economic conditions that impact the wireless communications industry could negatively affect
the demand for our products and our customers’ products, which may negatively affect our revenues.

     Despite the recent improvements in market conditions, a future decline in global economic
conditions, particularly in geographic regions with high customer concentrations, could have
adverse, wide-ranging effects on demand for our products and for the products of our customers,
particularly wireless communications equipment manufacturers or others in the wireless industry,
such as wireless operators. Other unexpected negative events may have adverse effects on the
economy, on demand for wireless device products or on wireless device inventories at equipment
manufacturers and wireless operators. In addition, our direct and indirect customers’ ability to
purchase or pay for our products and services, obtain financing and upgrade wireless networks could
be adversely affected by economic conditions, leading to cancellation or delay of orders for our
products.

Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could
result in decreased demand for our products and the products of our customers and licensees,
declining average selling

15

Table of Contents

prices for our licensees’ products and our products and/or new
specifications or requirements placed upon our products, each of which could negatively affect our
revenues and operating results.

     Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and we must make substantial
investments in new products, services and technologies to compete successfully. New technological
innovations generally require a substantial investment before they are commercially viable. We
intend to continue to make substantial investments in developing new products and technologies, and
it is possible that our development efforts will not be successful and that our new technologies
will not result in meaningful revenues. Our products, services and technologies face significant
competition, and we cannot assure you that the revenues generated or the timing of their
deployment, which may be dependent on the actions of others, will meet our expectations.
Competition in the telecommunications market is affected by various factors that include, among
others: evolving industry standards, evolving methods of transmission for wireless voice and data
communications; value-added features that drive replacement rates and selling prices; scalability
and the ability of the system technology to meet customers’ immediate and future network
requirements.

     Our future success will depend on, among other factors, our ability to:

•

continue to keep pace with technological developments;

•

drive adoption of our integrated circuit products across a broad spectrum of wireless
devices sold by our customers and licensees;

•

develop and introduce new products, services, technologies and enhancements on a timely
basis;

•

effectively develop and commercialize turnkey, integrated product offerings that
incorporate our integrated circuits, software, user interface and applications;

•

become a preferred partner for operating system platforms, such as Android and Windows
Mobile;

•

focus our services businesses on key platforms that create standalone value or contribute
to the success of our other businesses; and

•

succeed in significant foreign markets, such as China, India and Europe.

     Companies that promote non-CDMA technologies (e.g., GSM, WiMax) and companies that design
CDMA-based integrated circuits are generally competitors or potential competitors. Examples (some
of whom are strategic partners of ours in other areas) include Broadcom, Freescale, Fujitsu, Icera,
Infineon, Intel, Marvell Technology, Mediatek, nVidia, Renesas Electronics, ST-Ericsson (a joint
venture between Ericsson Mobile Platforms and ST-NXP Wireless), Texas Instruments and VIA Telecom.
Many of these current and potential competitors have advantages over us that include, among others:
motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to find alternate suppliers; government
support of other technologies; and more extensive relationships with indigenous distribution and
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) companies in developing territories (e.g., China).

     In addition to the foregoing, we have seen, and believe we will continue to see, an increase
in customers requesting that we develop products, including chipsets and associated software, that
will incorporate “open source” software elements and operate in an “open source” environment, which
may offer accessibility to a portion of a product’s source code and may expose related intellectual
property to adverse licensing conditions. Developing open source products, with regard to
adequately protecting the intellectual property rights upon which our licensing business depends,
may prove burdensome under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage
for new product designs.

     Competition may reduce average selling prices for our chipset products and the products of our
customers and licensees. Reductions in the average selling prices of our licensees’ products,
unless offset by an increase in volumes, generally result in reduced royalties payable to us. We
anticipate that additional competitors will enter our markets as a result of growth opportunities
in wireless telecommunications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic
competitors, technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in
selected segments of the industry.

We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and
licensees. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease, our operating results
could be negatively affected.

     Our QCT segment derives a significant portion of revenues from a small number of customers.
The loss of any one of our QCT segment’s significant customers or the delay, even if only
temporary, or cancellation of significant orders from any of these customers would reduce our
revenues in the period of the deferral or cancellation and harm our ability to achieve or sustain
expected levels of operating results. Accordingly, unless and until our QCT segment

16

Table of Contents

diversifies and
expands its customer base, our future success will largely depend upon the timing and size of any
future purchase orders from these customers.

     Although we have more than 185 licensees, our QTL segment derives a significant portion of
royalty revenues from a limited number of licensees. Our future success depends upon the ability of
our licensees to develop, introduce and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain
market acceptance. We have little or no control over the sales efforts of our licensees, and our
licensees might not be successful. Reductions in the average selling price of wireless
communications devices sold by our major licensees, without a sufficient increase in the volumes of
such devices sold, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues.

Efforts by some telecommunications equipment manufacturers to avoid paying fair and reasonable
royalties for the use of our intellectual property may create uncertainty about our future business
prospects, may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources, and
may result in legal decisions and/or actions by foreign governments, Standards Development
Organizations (SDOs) or other industry groups that harm our business.

     A small number of companies have initiated various strategies in an attempt to renegotiate,
mitigate and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual
property in order to negatively affect our business model and that of our other licensees. These
strategies have included (i) litigation, often alleging infringement of patents held by such
companies, patent misuse, patent exhaustion and patent and license unenforceability, or some form
of unfair competition, (ii) taking positions contrary to our understanding of their contracts with
us, (iii) appeals to governmental authorities, (iv) collective action, including working with
carriers, standards bodies, other like-minded companies and other organizations, on both formal and
informal bases, to adopt intellectual property policies and practices that could have the effect of
limiting returns on intellectual property innovations, and (v) lobbying with governmental
regulators and elected officials for the purpose of seeking the imposition of some form of
compulsory licensing and/or to weaken a patent holder’s ability to enforce its rights or obtain a
fair return for such rights. Some companies have proposed significant changes to existing
intellectual property policies for implementation by SDOs and other industry organizations, some of
which would require a maximum aggregate intellectual property royalty rate for the use of all
essential patents owned by all of the member companies to be applied to the selling price of any
product implementing the relevant standard. They have further proposed that such maximum aggregate
royalty rate be apportioned to each member company with essential patents based upon the number of
essential patents held by such company. A number of these strategies are purportedly based on
interpretations of the policies of certain standards development organizations concerning the
licensing of patents that are or may be essential to industry standards and our alleged failure to
abide by these policies. There is a risk that relevant courts or governmental agencies will
interpret those policies in a manner adverse to our interests. If such proposals and strategies are
successful in the future, our business model would be harmed, either by artificially limiting our
return on investment with respect to new technologies or forcing us to work outside of the SDOs or
such other industry groups to promote our new technologies, and our results of operations could be
negatively impacted. As well, the legal and other costs associated with defending our position have
been and continue to be significant. We assume that such challenges regardless of their merits will
continue into the foreseeable future and may require the investment of substantial management time
and financial resources to explain and defend our position.

The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive, could fail to
prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary intellectual property rights or
could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents.

     We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as
nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary
information, technologies and processes, including our patent portfolio. Policing unauthorized use
of our products and technologies is difficult and time consuming. We cannot be certain that the
steps we have taken, or may take in the future, will prevent the misappropriation or unauthorized
use of our proprietary information and technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the
laws may not protect our proprietary intellectual property rights as fully or as readily as United
States laws. We cannot be certain that the laws and policies of any country, including the United
States, or the practices of any of the standards bodies, foreign or domestic, with respect to
intellectual property enforcement or licensing, issuance of spectrum licenses or the adoption of
standards, will not be changed in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to the sale or use
of our products or technology. We may have difficulty in protecting or enforcing our intellectual
property rights and/or contracts in a particular foreign jurisdiction, including: challenges to our
licensing practices under such jurisdictions’ competition laws; adoption of mandatory licensing
provisions by foreign jurisdictions (either with controlled/regulated royalties or royalty free);
and challenges pending before

17

Table of Contents

foreign competition agencies to the pricing and integration of
additional features and functionality into our wireless chipset products.

     A substantial portion of our patents and patent applications relate to our wireless
communications technology and much of the remainder of our patents and patent applications relate
to our other technologies and products. We may need to litigate to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary
rights of others. As a result of any such litigation, we could lose our ability to enforce one or
more patents or incur substantial unexpected operating costs. Any action we take to enforce our
intellectual property rights could be costly and could absorb significant management time and
attention, which, in turn, could negatively impact our operating results.

Claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property or that patents on which we
rely are invalid could adversely affect our business.

     From time to time, companies have asserted, and may again assert, patent, copyright and other
intellectual property rights against our products or products using our technologies or other
technologies used in our industry. These claims have resulted and may again result in our
involvement in litigation. We may not prevail in such litigation given the complex technical issues
and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If any of our products were found
to infringe on another company’s intellectual property rights, we could be subject to an injunction
or required to redesign our products, which could be costly, or to license such rights and/or pay
damages or other compensation to such other company. If we were unable to redesign our products,
license such intellectual property rights used in our products or otherwise distribute our products
through a licensed supplier, we could be prohibited from making and selling such products. In any
potential dispute involving other companies’ patents or other intellectual property, our chipset
foundries and customers could also become the targets of litigation. We are contingently liable
under certain product sales, services, license and other agreements to indemnify certain customers
against certain types of liability and/or damages arising from qualifying claims of patent
infringement by products or services sold or provided by us. Reimbursements under indemnification
arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Furthermore, any
such litigation could severely disrupt the supply of our products and the business of our chipset
customers and their wireless operator customers, which in turn could hurt our relationships with
our chipset customers and wireless operators and could result in a decline in our chipset sales
and/or a reduction in our licensees’ sales to wireless operators, causing a corresponding decline
in our chipset and/or licensing revenues. Any claims, regardless of their merit, could be time
consuming to address, result in costly litigation, divert the efforts of our technical and
management personnel or cause product release or shipment delays, any of which could have a
material adverse effect upon our operating results.

     We expect that we will continue to be involved in litigation and may have to appear in front
of administrative bodies (such as the U.S. International Trade Commission) to defend against patent
assertions against our products by companies, some of whom are attempting to gain competitive
advantage or leverage in licensing negotiations. We may not be successful in such proceedings, and
if we are not, the range of possible outcomes includes everything from a royalty payment to an
injunction on the sale of certain of our chipsets (and on the sale of our customers’ devices using
our chipsets) and the imposition of royalty payments that might make purchases of our chipsets less
economical for our customers. A negative outcome in any such proceeding could severely disrupt the
business of our chipset customers and their wireless operator customers, which in turn could hurt
our relationships with our chipset customers and wireless operators and could result in a decline
in our share of worldwide chipset sales and/or a reduction in our licensees’ sales to wireless
operators, causing a corresponding decline in our chipset and/or licensing revenues.

     A number of other companies have claimed to own patents essential to various CDMA standards,
GSM standards and OFDMA standards or implementations of OFDM and OFDMA systems. If we or other
product manufacturers are required to obtain additional licenses and/or pay royalties to one or
more patent holders, this could have a material adverse effect on the commercial implementation of
our CDMA, GSM, OFDMA or multimode products and technologies, demand for our licensees’ products and
our profitability.

     Other companies or entities also have commenced, and may again commence, actions seeking to
establish the invalidity of our patents. In the event that one or more of our patents are
challenged, a court may invalidate the patent(s) or determine that the patent(s) is not
enforceable, which could harm our competitive position. If our key patents are invalidated, or if
the scope of the claims in any of these patents is limited by court decision, we could be prevented
from licensing the invalidated or limited portion of such patents. Such adverse decisions could
negatively impact our revenues. Even if such a patent challenge is not successful, it could be
expensive and time consuming to address, divert management attention from our business and harm our
reputation.

18

Table of Contents

Our earnings and stock price are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to
market downturns.

     The stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology-based and wireless
communications companies in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated
to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock
has fluctuated in the past and is likely to fluctuate in the future as well. Factors that may have
a significant impact on the market price of our stock include, among others:

•

announcements concerning us or our competitors, including the selection of wireless
communications technology by wireless operators and the timing of the roll-out of those
systems;

•

international developments, such as technology mandates, political developments or
changes in economic policies;

•

changes in recommendations of securities analysts;

•

proprietary rights or product or patent litigation against us or against our
customers or licensees;

•

strategic transactions, such as spin-offs, acquisitions and divestitures;

•

unexpected and/or significant changes in the average selling price of our licensees’
products and our products;

•

unresolved disputes with licensees that result in non-payment and/or non-recognition
of royalty revenues that may be owed to us; or

•

rumors or allegations regarding our financial disclosures or practices.

     In the past, securities class action litigation often has been brought against a company
following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Due to changes in the
potential volatility of our stock price, we may be the target of securities litigation in the
future. Securities litigation could result in substantial uninsured costs and divert management’s
attention and resources.

     Any prolonged financial or economic crisis may result in a downturn in demand for our products
or technology; the insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; delays in reporting
and/or payments from our licensees and/or customers; and counterparty failures negatively impacting
our treasury operations.

     Financial market volatility has impacted, and could continue to impact, the value and
performance of our marketable securities. Net investment income could vary depending on the gains
or losses realized on the sale or exchange of securities, impairment charges related to marketable
securities and other investments, changes in interest rates and changes in fair values of
derivative instruments. Our cash equivalent and marketable securities investments represent
significant assets that may be subject to fluctuating or even negative returns depending upon
interest rate movements and financial market conditions in fixed income and equity securities.

     These factors affecting our future earnings are difficult to forecast and could harm our
quarterly and/or annual operating results. If our earnings fail to meet the financial guidance we
provide to investors, or the expectations of investment analysts or investors in any period,
securities class action litigation could be brought against us and/or the market price of our
common stock could decline.

We depend upon a limited number of third-party suppliers to manufacture and test component parts,
subassemblies and finished goods for our products. If these third-party suppliers do not allocate
adequate manufacturing and test capacity in their facilities to produce products on our behalf, or
if there are any disruptions in the operations of, or a loss of, any of these third parties, it
could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers, reduce our revenues,
increase our cost of sales and harm our business.

     Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and
adequate delivery of parts and components from our suppliers. A reduction or interruption in our
product supply source, an inability of our suppliers to react to shifts in product demand or an
increase in component prices could have a material adverse effect on our business or profitability.
The loss of a significant supplier or the inability of a supplier to meet performance and quality
specifications or delivery schedules could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our
customers and negatively impact our revenues and business operations. In the event of a loss of, or
a decision to change, a supplier, qualifying a new foundry supplier and commencing volume
production or testing could involve delay and expense, resulting in possible loss of customers.

     While our goal is to establish alternate suppliers for technologies that we consider critical,
we rely on sole- or limited-source suppliers for some products, subjecting us to significant risks,
including: possible shortages of manufacturing capacity; poor product performance; and reduced
control over delivery schedules, manufacturing

19

Table of Contents

capability and yields, quality assurance, quantity
and costs. Our arrangements with our suppliers may oblige us to incur costs to manufacture and test
our products that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in pricing to our customers.

     QCT Segment. Although we have entered into long-term contracts with our suppliers, most of
these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity commitments, except as may be provided in a
particular purchase order that has been accepted by our supplier. To the extent that we do not have
firm commitments from our suppliers over a specific time period, or for any specific quantity, our
suppliers may allocate, and in the past have allocated, capacity to the production and testing of
products for their other customers while reducing capacity to manufacture or test our products.
Accordingly, capacity for our products may not be available when we need it or available at
reasonable prices. We have experienced capacity limitations from our suppliers, which resulted in
supply constraints and our inability to meet certain customer demand. There can be no assurance
that we will not experience these or other supply constraints in the future, which could result in
our failure to meet customer demand. In addition, the timely readiness of our foundry suppliers to
support transitions to smaller geometry process technologies could impact our ability to meet
customer demand, revenues and cost expectations. The timing of acceptance of the smaller technology
designs by our customers may subject us to the risk of excess inventories of earlier designs.

     QMT Division. Our QMT division needs to form and maintain reliable business relationships with
component supply partners to support the manufacture of interferometric modulator (IMOD) displays
and/or modules in commercial volumes. All of our current relationships have been for the
development and limited production of certain IMOD display panels and/or modules. Some or all of
these relationships may not succeed or, even if they are successful, may not result in the
component supply partners entering into material supply relationships with us.

Our suppliers may also be our competitors, putting us at a disadvantage for pricing and capacity
allocation.

     One or more of our suppliers may obtain licenses from us to manufacture CDMA-based integrated
circuits that compete with our products. In this event, the supplier could elect to allocate raw
materials and manufacturing capacity to their own products and reduce deliveries to us to our
detriment. In addition, we may not receive reasonable pricing, manufacturing or delivery terms. We
cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations
that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost
of sales.

Currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm
our ability to collect receivables or increase the U.S. dollar cost of the activities of our
foreign subsidiaries and international strategic investments.

     Our international customers sell their products to markets throughout the world, including
China, India, Japan, South Korea, North America, South America and Europe. Consolidated revenues
from international customers as a percentage of total revenues were greater than 90% in both fiscal
2010 and 2009. We are exposed to risk from fluctuations in currencies that could negatively affect
our operating results. Adverse movements in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our
business due to a number of situations, including the following, among others:

•

Our products and those of our customers and licensees that are sold into foreign
markets may become less price-competitive as a result of adverse currency fluctuations;

•

Certain of our revenues, such as royalty revenues, are derived from licensee or
customer sales that are denominated in foreign currencies. Weakening of currency values
in selected regions could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows;

•

We may engage in foreign exchange hedging transactions that could affect our cash
flows and earnings because they may require the payment of structuring fees, limit the
U.S. dollar value of royalties from licensees’ sales that are denominated in foreign
currencies, cause earnings volatility if the hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting
and expose us to counterparty risk if the counterparty fails to perform;

•

Our loan payable to banks is denominated in Indian rupees. If the U.S. dollar
significantly weakens, additional cash may be required to settle this obligation and the
related interest; and

•

Currency exchange rate fluctuations may reduce the U.S. dollar value of our
marketable securities that are denominated directly or indirectly in foreign currencies.

20

Table of Contents

We may engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make investments that could result in
significant changes or management disruption and fail to enhance stockholder value.

     From time to time, we engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make investments
with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. We acquire businesses and other assets, including
spectrum licenses, enter into joint ventures or other strategic transactions and purchase equity
and debt securities, including minority interests in publicly-traded and private companies. Many of
our strategic investments are in early-stage companies to support our business, including the
global adoption of CDMA- or OFDMA-based technologies and related services. Most of our acquisitions
or strategic investments entail a high degree of risk and will not become liquid until more than
one year from the date of investment, if at all. Our acquisitions or strategic investments (either
those we have completed or may undertake in the future) may not generate financial returns or
result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies. In some cases, we may be
required to consolidate or record our share of the earnings or losses of companies in which we have
acquired ownership interests. Our share of any losses will adversely affect our financial results
until we exit from or reduce our exposure to these investments.

     Achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability
to integrate the acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The integration of
companies that have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, and we
may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. The difficulties of
integrating companies include, among others: retaining key employees; maintaining important
relationships of Qualcomm and the acquired business; minimizing the diversion of management’s
attention from ongoing business matters; coordinating geographically separate organizations;
consolidating research and development operations; and consolidating corporate and administrative
infrastructures.

     We cannot assure you that the integration of acquired businesses with our business will result
in the realization of the full benefits anticipated by us to result from the acquisitions. We may
not derive any commercial value from acquired technology, products and intellectual property or
from future technologies and products based on the acquired technology and/or intellectual
property, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification protection
we may obtain.

Defects or errors in our products and services or in the products of our customers could harm our
business. If we experience product liability claims or recalls, we may incur significant expenses
and experience decreased demand for our products.

     Our products are inherently complex and may contain defects and errors that are detected only
when the products are in use. For example, as our chipset product complexities increase, we are
required to migrate to integrated circuit technologies with smaller geometric feature sizes. The
design process interface issues are more complex as we enter into these new domains of technology,
which adds risk to yields and reliability. Because our products and services are responsible for
critical functions in our customers’ products and/or networks, such defects or errors could have an
adverse impact on our customers, which could damage our reputation, harm our customer relationships
and expose us to liability. Defects or impurities in our components, materials or software or those
used by our customers or licensees, equipment failures or other difficulties could adversely affect
our ability, and that of our customers and licensees, to ship products on a timely basis, customer
or licensee demand for our products or the commitment of financial and/or engineering resources
that could affect future product release schedules. Additionally, a defect or failure in our
products or the products of our customers or licensees could harm our reputation and/or adversely
affect the growth of 3G and 3G/4G multimode wireless markets.

     Manufacturing, testing, marketing and use of our products and those of our licensees and
customers entail the risk of product liability. The use of wireless devices containing our products
to access untrusted content creates a risk of exposing the system software in those devices to
viral or malicious attacks. We continue to expand our focus on this issue and take measures to
safeguard the software from this threat. However, this issue carries the risk of general product
liability claims along with the associated impacts on reputation and demand. In addition, a product
liability claim or recall, whether against our licensees, customers or us, could harm our
reputation and result in decreased demand for our products.

Our Firethorn and FLO TV businesses do not currently generate operating income and may not succeed
or their operating results may not meet our expectations.

     If
our Firethorn and/or FLO TV businesses do not succeed, our investments in their
technologies may not provide us an adequate return, and our business could be harmed. Consumer
acceptance of our Firethorn service offerings will continue to be
affected by competition, technology-based
differences and by the operational performance, quality and reliability of our services platforms.
Our FLO TV business had $1.3 billion in assets (including $746 million in spectrum licenses used by
our FLO TV subsidiary) at September 26, 2010. We have commenced a restructuring plan

21

Table of Contents

under which we
expect to exit the current FLO TV service business. In addition to
our ongoing operating costs, we expect to incur restructuring charges
related to this plan in the range of $125 million to $175 million in fiscal 2011, which are
primarily related to certain contractual obligations. Additionally, we
continue to evaluate strategic options for the FLO TV business, which include, but are not limited
to, operating the FLO TV network under a new wholesale service; sale to, or joint venture with, a
third party; and/or the sale of the spectrum licenses and the discontinuance of the operation of
the network. Additional charges, including impairment of assets, may be incurred as we continue to
evaluate or implement these strategic options or if we are unable to generate adequate future cash
flows associated with this business.

Our QMT division’s business does not currently generate operating income and may not succeed or its
operating results may not meet our expectations.

     While we continue to believe our QMT division’s IMOD displays will offer compelling advantages to
users of displays, there can be no assurance that our IMOD product development efforts will be
successful, that we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture these new products, that we will
be able to successfully market these products or that other technologies will not continue to
improve in ways that reduce the advantages we anticipate from our IMOD displays. Sales of flat
panel displays are currently, and we believe will likely continue to be, dominated by displays
based on liquid crystal display (LCD) technology for some time. Numerous companies are making
substantial investments in, and conducting research to improve characteristics of, LCDs.
Additionally, several other flat panel display technologies have been, or are being, developed,
including technologies for the production of organic light-emitting diode (OLED), field emission,
inorganic electroluminescence, gas plasma and vacuum fluorescent displays. In each case, advances
in LCD or other flat panel display technologies could result in technologies that are more cost
effective, have fewer display limitations or can be brought to market faster than our IMOD
technology. These advances in competing technologies might cause device manufacturers to avoid
entering into commercial relationships with us or to not renew planned or existing relationships
with us. Our QMT division had $384 million in assets (including $128 million in goodwill) at
September 26, 2010. If we do not achieve adequate market penetration with our IMOD display
technology, our assets may become impaired, which could negatively impact our operating results.

Potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results.

     We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in numerous foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe
that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related
litigation could materially differ from amounts reflected in historical income tax provisions and
accruals. In such case, our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods in which
that determination is made could be negatively affected. In addition, tax rules may change that may
adversely affect our future reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. For
example, we consider the operating earnings of certain non-United States subsidiaries to be
indefinitely invested outside the United States based on estimates that future domestic cash
generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. No provision has been made for
United States federal and state or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of
undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. Our future financial results and liquidity may
be adversely affected if accounting rules regarding unrepatriated earnings change, if domestic cash
needs require us to repatriate foreign earnings, or if the United States international tax rules
change as part of comprehensive tax reform or other tax legislation.

If wireless devices pose safety risks, we may be subject to new regulations, and demand for our
products and those of our licensees and customers may decrease.

     Concerns over the effects of radio frequency emissions may have the effect of discouraging the
use of wireless devices, which may decrease demand for our products and those of our licensees and
customers. Interest groups have requested that the FCC investigate claims that wireless
communications technologies pose health concerns and cause interference with airbags, hearing aids
and medical devices. Concerns have also been expressed over the possibility of safety risks due to
a lack of attention associated with the use of wireless devices while driving. Any legislation that
may be adopted in response to these concerns could reduce demand for our products and those of our
licensees and customers in the United States as well as foreign countries.

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.

     Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a
Disaster Recovery Plan for our internal information technology networking systems, our systems are
vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts and
telecommunication failures, among other factors. Any system failure, accident or security breach
that causes interruptions in our operations, or in our vendors’, customers’

22

Table of Contents

or licensees’
operations, could result in a material disruption to our business. To the extent that any
disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our customers’ data or applications,
or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. In
addition, we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or
security breaches.

     From time to time, we install new or upgraded business management systems. To the extent such
systems fail or are not properly implemented, we may experience material disruptions to our
business, delays in our external financial reporting or failures in our system of internal
controls, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are subject to government regulation pertaining to environmental and safety laws, to our
industry, products and services, to corporate governance and public disclosure and to health care.

     National, state and local environmental laws and regulations affect our operations around the
world. These laws may make it more expensive to manufacture, have manufactured and sell products.
It may also be difficult to comply with laws and regulations in a timely manner, and we may not
have compliant products available in the quantities requested by our customers, which may have an
adverse impact on our results of operations. There is also the potential for higher costs driven by
climate change regulations. Our costs could increase if our vendors (e.g., third-party
manufacturers or utility companies) pass on their costs to us.

     As part of the development and commercialization of our IMOD display technology, we are
operating both a development and a production fabrication facility. The development and
commercialization of IMOD display prototypes is a complex and precise process involving restricted
materials subject to environmental and safety regulations. Our failure or inability to comply with
existing or future environmental and safety regulations could result in significant remediation
liabilities, the imposition of fines and/or the suspension or termination of development and
production activities.

     Our products and services, and those of our customers and licensees, are subject to various
regulations, including FCC regulations in the United States and other international regulations, as
well as the specifications of national, regional and international standards bodies. The adoption
of new laws or regulations, changes in the regulation of our activities, or exclusion or limitation
of our technology or products by a government or standards body, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including, among other factors, changes in laws, policies, practices or
enforcement affecting trade, foreign investments, licensing practices, spectrum license issuance,
adoption of standards, the provision of wireless device subsidies by wireless operators to their
customers, taxation, environmental protection, loans and employment.

     We hold licenses to use spectrum in the United States and the United Kingdom, and we expect
that licenses to use the BWA spectrum recently won in the auction in India will be assigned to us
by December 2010. Our licenses to use spectrum in the United States are subject to a variety of
ongoing FCC proceedings. It is impossible to predict with certainty the outcome of pending FCC or
other federal or state regulatory proceedings and the potential impact to our FLO TV business or to
our use of the spectrum for which we hold licenses. Unless we are able to obtain relief, existing
laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and to introduce new products
and services. Furthermore, certain of our licenses in the United States are subject to minimum
build-out requirements to be met at various dates beginning in June 2013. The BWA spectrum licenses
will be subject to minimum build-out requirements to be met within five years of the effective date
of the license. If we do not meet these requirements, the relevant government authorities could
impose a fine or could rescind the license in the area(s) in which the build-out requirements are
not met. Changes in the allocation of available spectrum by the countries in which we hold licenses
could have a material adverse risk on our business and the value of our assets.

     Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, public disclosure
and health care may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. New or changed laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases. As a result, their
application in practice may evolve over time. We are committed to maintaining high standards of
corporate governance and public disclosure and complying with laws and regulations. Evolving
interpretations of new or changed legal requirements may cause us to incur higher costs as we
revise current practices, policies, procedures, and/or health plans and may divert management time
and attention to compliance activities. Our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations
and standards may fail, particularly if there is ambiguity as to how such new or changed laws,
regulations and standards should be applied in practice. Further, our board members, chief
executive officer and chief financial officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in
connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and
retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business.

23

Table of Contents

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.

     Our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our board members, executive
officers and other key management and technical personnel. Our success also depends on our ability
to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, implementing our
product and business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, and our revenues
are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for such specialized
engineering and other talented employees in our industry is extremely competitive. In addition,
existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled
foreign national graduates of U.S. universities, making the pool of available talent even smaller.
Key employees represent a significant asset, and the competition for these employees is intense in
the wireless communications industry. We do not have employment agreements with our key management
personnel. In the event of a labor shortage, or in the event of an unfavorable change in prevailing
labor and/or immigration laws, we could experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified
employees. We continue to anticipate increases in human resource needs, particularly in
engineering. If we are unable to attract and retain the qualified employees that we need, our
business may be harmed.