You should consider each of the following factors as well as the other information in this
Annual Report in evaluating our business and our prospects. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the
following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be harmed. In that case,
the trading price of our common stock could decline. You should also refer to the other information
set forth in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes.

Risks Related to Our Businesses

If deployment of our technologies does not expand as expected, our revenues may not grow as
anticipated.

     We focus our business primarily on developing, patenting and commercializing CDMA technology
for wireless telecommunications applications. Other digital wireless communications technologies,
particularly GSM technology, have been more widely deployed than CDMA technology. If adoption and
use of CDMA-based wireless communications standards do not continue in the countries where our
products and those of our customers and licensees are sold, our business and financial results
could suffer. If GSM wireless operators do not select CDMA for their networks or upgrade their
current networks to any CDMA-based third-generation (3G) technology, our business and financial
results could suffer since we have not previously generated significant revenues from sales of
single-mode GSM products. In addition to CDMA technology, we continue to invest in developing,
patenting and commercializing OFDMA technology, which has not yet been widely adopted and
commercially deployed, and our MediaFLO technology, which was commercially deployed
in the United States in fiscal 2007. If OFDMA is not widely adopted and commercially deployed
and/or MediaFLO technology is not more widely adopted by consumers in the United States or
commercially deployed internationally, our investments in OFDMA and MediaFLO technologies may not
provide us an adequate return.

     Our business and the deployment of our technologies, products and services are dependent on
the success of our customers, licensees and CDMA-based wireless operators, as well as the timing of
their deployment of new services. Our licensees and CDMA-based wireless operators may incur lower
gross margins on products or services based on our technologies than on products using alternative
technologies as a result of greater competition or other factors. If CDMA-based wireless operators,
wireless device and/or infrastructure manufacturers cease providing CDMA-based products and/or
services, the deployment of CDMA technology could be negatively affected, and our business could
suffer.

We are dependent on the commercial deployment and upgrades of 3G wireless communications equipment,
products and services to increase our revenues, and our business may be harmed if wireless network
operators delay or are unsuccessful in the commercial deployment or upgrade of 3G technology or if
they deploy other technologies.

16

Table of Contents

     To increase our revenues in future periods, we are dependent upon the commercial deployment
and upgrades of 3G wireless communications equipment, products and services based on our CDMA
technology. Although wireless network operators have commercially deployed CDMA2000 and WCDMA, we
cannot predict the timing or success of further commercial deployments or expansions or upgrades of
CDMA2000, WCDMA or other CDMA systems. If existing deployments are not commercially successful or
do not continue to grow their subscriber base, or if new commercial deployments of CDMA2000, WCDMA
or other CDMA-based systems are delayed or unsuccessful, our business and financial results may be
harmed. In addition, our business could be harmed if wireless network operators deploy other
technologies or switch existing networks from CDMA to GSM without upgrading to WCDMA or if wireless
network operators introduce new technologies. A limited number of wireless operators have started
testing OFDMA technology, but the timing and extent of OFDMA deployments is uncertain, and we might
not be successful in developing and marketing OFDMA products.

Our patent portfolio may not be as successful in generating licensing income with respect to other
technologies as it has been for CDMA-based technologies.

     Although we own a very strong portfolio of issued and pending patents related to GSM, GPRS,
EDGE, OFDM, OFDMA and/or Multiple Input, Multiple Output (MIMO) technologies, our patent portfolio
licensing program in these areas is less established and might not be as successful in generating
licensing income as our CDMA portfolio licensing program. Many wireless operators are investigating
or have selected LTE (or to a lesser extent WiMAX) as next-generation technologies for deployment
in existing or future spectrum bands as complementary to their existing CDMA-based networks.
Although we believe that our patented technology is essential and useful to implementation of the
LTE and WiMAX standards and have granted royalty-bearing licenses to nine companies to make and
sell products implementing those standards (including Nokia and two other major handset OEMs), we
might not achieve the same royalty revenues on such LTE or WiMAX deployments as on CDMA-based
deployments, and we might not achieve the same level of success in selling LTE or WiMAX products as
we have in CDMA-based products.

Our earnings are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market downturns.

     Our revenues and earnings have fluctuated significantly in the past and may fluctuate
significantly in the future. General economic or other conditions have caused a downturn in the
market for our products or technology. Despite the recent improvements in market conditions, a
future downturn in the market for our products or technology could adversely affect our operating
results and increase the risk of substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations in our earnings. Any
prolonged credit crisis may result in the insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays;
delays in reporting and/or payments from our licensees; the inability of our customers to obtain
credit to finance purchases of our products; customer/licensee insolvencies that impact our
customers’/licensees’ ability to pay us and/or cause our customers to change delivery schedules,
cancel committed purchase orders or reduce purchase order commitment projections; uncertainty in
global economies, which could impact demand for CDMA-based products in various regions;
counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury operations; and the inability to utilize
federal and/or state capital loss carryovers.

     Volatility in financial markets has impacted, and could continue to impact, the value and
performance of our marketable securities. Net investment income could vary depending on the gains
or losses realized on the sale or exchange of securities, gains or losses from equity method
investments, impairment charges related to marketable securities and other investments, changes in
interest rates and changes in fair values of derivative instruments. Our cash and marketable
securities investments represent significant assets that may be subject to fluctuating or even
negative returns depending upon interest rate movements and financial market conditions in fixed
income and equity securities.

     Our future operating results may be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to:
our ability to retain existing or secure anticipated customers or licensees, both domestically and
internationally; our ability to develop, introduce and market new technology, products and services
on a timely basis; management of inventory by us and our customers and their customers in response
to shifts in market demand; changes in the mix of technology and products developed, licensed,
produced and sold; seasonal customer demand; disputes with our customers and licensees; and other
factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report and in these risk factors.

     These factors affecting our future earnings are difficult to forecast and could harm our
quarterly and/or annual operating results. If our earnings fail to meet the financial guidance we
provide to investors, or the expectations of investment analysts or investors in any period,
securities class action litigation could be brought against us and/or the market price of our
common stock could decline.

17

Table of Contents

Global economic conditions that impact the wireless communications industry could negatively affect
our revenues and operating results.

     Despite the recent improvements in market conditions, a future decline in global economic
conditions could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on demand for our products and for the products
of our customers, particularly wireless communications equipment manufacturers or other members of
the wireless industry, such as wireless network operators. We cannot predict other negative events
that may have adverse effects on the economy, on demand for wireless device products or on wireless
device inventories at CDMA-based equipment manufacturers and wireless operators. Inflation and/or
deflation and economic recessions that adversely affect the global economy and capital markets also
adversely affect our customers and our end consumers. For example, our customers’ ability to
purchase or pay for our products and services, obtain financing and upgrade wireless networks could
be adversely affected, leading to cancellation or delay of orders for our products. Also, our end
consumers’ standards of living could be lowered, and their ability to purchase wireless devices
based on our technology could be diminished. Inflation could also increase our costs of raw
materials and operating expenses and harm our business in other ways, and deflation could reduce
our revenues if product prices fall. Any of these results from worsening global economic conditions
could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.

     During fiscal 2009, 69% of our revenues were from customers and licensees based in South
Korea, China and Japan as compared to 70% and 69% during fiscal 2008 and 2007, respectively. These
customers sell their products to markets worldwide, including in Japan, South Korea, China, India,
North America, South America and Europe. A significant downturn in the economies of Asian countries
where many of our customers and licensees are located, particularly the economies of South Korea,
Japan and China, or the economies of the major markets they serve could materially harm our
business. In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military
action in response to this threat, or any future acts of war or terrorism, may cause disruptions to
the global economy and to the wireless communications industry and create uncertainties. Should
such negative events occur, subsequent economic recovery might not benefit us in the near term. If
it does not, our ability to increase or maintain our revenues and operating results may be
impaired. In addition, because we intend to continue to make significant investments in research
and development and to maintain extensive ongoing customer service and support capability, any
decline in the rate of growth of our revenues will have a significant adverse impact on our
operating results.

Our four largest customers accounted for 49% of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2009, 42% in fiscal
2008 and 34% in fiscal 2007. The loss of any one of our major customers or any reduction in the
demand for devices utilizing our CDMA technology could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to
achieve or sustain desired levels of operating results.

     The loss of any one of our QCT segment’s significant customers or the delay, even if only
temporary, or cancellation of significant orders from any of these customers would reduce our
revenues in the period of the cancellation or deferral and harm our ability to achieve or sustain
expected levels of operating results. We derive a significant portion of our QCT segment revenues
from four major customers. Accordingly, unless and until our QCT segment diversifies and expands
its customer base, our future success will significantly depend upon the timing and size of any
future purchase orders from these customers. Factors that may impact the size and timing of orders
from customers of our QCT segment include, among others, the following:

•

the product requirements of our customers and the network operators;

•

the level of component integration and interoperability required by operators;

•

the financial and operational success of our customers;

•

the success of our customers’ products that incorporate our products;

•

changes in wireless penetration growth rates;

•

value added features which drive replacement rates;

•

shortages of key products and components;

•

fluctuations in channel inventory levels;

•

the success of products sold to our customers by competitors;

•

the rate of deployment of new technology by the wireless network operators and the
rate of adoption of new technology by the end consumers;

18

Table of Contents

•

the extent to which certain customers successfully develop and produce CDMA-based
integrated circuits and system software to meet their own needs or source such products
from other suppliers;

•

general economic conditions; and

•

changes in governmental regulations in countries where we or our customers currently
operate or plan to operate.

We derive a significant portion of our royalty revenues in our QTL segment from a limited number of
licensees and our future success depends on the ability of our licensees to obtain market
acceptance for their products.

     Our QTL segment today derives royalty revenues primarily from sales of CDMA products by our
licensees. Although we have more than 175 licensees, we derive a significant portion of our royalty
revenues from a limited number of licensees. Our future success depends upon the ability of our
licensees to develop, introduce and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain market
acceptance. We have little or no control over the sales efforts of our licensees, and our licensees
might not be successful. Reductions in the average selling price of wireless communications devices
utilizing our CDMA technology, without a comparable increase in the volumes of such devices sold,
could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We may not be able to modify some of our license agreements to license later patents without
modifying some of the other material terms and conditions of such license agreements, and such
modifications may impact our revenues.

     The licenses granted to and from us under a number of our license agreements include only
patents that are either filed or issued prior to a certain date, and, in a small number of
agreements, royalties are payable on those patents for a specified time period. As a result, there
are agreements with some licensees where later patents are not licensed by or to us under our
license agreements. In order to license any such later patents, we will need to extend or modify
our license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such licensees. We might not be
able to modify such license agreements in the future to license any such later patents or extend
such date(s) to incorporate later patents without affecting the material terms and conditions of
our license agreements with such licensees.

Efforts by some telecommunications equipment manufacturers to avoid paying fair and reasonable
royalties for the use of our intellectual property may create uncertainty about our future business
prospects, may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources, and
may result in legal decisions and/or political actions by foreign governments that harm our
business.

     A small number of companies have initiated various strategies in an attempt to renegotiate,
mitigate and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual
property in order to negatively affect our business model and that of our other licensees. These
strategies have included (i) litigation, often alleging infringement of patents held by such
companies, patent misuse, patent exhaustion and patent and license unenforceability, or some form
of unfair competition, (ii) taking questionable positions on the interpretation of contracts with
us, (iii) appeals to governmental authorities, such as the complaints filed with the European
Commission (EC) during the fourth calendar quarter of 2005 and with the Korea Fair Trade Commission
(KFTC) and the Japan Fair Trade Commission (JFTC) during 2006, (iv) collective action, including
working with carriers, standards bodies, other like-minded technology companies and other
organizations, formal and informal, to adopt intellectual property policies and practices which
could have the effect of limiting returns on intellectual property innovations and (v) lobbying
with governmental regulators and elected officials for the purpose of seeking the imposition of
some form of compulsory licensing and/or to weaken a patent holder’s ability to enforce its rights
or obtain a fair return for such rights. A number of these strategies are purportedly based on
interpretations of the policies of certain standards development organizations concerning the
licensing of patents that are or may be essential to industry standards and our alleged failure to
abide by these policies. There is a risk that relevant courts or governmental agencies will
interpret those policies in a manner adverse to our interests.

     Six companies (Nokia, Ericsson, Panasonic, Texas Instruments, Broadcom and NEC) submitted
separate formal complaints to the Competition Directorate of the EC accusing our business
practices, with respect to licensing of patents and sales of chipsets, to be in violation of
Article 82 of the EC treaty. We received the complaints, submitted a response and have cooperated
with the EC in its investigation. On October 1, 2007, the EC announced that it had initiated a
proceeding. To date, the EC has not announced whether it would issue a Statement of Objections or
whether it has made any conclusions as to the merits of the complaints. On July 23, 2008, we
entered into an agreement with Nokia in which Nokia agreed to withdraw its complaint as part of the
settlement of disputes between the parties, and on April 26, 2009, we entered into an agreement
with Broadcom in which Broadcom agreed to withdraw its complaint as part of the settlement of
disputes between the parties; however, although Nokia and

19

Table of Contents

Broadcom have each withdrawn their complaints, the investigation remains active. While the
EC’s actions to date do not indicate that the EC has found any evidence of a violation by us and we
believe that none of our business practices violate the legal requirements of Article 82 of the EC
treaty, if the EC determines liability as to any of the alleged violations, it could impose fines
and/or require us to modify our practices. Further, the continuation of this investigation could be
expensive and time consuming to address, divert management attention from our business and harm our
reputation. Although such potential adverse findings may be appealed within the EC legal system, an
adverse final determination could have a significant negative impact on our revenues and/or
earnings. Two U.S. companies (Texas Instruments and Broadcom) and two South Korean companies
(Nextreaming Corp. and Thin Multimedia, Inc.) filed complaints with the KFTC alleging that certain
of our business practices violate South Korean anti-trust regulations. On February 17, 2009, the
KFTC issued a Case Examiner’s report setting forth allegations with respect to the lawfulness of
certain business practices related to our integration of multimedia solutions into our chipsets,
rebates and discounts provided to our chipset customers and of certain licensing practices. As a
result of its agreement with us, in May 2009 Broadcom withdrew its complaint to the KFTC. Hearings
before the KFTC commenced on May 27, 2009, and on July 23, 2009, the KFTC announced its ruling in
the case, although the written decision has not yet been issued. The KFTC announced that it found
us to be in violation of South Korean law by offering certain discounts and rebates for purchases
of our CDMA chips and that it would levy a fine of at least 260 billion Korean won, as well as
order us to cease the practices at issue. We intend to appeal the written decision once issued. As a result of this announcement, we
recorded a $230 million charge during fiscal 2009. We
do not anticipate that the cease and desist remedies ordered will have a material effect on our
operations. In July 2009, the KFTC also announced that it would continue its review of our
integration of multimedia functions into our chipsets, but it has not announced any decisions in
that regard. The JFTC has also received unspecified complaints alleging that our business practices
are, in some way, a violation of Japanese law. We have not received the complaints but we have
submitted certain requested information and documents to the JFTC regarding the non-assert,
cross-licensing and royalty provisions in our license agreements and BREW agreements. On September
29, 2009, the JFTC issued a Cease and Desist Order (CDO) concluding that our Japanese licensees
were forced to cross-license patents to us on a royalty-free basis and were forced to accept a
provision under which they agreed not to assert their essential patents against our other licensees
who made a similar commitment in their license agreements with us. The CDO seeks to require us to
modify our existing license agreements with Japanese companies to eliminate these provisions while
preserving the license of our patents to those companies. We disagree with the conclusions that we
forced our Japanese licensees to agree to any provision in the parties’ agreements and that those
provisions violate Japan’s Anti-Monopoly Act. We intend to invoke our right under Japanese law to
an administrative hearing before the JFTC, request that the JFTC suspend the CDO pending a decision
following the hearing, and seek a stay of the CDO from the Japanese courts should the JFTC deny our
request to suspend the CDO. Rejection of our requests to suspend or stay the CDO or an adverse
final determination following administrative and judicial (if necessary) review of the CDO could
have a significant negative impact on our business, including our revenues and/or earnings. We
believe that none of our business practices violate the legal requirements of South Korean
competition law or Japanese competition law. However, continuation of the KFTC’s investigation and
administrative and judicial review of the KFTC’s written decision and the JFTC’s CDO could be
expensive and time consuming to address, divert management attention from our business and harm our
reputation.

     Although we believe that these challenges are without merit, and we will continue to
vigorously defend our intellectual property and contract rights and our right to continue to
receive a fair return for our innovations, the distractions caused by challenges to our business
model and licensing program are undesirable and the legal and other costs associated with defending
our position have been and continue to be significant. We assume, as should investors, that such
challenges will continue into the foreseeable future and may require the investment of substantial
management time and financial resources to explain and defend our position.

The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive and could
divert our valuable resources.

     We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as
nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary
information, technologies and processes, including our patent portfolio. Policing unauthorized use
of our products and technologies is difficult and time consuming. We cannot be certain that the
steps we have taken will prevent the misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary
information and technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our
proprietary intellectual property rights as fully or as readily as United States laws. We cannot be
certain that the laws and policies of any country, including the United States, or the practices of
any of the standards bodies, foreign or

20

Table of Contents

domestic, with respect to intellectual property enforcement or licensing, issuance of wireless
licenses or the adoption of standards, will not be changed in a way detrimental to our licensing
program or to the sale or use of our products or technology.

     The vast majority of our patents and patent applications relate to our wireless communications
technology and much of the remainder of our patents and patent applications relate to our other
technologies and products. We may need to litigate to enforce our intellectual property rights,
protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. As a
result of any such litigation, we could lose our ability to enforce one or more patents or incur
substantial unexpected operating costs. Any action we take to enforce our intellectual property
rights could be costly and could absorb significant management time and attention, which, in turn,
could negatively impact our operating results. In addition, failure to protect our trademark rights
could impair our brand identity.

Claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property or that patents on which we
rely are invalid could adversely affect our business.

     From time to time, companies have asserted, and may again assert, patent, copyright and other
intellectual property rights against our products or products using our technologies or other
technologies used in our industry. These claims have resulted and may again result in our
involvement in litigation. We may not prevail in such litigation given the complex technical issues
and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If any of our products were found
to infringe on another company’s intellectual property rights, we could be subject to an injunction
or required to redesign our products, which could be costly, or to license such rights and/or pay
damages or other compensation to such other company. If we were unable to redesign our products,
license such intellectual property rights used in our products or otherwise distribute our products
through a licensed supplier, we could be prohibited from making and selling such products.

     We expect that we will continue to be involved in litigation and may have to appear in front
of administrative bodies (such as the U.S. International Trade Commission) to defend against patent
assertions against our products by companies, some of whom are attempting to gain competitive
advantage or negotiating leverage in licensing negotiations. We may not be successful and, if we
are not, the range of possible outcomes includes everything from a royalty payment to an injunction
on the sale of certain of our chipsets (and on the sale of our customers’ devices using our
chipsets) and the imposition of royalty payments that might make purchases of our chipsets less
economical for our customers. A negative outcome in any such litigation could severely disrupt the
business of our chipset customers and their wireless customers, which in turn could hurt our
relationships with our chipset customers and wireless operators and could result in a decline in
our share of worldwide chipset sales and/or a reduction in our licensees’ sales to wireless
operators, causing a corresponding decline in our chipset and/or licensing revenues.

     In addition, as the number of competitors or other patent holders in the market increases and
the functionality of our products expands to include additional technologies and features, we may
become subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of
others. Any claims, regardless of their merit, could be time consuming to address, result in costly
litigation, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel or cause product release
or shipment delays, any of which could have a material adverse effect upon our operating results.
In any potential dispute involving other companies’ patents or other intellectual property, our
chipset suppliers and customers could also become the targets of litigation. We are contingently
liable under certain product sales, services, license and other agreements to indemnify certain
customers against certain types of liability and/or damages arising from qualifying claims of
patent infringement by products or services sold or provided by us. Reimbursements under
indemnification arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
Furthermore, any such litigation could severely disrupt the supply of our products and the business
of our chipset customers and their wireless operator customers, which in turn could hurt our
relationships with our chipset customers and wireless operators and could result in a decline in
our chipset sales and/or a reduction in our licensees’ sales to wireless operators, causing a
corresponding decline in our chipset and/or licensing revenues.

     A number of other companies have claimed to own patents essential to various CDMA standards,
GSM standards and OFDMA standards or implementations of OFDM and OFDMA systems. If we or other
product manufacturers are required to obtain additional licenses and/or pay royalties to one or
more patent holders, this could have a material adverse effect on the commercial implementation of
our CDMA, GSM, OFDMA or multimode products and technologies, demand for our licensees’ products and
our profitability.

     Other companies or entities also have, and may again, commence actions seeking to establish
the invalidity of our patents. In the event that one or more of our patents are challenged, a court
may invalidate the patent(s) or determine that the patent(s) is not enforceable, which could harm
our competitive position. If our key patents are

21

Table of Contents

invalidated, or if the scope of the claims in any of these patents is limited by court
decision, we could be prevented from licensing the invalidated or limited portion of such patents.
Such adverse decisions could negatively impact our revenues. Even if such a patent challenge is not
successful, it could be expensive and time consuming to address, divert management attention from
our business and harm our reputation.

Our industry is subject to competition that could result in decreased demand for our products and the products of our customers and licensees and/or declining average selling prices for our
licensees’ products and our products, negatively affecting our revenues and operating results.

     We currently face significant competition in our markets and expect that competition will
continue. Competition in the telecommunications market is affected by various factors, including:

•

comprehensiveness of products and technologies;

•

value added features which drive replacement rates and selling prices;

•

manufacturing capability;

•

scalability and the ability of the system technology to meet customers’ immediate and
future network requirements;

•

product performance and quality;

•

design and engineering capabilities;

•

compliance with industry standards;

•

time-to-market;

•

system cost; and

•

customer support.

     This competition may result in increased development costs and reduced average selling prices
for our products and those of our customers and licensees. Reductions in the average selling prices
of our licensees’ products, unless offset by an increase in volumes, generally result in reduced
royalties payable to us. While pricing pressures from competition may, to a large extent, be
mitigated by the introduction of new features and functionality in our licensees’ products as
evidenced by the recent success of smartphones and other feature
rich, data capable devices, there
is no guarantee that such mitigation will continue to occur. We anticipate that additional
competitors will enter our markets as a result of growth opportunities in wireless
telecommunications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors,
technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in selected segments
of the industry.

     Companies that promote non-CDMA technologies (e.g., GSM, WiMAX) and companies that design
competing CDMA-based integrated circuits are generally included amongst our competitors or
potential competitors in the United States or abroad. Examples (some of whom are strategic partners
of ours in other areas) include Broadcom, Freescale, Fujitsu, Icera, Infineon, Intel, Mediatek,
NEC, nVidia, Renesas, ST-Ericsson (a joint venture between Ericsson Mobile Platforms and ST-NXP
Wireless), Texas Instruments and VIA Telecom. With respect to our QES business, our competitors are
aggressively pricing products and services and are offering new value-added products and services,
which may impact margins, intensify competition in current and new markets and harm our ability to
compete in certain markets.

     Many of these current and potential competitors have advantages over us, including:

•

longer operating histories and market presence;

•

greater name recognition;

•

motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to find alternate suppliers;

•

access to larger customer bases;

•

economies of scale and cost structure advantages;

•

greater sales and marketing, manufacturing, distribution, technical and other
resources; and

•

government support of other technologies.

     As a result of these and other factors, our competitors may be more successful than us. In
addition, we anticipate new competitors, including companies not previously engaged in
manufacturing telecommunications chipsets, to

22

Table of Contents

begin offering and selling products based on 3G standards, LTE and WiMAX. These competitors
may have more established relationships and distribution channels in markets not currently
deploying CDMA-based wireless communications technology. These competitors also may have
established or may establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves or with our
existing or potential customers, resellers or other third parties. These relationships may affect
our customers’ decisions to purchase products or license technology from us or to use alternative
technologies. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and rapidly
acquire significant market share of sales to our detriment. In addition to the foregoing, we have
seen, and believe we will continue to see, an increase in customers requesting that we develop
products, including chipsets, that will operate in an “open source” environment, which offers
practical accessibility to a portion of a product’s source code. Developing open source compliant
products, without imperiling the intellectual property rights upon which our licensing business
depends, may prove difficult under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive
disadvantage for new product designs.

     We continue to believe our FLO TV service offering provides compelling advantages to
consumers. However, we face indirect competition to our FLO TV products and services from wireless
delivery of streaming and downloadable video content via wireless operators, OEMs and other
providers of mobile video content, as well as from internet video content accessed through the
mobile web browser.

     While we continue to believe our QMT Division’s interferometric modulator (IMOD) displays will
offer compelling advantages to users of displays, there can be no assurance that other technologies
will not continue to improve in ways that reduce the advantages we anticipate from our IMOD
displays. Sales of flat panel displays are currently, and we believe will likely continue to be for
some time, dominated by displays based on liquid crystal display (LCD) technology. Numerous
companies are making substantial investments in, and conducting research to improve characteristics
of, LCDs. Additionally, several other flat panel display technologies have been, or are being,
developed, including technologies for the production of organic light-emitting diode (OLED), field
emission, inorganic electroluminescence, gas plasma and vacuum fluorescent displays. In each case,
advances in LCD or other flat panel display technologies could result in technologies that are more
cost effective, have fewer display limitations or can be brought to market faster than our IMOD
technology. These advances in competing technologies might cause display manufacturers to avoid
entering into commercial relationships with us, or not renew planned or existing relationships with
us. Our QMT division had $389 million in assets (including $128 million in goodwill) at September
27, 2009. If we do not achieve adequate market penetration with our IMOD display technology, our
assets may become impaired, which could negatively impact our operating results.

Attempts by certain companies, if successful, to amend or modify Standards Development
Organizations’ (SDOs) and other industry forums’ intellectual property policies could impact our
licensing business.

     Some companies have proposed significant changes to existing intellectual property policies
for implementation by SDOs and other industry organizations, some of which would require a maximum
aggregate intellectual property royalty rate for the use of all essential patents owned by all of
the member companies to be applied to the selling price of any product implementing the relevant
standard. They have further proposed that such maximum aggregate royalty rate be apportioned to
each member company with essential patents based upon the number of essential patents held by such
company. In May 2007, seven companies (Nokia, Nokia-Siemens, NEC, Ericsson, SonyEricsson,
Alcatel-Lucent and NextWave) issued a press release announcing their commitment to the principles
described above with respect to the licensing of patents essential to LTE and inviting all other
industry participants to join them in adopting such policies. Although the European
Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) IPR Special Committee and the Next Generation Mobile
Network industry group have thus far determined that such proposals should not be adopted as
amendments to existing ETSI policies or new policies, and no other companies have joined these
seven companies, such proposals as described above might be revisited within ETSI and might be
adopted by other SDOs or industry groups, formal and/or informal, resulting in a potential
disadvantage to our business model either by artificially limiting our return on investment with
respect to new technologies or forcing us to work outside of the SDOs or such other industry groups
for promoting our new technologies.

We depend upon a limited number of third-party suppliers to manufacture and test component parts,
subassemblies and finished goods for our products. If these third-party suppliers do not allocate
adequate manufacturing and test capacity in their facilities to produce products on our behalf, or
if there are any disruptions in the operations, or the loss, of any of these third parties, it
could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers, reduce our revenues,
increase our cost of sales and harm our business.

     A supplier’s ability to meet our product manufacturing demand is limited mainly by its overall
capacity and current capacity availability. Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part,
on our ability to obtain timely

23

Table of Contents

and adequate delivery of parts and components from our suppliers. A reduction or interruption
in our product supply source, an inability of our suppliers to react to shifts in product demand or
an increase in component prices could have a material adverse effect on our business or
profitability. Component shortages could adversely affect our ability and that of our customers to
ship products on a timely basis and, as a result, our customers’ demand for our products. Any such
shipment delays or declines in demand could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or
sustain desired levels of profitability. Additionally, failure to meet customer demand in a timely
manner could damage our reputation and harm our customer relationships. Our operations may also be
harmed by lengthy or recurring disruptions at any of our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities and by
disruptions in the distribution channels from our suppliers and to our customers. Any such
disruptions could cause significant delays in shipments until we are able to shift the products
from an affected manufacturer to another manufacturer. If the affected supplier was a sole-source
supplier, we may not be able to obtain the product without significant cost and delay. The loss of
a significant third-party supplier or the inability of a third-party supplier to meet performance
and quality specifications or delivery schedules could harm our ability to meet our delivery
obligations to our customers and negatively impact our revenues and business operations.

     QCT Segment. Although we have entered into long-term contracts with our suppliers, most of
these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity commitments, except as may be provided in a
particular purchase order that has been accepted by our supplier. To the extent that we do not have
firm commitments from our suppliers over a specific time period, or in any specific quantity, our
suppliers may allocate, and in the past have allocated, capacity to the production and testing of
products for their other customers while reducing capacity to manufacture our products.
Accordingly, capacity for our products may not be available when we need it or available at
reasonable prices. We have experienced capacity limitations from our suppliers, which resulted in
supply constraints and our inability to meet certain customer demand. There can be no assurance
that we will not experience these or other supply constraints in the future, which could result in
our failure to meet customer demand.

     While our goal is to establish alternate suppliers for technologies that we consider critical,
some of our integrated circuits products are only available from single sources, with which we do
not have long-term capacity commitments. Our reliance on sole- or limited-source suppliers involves
significant risks including possible shortages of manufacturing capacity, poor product performance
and reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capability and yields, quality
assurance, quantity and costs. Our arrangements with our suppliers may oblige us to incur costs to
manufacture and test our products that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in pricing to
our customers which may result in lowering our operating margins. In addition, the timely readiness
of our foundry suppliers to support transitions to smaller geometry process technologies could
impact our ability to meet customer demand, revenues and cost expectations. The timing of
acceptance of the smaller technology designs by our customers may subject us to the risk of excess
inventories of earlier designs.

     In the event of a loss of, or a decision to change, a key third-party supplier, qualifying a
new foundry supplier and commencing volume production or testing could involve delay and expense,
resulting in lost revenues, reduced operating margins and possible loss of customers. We work
closely with our customers to expedite their processes for evaluating new integrated circuits from
our foundry suppliers; however, in some instances, transition of integrated circuit production to a
new foundry supplier may cause a temporary decline in shipments of specific integrated circuits to
individual customers.

     Under our Integrated Fabless Manufacturing (IFM) model, we purchase die from semiconductor
manufacturing foundries, contract with separate third-party manufacturers for back-end assembly and
test services and ship the completed integrated circuits to our customers. We are unable to
directly control the services provided by our semiconductor assembly and test (SAT) suppliers,
including the timely procurement of packaging materials for our products, availability of assembly
and test capacity, manufacturing yields, quality assurance and product delivery schedules. We have
a limited history of working with the SAT suppliers under the IFM model, and we cannot guarantee
that our lack of control will not cause disruptions in our operations that could harm our ability
to meet our delivery obligations to our customers, reduce our revenues or increase our cost of
sales.

     QMT Division. QMT needs to form and maintain reliable business relationships with flat panel
display manufacturers or other targeted partners to support the manufacture of IMOD displays in
commercial volumes. All of our current relationships have been for the development and limited
production of certain IMOD display panels and/or modules. Some or all of these relationships may
not succeed or, even if they are successful, may not result in the display manufacturers’ entering
into material supply relationships with us.

     FLO TV Business. FLO TV depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers to manufacture
and test component parts, subassemblies and finished goods for
products related to our direct-to-consumer FLO TV service

24

Table of Contents

offering. If these third-party suppliers do not allocate adequate manufacturing and test
capacity in their facilities to produce products on our behalf, or if there are any disruptions in
the operations, or the loss, of any of these third parties, our ability to meet our delivery
obligations to our customers could be harmed, which could negatively impact our operating results.
Lack of devices could also delay subscriber adoption of our FLO TV service.

Our suppliers may also be our competitors, putting us at a disadvantage for pricing and capacity
allocation.

     One or more of our suppliers may obtain licenses from us to manufacture CDMA-based integrated
circuits that compete with our products. In this event, the supplier could elect to allocate raw
materials and manufacturing capacity to their own products and reduce deliveries to us to our
detriment. In addition, we may not receive reasonable pricing, manufacturing or delivery terms. We
cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations
that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost
of sales.

We, and our licensees, are subject to the risks of conducting business outside the United States.

     A significant part of our strategy involves our continued pursuit of growth opportunities in a
number of international market locations. We market, sell and service our products internationally.
We have established sales offices around the world. We expect to continue to expand our
international sales operations and to sell products in additional countries and locations. This
expansion will require significant management attention and financial resources to successfully
develop direct and indirect international sales and support channels, and we cannot assure you that
we will be successful or that our expenditures in this effort will not exceed the amount of any
resulting revenues. If we are not able to maintain or increase international market demand for our
products and technologies, we may not be able to maintain a desired rate of growth in our business.

     Our international customers sell their products to markets throughout the world, including
China, India, Japan, South Korea, North America, South America and Europe. We distinguish revenues
from external customers by geographic areas based on the location to which our products, software
or services are delivered and, for QTL’s licensing and royalty revenue, the invoiced address of our
licensees. Consolidated revenues from international customers as a percentage of total revenues
were greater than 90% in both fiscal 2009 and 2008 and were 87% in fiscal 2007. In many
international markets, barriers to entry are created by long-standing relationships between our
potential customers and their local service providers and protective regulations, including local
content and service requirements. In addition, our pursuit of international growth opportunities
may require significant investments for an extended period before we realize returns, if any, on
our investments. Our business could be adversely affected by a variety of uncontrollable and
changing factors, including:

•

difficulty in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights and/or
contracts in a particular foreign jurisdiction, including challenges to our licensing
practices under such jurisdictions’ competition laws;

•

adoption of mandatory licensing provisions by foreign jurisdictions (either with
controlled/regulated royalties or royalty free);

•

challenges pending before foreign competition agencies to the pricing and integration
of additional features and functionality into our wireless chipset products;

•

our inability to succeed in significant foreign markets, such as China, India or
Europe;

•

cultural differences in the conduct of business;

•

difficulty in attracting qualified personnel and managing foreign activities;

•

longer payment cycles for and greater difficulties collecting accounts receivable;

•

export controls, tariffs and other trade protection measures;

•

nationalization, expropriation and limitations on repatriation of cash;

•

social, economic and political instability;

•

natural disasters, acts of terrorism, widespread illness and war;

•

taxation;

•

variability in the value of the dollar against foreign currency; and

•

changes in laws and policies affecting trade, foreign investments, licensing
practices, loans and employment.

25

Table of Contents

     We cannot be certain that the laws and policies of any country with respect to intellectual
property enforcement or licensing, issuance of wireless licenses or the adoption of standards will
not be changed or enforced in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to the sale or use of
our products or technology.

     The wireless markets in China and India, among others, represent growth opportunities for us.
If wireless operators in China or India, or the governments of China or India, make technology
deployment or other decisions that result in actions that are adverse to the expansion of CDMA
technologies, our business could be harmed.

     We are subject to risks in certain global markets in which wireless operators provide
subsidies on wireless device sales to their customers. Increases in device prices that negatively
impact device sales can result from changes in regulatory policies related to device subsidies.
Limitations or changes in policy on device subsidies in South Korea, Japan, China and other
countries may have additional negative impacts on our revenues.

Currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm our
ability to collect receivables, or increase the U.S. dollar cost of the activities of our foreign
subsidiaries and international strategic investments.

     We are exposed to risk from fluctuations in currencies, which may change over time as our
business practices evolve, that could impact our operating results, liquidity and financial
condition. We operate and invest globally. Adverse movements in currency exchange rates may
negatively affect our business due to a number of situations, including the following:

•

If the effective price of products sold by our customers were to increase as a result
of fluctuations in the exchange rate of the relevant currencies, demand for the products
could fall, which in turn would reduce our royalty and chipset revenues.

•

Our products and those of our customers and licensees that are sold in U.S. dollars
become less price-competitive in international markets if the value of the U.S. dollar
increases relative to foreign currencies, and our revenues may not grow as quickly as
they otherwise might in response to worldwide growth in wireless products and services.

•

Declines in currency values in selected regions may adversely affect our operating
results because our products and those of our customers and licensees may become more
expensive to purchase in the countries of the affected currencies.

•

Assets or liabilities of our consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign investees that
are not denominated in the functional currency of those entities are subject to the
effects of currency fluctuations, which may affect our reported earnings. Our exposure
to foreign currencies may increase as we increase our presence in existing markets or
expand into new markets.

•

Investments in our consolidated foreign subsidiaries and in other foreign entities
that use the local currency as the functional currency may decline in value as a result
of declines in local currency values.

•

Certain of our revenues, such as royalty revenues, are derived from licensee or
customer sales that are denominated in foreign currencies. If these revenues are not
subject to foreign exchange hedging transactions, weakening of currency values in
selected regions could adversely affect our near term revenues and cash flows. In
addition, continued weakening of currency values in selected regions over an extended
period of time could adversely affect our future revenues and cash flows.

•

We may engage in foreign exchange hedging transactions that could affect our cash
flows and earnings because they may require the payment of structuring fees, they may
limit the U.S. dollar value of royalties from licensees’ sales that are denominated in
foreign currencies, and they expose us to counterparty risk if the counterparty fails to
perform.

•

Our trade receivables are generally U.S. dollar denominated. Any significant increase
in the value of the dollar against our customers’ or licensees’ functional currencies
could result in an increase in our customers’ or licensees’ cash flow requirements and
could consequently affect our ability to sell products and collect receivables.

•

Strengthening currency values in selected regions may adversely affect our operating
results because the activities of our foreign subsidiaries, and the costs of procuring
component parts and chipsets from foreign vendors, may become more expensive in U.S.
dollars.

26

Table of Contents

•

Strengthening currency values in selected regions may adversely affect our cash flows
and investment results because strategic investment obligations denominated in foreign
currencies may become more expensive, and the U.S. dollar cost of equity in losses of
foreign investees may increase.

•

Weakening currency values in selected regions may adversely affect the value of our
marketable securities issued in foreign markets.

We may engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make investments that could result in
significant changes or management disruption and fail to enhance stockholder value.

     From time to time, we engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make investments
with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. We acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures or
other strategic transactions and purchase equity and debt securities, including minority interests
in publicly-traded and private companies, non-investment-grade debt securities, equity and debt
mutual and exchange-traded funds, corporate bonds/notes, auction rate securities and
mortgage/asset-backed securities. Many of our strategic investments are in early-stage companies to
support our business, including the global adoption of CDMA-based technologies and related
services. Most of our strategic investments entail a high degree of risk and will not become liquid
until more than one year from the date of investment, if at all. Our acquisitions or strategic
investments (either those we have completed or may undertake in the future) may not generate
financial returns or result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies. In
addition, our other investments may not generate financial returns or may result in losses due to
market volatility, the general level of interest rates and inflation expectations. In some cases,
we may be required to consolidate or record our share of the earnings or losses of those companies.
Our share of any losses will adversely affect our financial results until we exit from or reduce
our exposure to these investments.

     Achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to
integrate the acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The integration of
companies that have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, and we
may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. The difficulties of
integrating companies include, among others:

•

retaining key employees;

•

maintaining important relationships of Qualcomm and the acquired business;

•

minimizing the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business matters;

•

coordinating geographically separate organizations;

•

consolidating research and development operations; and

•

consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures.

     We cannot assure you that the integration of acquired businesses with our business will result
in the realization of the full benefits anticipated by us to result from the acquisition. We may
not derive any commercial value from the acquired technology, products and intellectual property or
from future technologies and products based on the acquired technology and/or intellectual
property, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification protection
we may obtain.

Defects or errors in our products and services or in products made by our suppliers could harm our
relations with our customers and expose us to liability. Similar problems related to the products
of our customers or licensees could harm our business. If we experience product liability claims or
recalls, we may incur significant expenses and experience decreased demand for our products.

     Our products are inherently complex and may contain defects and errors that are detected only
when the products are in use. For example, as our chipset product complexities increase, we are
required to migrate to integrated circuit technologies with smaller geometric feature sizes. The
design process interface issues are more complex as we enter into these new domains of technology,
which adds risk to yields and reliability. Because our products and services are responsible for
critical functions in our customers’ products and/or networks, such defects or errors could have a
serious impact on our customers, which could damage our reputation, harm our customer relationships
and expose us to liability. Defects or impurities in our components, materials or software or those
used by our customers or licensees, equipment failures or other difficulties could adversely affect
our ability, and that of our customers and licensees, to ship products on a timely basis as well as
customer or licensee demand for our products. Any such shipment delays or declines in demand could
reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain desired levels of profitability. We
and our customers or licensees may also experience component or software failures or defects that
could require significant product recalls, rework and/or repairs that are not covered by warranty
reserves

27

Table of Contents

and which could consume a substantial portion of the capacity of our third-party manufacturers
or those of our customers or licensees. Resolving any defect or failure related issues could
consume financial and/or engineering resources that could affect future product release schedules.
Additionally, a defect or failure in our products or the products of our customers or licensees
could harm our reputation and/or adversely affect the growth of 3G wireless markets.

     Testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our products and those of our licensees and
customers entail the risk of product liability. The use of wireless devices containing our products
to access untrusted content creates a risk of exposing the system software in those devices to
viral or malicious attacks. We continue to expand our focus on this issue and take measures to
safeguard the software from this threat. However, this issue carries the risk of general product
liability claims along with the associated impacts on reputation and demand. Although we carry
product liability insurance to protect against product liability claims, we cannot assure you that
our insurance coverage will be sufficient to protect us against losses due to product liability
claims, or that we will be able to continue to maintain such insurance at a reasonable cost.
Furthermore, not all losses associated with alleged product failure are insurable. Our inability to
maintain insurance at an acceptable cost or to protect ourselves in other ways against potential
product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and those
of our licensees and customers and harm our future operating results. In addition, a product
liability claim or recall, whether against our licensees, customers or us could harm our reputation
and result in decreased demand for our products.

FLO TV does not fully control promotional activities necessary to stimulate demand for our services
that are offered through the wireless operator channel.

     Our FLO TV business is a wholesale provider of a mobile entertainment and information service
to our wireless operator partners. We do not set the retail price of our service when it is
provided wholesale, nor do we directly control all of the marketing and promotion of the service to
the wireless operator’s subscriber base. Therefore, we are dependent upon our wireless operator
partners to price, market and otherwise promote our service to their end users. If our wireless
operator partners do not effectively price, market and otherwise promote the service offered
through the wireless operator channel to their subscriber base, our ability to achieve the
subscriber and revenue targets contemplated in our business plan will be negatively impacted.

Consumer acceptance and adoption of our MediaFLO technology and mobile commerce applications will
have a considerable impact on the success of our FLO TV and Firethorn businesses, respectively.

     Consumer acceptance of our FLO TV and Firethorn service offerings are, and will continue to
be, affected by technology-based differences and by the operational performance, quality,
reliability and coverage of our wireless network and services platforms. Consumer demand could be
impacted by differences in technology, coverage and service areas, network quality, consumer
perceptions, program and service offerings and rate plans. Our wireless operator and financial
services partners may have difficulty retaining subscribers if we are unable to meet subscriber
expectations for network quality and coverage, customer care, content or security. Obtaining
content for our FLO TV business that is appealing to subscribers on economically feasible terms may
be limited by our content provider partners’ inability to obtain the mobile rights to such
programming. An inability to address these issues could limit our ability to expand our subscriber
base placing us at a competitive disadvantage, which could adversely affect our operating results.
Additionally, adoption and deployment of our MediaFLO technology could be adversely impacted by
government regulatory practices that support a single standard other than our technology, wireless
operator selection of competing technologies or consumer preferences. If MediaFLO technology is not
more widely adopted by consumers in the United States or commercially deployed internationally, our
investment in MediaFLO technology may not provide us an adequate return.

Our business and operating results will be harmed if we are unable to manage growth in our
business.

     Certain of our businesses have experienced periods of rapid growth and/or increased their
international activities, placing significant demands on our managerial, operational and financial
resources. In order to manage growth and geographic expansion, we must continue to improve and
develop our management, operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control
and delivery and service capabilities. We also need to continue to expand, train and manage our
employee base. We must carefully manage research and development capabilities and production and
inventory levels to meet product demand, new product introductions and product and technology
transitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand
and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers and licensees.

     In addition, inaccuracies in our demand forecasts, or failure of the systems used to develop
the forecasts, could quickly result in either insufficient or excessive inventories and
disproportionate overhead expenses. If we

28

Table of Contents

ineffectively manage our growth or are unsuccessful in recruiting and retaining personnel, our
business and operating results will be harmed.

Our stock price may be volatile.

     The stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology-based and wireless
communications companies in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated
to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock
has fluctuated in the past and is likely to fluctuate in the future as well. Factors that may have
a significant impact on the market price of our stock include:

•

announcements concerning us or our competitors, including the selection of wireless
communications technology by wireless operators and the timing of the roll-out of those
systems;

•

court or regulatory body decisions or settlements regarding intellectual property
licensing and patent litigation and arbitration;

•

receipt of substantial orders or order cancellations for integrated circuits and
system software products;

•

quality deficiencies in services or products;

•

announcements regarding financial developments or technological innovations;

•

international developments, such as technology mandates, political developments or
changes in economic policies;

•

lack of capital to invest in 3G networks;

•

new commercial products;

•

changes in recommendations of securities analysts;

•

general stock market volatility;

•

disruption in the U.S. and foreign credit and financial markets affecting both the
availability of credit and credit spreads on investment securities;

•

government regulations, including tax regulations;

•

energy blackouts;

•

acts of terrorism and war;

•

inflation and deflation;

•

concerns regarding global economic conditions that may impact one or more of the
countries in which we, our customers or our licensees compete;

•

widespread illness;

•

proprietary rights or product or patent litigation against us or against our
customers or licensees;

•

strategic transactions, such as spin-offs, acquisitions and divestitures; or

•

rumors or allegations regarding our financial disclosures or practices.

     Our future earnings and stock price may be subject to volatility, particularly on a quarterly
basis. Shortfalls in our revenues or earnings in any given period relative to the levels expected
by securities analysts could immediately, significantly and adversely affect the trading price of
our common stock.

     In the past, securities class action litigation often has been brought against a company
following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Due to changes in the
potential volatility of our stock price, we may be the target of securities litigation in the
future. Securities and patent litigation could result in substantial uninsured costs and divert
management’s attention and resources. In addition, stock price volatility may be precipitated by
failure to meet earnings expectations or other factors, such as the potential uncertainty in future
reported earnings created by the assumptions used for share-based compensation and the related
valuation models used to determine such expense.

Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and we must make substantial investments in
new products, services and technologies to compete successfully.

     New technological innovations generally require a substantial investment before they are
commercially viable. We intend to continue to make substantial investments in developing new
products and technologies, and it is

29

Table of Contents

possible that our development efforts will not be successful and that our new technologies
will not result in meaningful revenues. In particular, we intend to continue to invest significant
resources in developing integrated circuit products to support high-speed wireless internet access
and multimode, multiband, multinetwork operation and multimedia applications, which encompass
development of graphical display, camera and video capabilities, as well as higher computational
capability and lower power on-chip computers and signal processors. We also continue to invest in
the development of our Plaza and BREW applications development platform, our MediaFLO MDS, MediaFLO
technology and FLO TV service offering and our IMOD display technology. Certain of these new
products, services and technologies face significant competition, and we cannot assure you that the
revenues generated from these products or the timing of the deployment of these products or
technologies, which may be dependent on the actions of others, will meet our expectations. We
cannot be certain that we will make the additional advances in development that may be essential to
commercialize our IMOD technology successfully.

The market for our wireless products, services and technologies is characterized by many
factors, including:

•

rapid technological advances and evolving industry standards;

•

changes in customer requirements and consumer expectations and preferences;

•

frequent introductions of new products and enhancements;

•

evolving methods for transmission of wireless voice and data communications; and

•

intense competition from companies with greater resources, customer relationships and
distribution capabilities.

     Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to develop and introduce new
products, services, technologies and enhancements on a timely basis. Our future success will also
depend on our ability to keep pace with technological developments, protect our intellectual
property, satisfy customer requirements, meet consumer expectations, price our products and
services competitively and achieve market acceptance. The introduction of products embodying new
technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing products and
technologies, and products and technologies currently under development, obsolete and unmarketable.
If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments or customer
requirements, or experience any significant delays in development, introduction or shipment of our
products and technologies in commercial quantities, demand for our products and our customers’ and
licensees’ products that use our technologies could decrease, and our competitive position could be
damaged.

Changes in assumptions used to estimate the values of share-based compensation have a significant
effect on our reported results.

     We are required to estimate and record compensation expense in the statement of operations for
share-based payments, such as employee stock options, using the fair value method. This method has
a significant effect on our reported earnings, although it will not affect our cash flows, and
could adversely impact our ability to provide accurate guidance on our future reported financial
results due to the variability of the factors used to estimate the values of share-based payments.
If factors change and/or we employ different assumptions or different valuation methods in future
periods, the compensation expense that we record may differ significantly from amounts recorded
previously, which could negatively affect our stock price and our stock price volatility.

     There are significant differences among valuation models, and there is a possibility that we
will adopt different valuation models in the future. This may result in a lack of consistency in
future periods and materially affect the fair value estimate of share-based payments. It may also
result in a lack of comparability with other companies that use different models, methods and
assumptions.

     Theoretical valuation models and market-based methods are evolving and may result in lower or
higher fair value estimates for share-based compensation. The timing, readiness, adoption, general
acceptance, reliability and testing of these methods is uncertain. Sophisticated mathematical
models may require voluminous historical information, modeling expertise, financial analyses,
correlation analyses, integrated software and databases, consulting fees, customization and testing
for adequacy of internal controls. Market-based methods are emerging that, if employed by us, may
dilute our earnings per share and involve significant transaction fees and ongoing administrative
expenses. The uncertainties and costs of these extensive valuation efforts may outweigh the
benefits to our investors.

Potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results.

     We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe
our tax estimates are

30

Table of Contents

reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be
materially different than that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals.
In such case, a material effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods
in which that determination is made could result. In addition, tax rules may change that may
adversely affect our future reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. For
example, we consider the operating earnings of certain non-United States subsidiaries to be
indefinitely invested outside the United States based on estimates that future domestic cash
generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. No provision has been made for
United States federal and state or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of
undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. Our future reported financial results may be
adversely affected if accounting rules regarding unrepatriated earnings change, if domestic cash
needs require us to repatriate foreign earnings, or if the United States international tax rules
change as part of comprehensive tax reform or other tax legislation.

The high amount of capital required to obtain radio frequency licenses, deploy and expand wireless
networks and obtain new subscribers could slow the growth of the wireless communications industry
and adversely affect our business.

     Our growth is dependent upon the increased use of wireless communications services that
utilize our technology. In order to provide wireless communications services, wireless operators
must obtain rights to use specific radio frequencies. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in
the United States and other countries throughout the world, and limited spectrum space is allocated
to wireless communications services. Industry growth may be affected by the amount of capital
required to: obtain licenses to use new frequencies; deploy wireless networks to offer voice and
data services; expand wireless networks to grow voice and data services; and obtain new
subscribers. The significant cost of licenses, wireless networks and subscriber additions may slow
the growth of the industry if wireless operators are unable to obtain or service the additional
capital necessary to implement or expand 3G wireless networks. Our growth could be adversely
affected if this occurs.

If wireless devices pose safety risks, we may be subject to new regulations, and demand for our
products and those of our licensees and customers may decrease.

     Concerns over the effects of radio frequency emissions, even if unfounded, may have the effect
of discouraging the use of wireless devices, which may decrease demand for our products and those
of our licensees and customers. In recent years, the FCC and foreign regulatory agencies have
updated the guidelines and methods they use for evaluating radio frequency emissions from radio
equipment, including wireless phones and other wireless devices. In addition, interest groups have
requested that the FCC investigate claims that wireless communications technologies pose health
concerns and cause interference with airbags, hearing aids and medical devices. Concerns have also
been expressed over the possibility of safety risks due to a lack of attention associated with the
use of wireless devices while driving. Any legislation that may be adopted in response to these
expressions of concern could reduce demand for our products and those of our licensees and
customers in the United States as well as foreign countries.

Our QES and FLO TV businesses depend on the availability of satellite and other networks.

     Our satellite-based mobile fleet management and trailer tracking services are provided using
leased Kurtz-under band (Ku-band) satellite transponders in the United States, Mexico and Europe.
Our primary data satellite transponder and position reporting satellite transponder lease for the
system in the United States runs through September 2012 and includes transponder and satellite
protection (back-up capacity in the event of a transponder or satellite failure). The transponder
lease for the system in Mexico runs through April 2010 and has transponder and satellite
protection. We are currently negotiating to extend the lease in Mexico. Our agreement with a
third party to provide network management and satellite space (including procuring satellite space)
in Europe expires in February 2013. We believe our agreements will provide sufficient transponder
capacity for our satellite-based operations through the expiration dates. A failure to maintain
adequate satellite capacity could harm our business, operating results, liquidity and financial
position. QES terrestrial-based products rely on wireless terrestrial communication networks
operated by third parties. The unavailability or nonperformance of these network systems could harm
our business.

     Our FLO TV network and systems currently operate in the United States market on a leased
Ku-band satellite transponder. Our primary program content and data distribution satellite
transponder lease runs through December 2012 and includes transponder and satellite protection
(back-up capacity in the event of a transponder or satellite failure), which we believe will
provide sufficient transponder capacity for our United States FLO TV service through fiscal 2012.
Additionally, our FLO TV transmitter sites are monitored and controlled by a variety of
terrestrial-based data circuits relying on various terrestrial and satellite communication networks
operated by third

31

Table of Contents

parties. A failure to maintain adequate satellite capacity or the unavailability or
nonperformance of the terrestrial-based network systems could have an adverse effect on our
business and operating results.

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.

     Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a
Disaster Recovery Plan for our internal information technology networking systems, our systems are
vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural
disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. Any system failure, accident or security
breach that causes interruptions in our operations or in our vendors’, customers’ or licensees’
operations could result in a material disruption to our business. To the extent that any disruption
or security breach results in a loss or damage to our customers’ data or applications, or
inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. In
addition, we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or
security breaches.

     Data transmissions for QES operations are formatted and processed at the Network Management
and Data Center in San Diego, California, with a redundant backup Network Management and Data
Center located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Content from third parties for FLO TV operations is received,
processed and retransmitted at the Broadcast Operations Center in San Diego, California. Certain
Plaza and BREW products and services provided by our QIS operations are hosted at the Network
Operations Center in San Diego, California with a fully redundant backup Network Operations Center
located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The centers, operated by us, are subject to system failures, which
could interrupt the services and have an adverse effect on our operating results.

     From time to time, we install new or upgraded business management systems. To the extent such
systems fail or are not properly implemented, we may experience material disruptions to our
business, delays in our external financial reporting or failures in our system of internal
controls, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Noncompliance with environmental or safety regulations could cause us to incur significant expenses and harm our business.

     As part of the development and commercialization of our IMOD display technology, we are
operating both a development and a production fabrication facility. The development and
commercialization of IMOD display prototypes is a complex and precise process involving hazardous
materials subject to environmental and safety regulations. Our failure or inability to comply with
existing or future environmental and safety regulations could result in significant remediation
liabilities, the imposition of fines and/or the suspension or termination of development and
production activities.

Our stock repurchase program may not result in a positive return of capital to stockholders and may
expose us to counterparty risk.

     At September 27, 2009, we had authority to repurchase up to $1.7 billion of our common stock.
Our stock repurchases may not return value to stockholders because the market price of the stock
may decline significantly below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Our stock
repurchase program is intended to deliver stockholder value over the long-term, but stock price
fluctuations can reduce the program’s effectiveness.

     As part of our stock repurchase program, we may sell put options or engage in structured
derivative transactions to reduce the cost of repurchasing stock. In the event of a significant and
unexpected drop in stock price, these arrangements may require us to repurchase stock at price
levels that are significantly above the then-prevailing market price of our stock. Such
overpayments may have an adverse effect on the effectiveness of our overall stock repurchase
program and may reduce value for our stockholders. In the event of financial insolvency or distress
of a counterparty to our put options, structured derivative transactions or 10b5-1 stock repurchase
plan, we may be unable to settle transactions.

We cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends at all or in any particular
amounts.

     We intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends subject to capital availability and periodic
determinations that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders. Future dividends
may be affected by, among other items, our views on potential future capital requirements,
including those related to research and development, creation and expansion of sales distribution
channels and investments and acquisitions, legal risks, stock repurchase programs, changes in
federal and state income tax law and changes to our business model. Our dividend payments may
change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare
dividends at all or in any particular amounts. A reduction in our dividend payments could have a
negative effect on our stock price.

32

Table of Contents

Government regulation and policies of industry standards bodies may adversely affect our business.

     Our products and services and those of our customers and licensees are subject to various
regulations, including FCC regulations in the United States and other international regulations, as
well as the specifications of national, regional and international standards bodies. Changes in the
regulation of our activities, including changes in the allocation of available spectrum by the
United States government and other governments or exclusion or limitation of our technology or
products by a government or standards body, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, liquidity and financial position.

     We hold licenses in the United States from the FCC for the spectrum referred to as Block D in
the Lower 700 MHz Band (also known as TV Channel 55) covering the entire nation and spectrum
referred to as Block E in the Lower 700 MHz Band (also known as TV Channel 56) covering five
economic areas on the east and west coasts for use in our FLO TV business. In addition, we hold
licenses for the spectrum referred to as B Block in the Lower 700 MHz Band for use initially in our
various research and development initiatives. In using the licensed spectrum, we are regulated by
the FCC pursuant to the terms of our licenses and the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as
amended, and pursuant to Part 27 of the FCC’s rules, which are subject to a variety of ongoing FCC
proceedings. It is impossible to predict with certainty the outcome of pending FCC or other federal
or state regulatory proceedings relating to our FLO TV service or our use of the spectrum for which
we hold licenses. Unless we are able to obtain relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit
our ability to expand our business and to introduce new products and services. In addition, the
adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework could adversely
affect our business plans.

     We hold licenses in the United Kingdom from the Office of Communications (Ofcom) to use 40 MHz
of spectrum in the so-called L-Band (1452 MHz to 1492 MHz). These licenses give us the right to use
this spectrum throughout the entire United Kingdom. In using this spectrum, we are regulated by
Ofcom pursuant to the terms of our license and the United Kingdom’s Wireless Technology Act of
2006. The adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework could
adversely affect our business plans.

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.

     Our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our board members, executive
officers and other key management and technical personnel. Our success also depends on our ability
to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, implementing our
product and business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, and our revenues
are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for such specialized
engineering and other talented employees in our industry is extremely competitive. In addition,
existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled
foreign national graduates of U.S. universities, making the pool of available talent even smaller.
Key employees represent a significant asset, and the competition for these employees is intense in
the wireless communications industry. In the event of a labor shortage, or in the event of an
unfavorable change in prevailing labor and/or immigration laws, we could experience difficulty
attracting and retaining qualified employees. We continue to anticipate increases in human resource
needs, particularly in engineering. If we are unable to attract and retain the qualified employees
that we need, our business may be harmed.

     We may have particular difficulty attracting and retaining key personnel in periods of poor
operating performance given the significant use of incentive compensation by our competitors. We do
not have employment agreements with our key management personnel and do not maintain key person
life insurance on any of our personnel. To the extent that new regulations make it less attractive
to grant share-based awards to employees or if stockholders do not authorize shares for the
continuation of equity compensation programs in the future, we may incur increased compensation
costs, change our equity compensation strategy or find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate
employees, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business.

Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in
additional expenses.

     Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. New or changed laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases. As a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate
governance and public disclosure. Complying with evolving interpretations of new or changed legal
requirements may cause us to incur higher costs as we revise current practices, policies and
procedures, and may divert management time and attention from revenue generating to compliance
activities. If our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ
from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to
practice, our reputation might also be harmed. Further,

33

Table of Contents

our board members, chief executive officer and chief financial officer could face an increased
risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may
have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which
could harm our business.

Our charter documents and Delaware law could limit transactions in which stockholders might obtain
a premium over current market prices.

     Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that requires the approval of holders of
at least 66 2/3% of our voting stock as a condition to certain mergers or other business
transactions with, or proposed by, a holder of 15% or more of our voting stock. Under our charter
documents, stockholders are not permitted to call special meetings of our stockholders or to act by
written consent. These charter provisions may discourage certain types of transactions involving an
actual or potential change in our control, including those offering stockholders a premium over
current market prices. These provisions may also limit our stockholders’ ability to approve
transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.

     Further, our Board of Directors has the authority under Delaware law to fix the rights and
preferences of and issue shares of preferred stock, and our preferred share purchase rights
agreement will cause substantial dilution to the ownership of a person or group that attempts to
acquire us on terms not approved by our Board of Directors. While our Board of Directors approved
our preferred share purchase rights agreement to provide the board with greater ability to maximize
shareholder value, these rights could deter takeover attempts that the board finds inadequate and
make it more difficult to bring about a change in our ownership.