Investors should read carefully the following factors as well as the cautionary statements referred to in “Forward-Looking Statements”
herein. If any of the risks and uncertainties described below or elsewhere in this Annual Report actually occur, the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Inherent in the Company’s Business 

The future prices for natural gas, oil and NGL are volatile, and a decline in such prices could adversely affect QEP’s results, stock price and growth plans. 
Historically natural gas,
oil and NGL prices have been volatile and will likely continue to be volatile in the future. U.S. natural gas prices in particular are significantly influenced by weather. Any significant or extended decline in commodity prices would impact the
Company’s future financial condition, revenue, operating results, cash flow, return on invested capital, and rate of growth. In addition, significant and extended declines in commodity prices could limit QEP’s access to sources of capital
or cause QEP to delay or postpone some of its capital projects. Because a significant portion of QEP Energy’s future production is natural gas, the Company’s financial results are substantially more sensitive to changes in natural gas
prices than to changes in oil prices. 

QEP cannot predict the future price of natural gas, oil and NGL because of factors beyond its control,
including but not limited to: 

•

 changes in domestic and foreign supply of natural gas, oil and NGL; 

•

 changes in local, regional, national and global demand for natural gas, oil, and NGL; 

•

 regional price differences resulting from available pipeline transportation capacity or local demand; 

•

 the level of imports of, and the price of, foreign natural gas, oil and NGL; domestic and global economic conditions; 

•

 the potential long-term impact of an abundance of natural gas from unconventional sources on the global gas supply; 

•

 domestic political developments; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 domestic government regulations and taxes; 

•

 technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 

•

 conservation efforts; 

•

 the price, availability and acceptance of alternative fuels; 

•

 storage levels of natural gas, oil, and NGL; and 

•

 the quality of natural gas and oil produced. 

In addition, lower commodity prices may result in asset impairment charges from reductions in the carrying values of QEP’s natural gas and oil properties. 

The Company may not be able to economically find and develop new reserves

. The Company’s profitability depends not only on
prevailing prices for natural gas, oil and NGL, but also its ability to find, develop and acquire gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. Producing natural gas and oil reservoirs are generally characterized by declining production
rates that vary depending on reservoir characteristics. Because of the initial high-rate production decline profile of several of the Company’s producing areas, substantial capital expenditures are required to find, develop and acquire gas and
oil reserves to replace those depleted by production. 

13 

Table of Contents

Gas and oil reserve estimates are imprecise and subject to revision

. QEP’s proved
natural gas and oil reserve estimates are prepared annually by independent reservoir-engineering consultants. Gas and oil reserve estimates are subject to numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves, projecting future
rates of production and timing of development expenditures. The accuracy of these estimates depends on the quality of available data and on engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Reserve estimates are imprecise and will change as
additional information becomes available. Estimates of economically recoverable reserves and future net cash flows prepared by different engineers, or by the same engineers at different times, may vary significantly. Results of subsequent drilling,
testing and production may cause either upward or downward revisions of previous estimates. In addition, the estimation process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, operating costs, severance and other taxes, capital
expenditures and remediation costs. Actual results most likely will vary from the estimates. Any significant variance from these assumptions could affect the recoverable quantities of reserves attributable to any particular properties, the
classifications of reserves, the estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves and the present value of those reserves. 

Investors
should not assume that QEP’s presentation of the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Reserves in this Annual Report is the current market value of the estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance
with SEC disclosure rules, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from QEP’s proved reserves are based on the first-of-the-month prior 12-month average prices and current costs on the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs
constant throughout the life of the properties and using a discount factor of 10 percent per year. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the current estimate, and future determinations of the Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows using similarly determined prices and costs may be significantly different from the current estimate. 

Shortages of oilfield equipment, services and qualified personnel could impact results of operations.
 The demand for qualified and
experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and gas industry can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with natural gas and oil prices,
causing periodic shortages. There have also been regional shortages of drilling rigs and other equipment, as demand for specialized rigs and equipment has increased along with the number of wells being drilled. These factors also cause increases in
costs for equipment, services and personnel. These cost increases could impact profit margin, cash flow and operating results or restrict the ability to drill wells and conduct operations, especially during periods of lower natural gas and oil
prices. 

Operations involve numerous risks that might result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
 Drilling of
natural gas and oil wells is potentially a high-risk activity. Risks include: 

•

 fire, explosions and blow-outs; 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions such as abnormally pressured formations; 

•

 pipe, cement or casing failures; 

•

 pipeline accidents and failures; and 

•

 environmental accidents such as oil spills, natural gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases, brine water or well fluids (including groundwater
contamination). 

The Company could incur substantial losses as a result of injury or loss of life; pollution or other
environmental damage; damage to or destruction of property and equipment; regulatory investigation; fines or curtailment of operations; or attorney’s fees and other expenses incurred in the prosecution or defense of litigation. As a working
interest owner in wells operated by other companies, the Company may also be exposed to the risks enumerated above that are not within its care, custody or control. 

There are also inherent operating risks and hazards in the Company’s gas and oil production and gas gathering, processing and treating operations that could cause substantial financial losses. In
addition, these risks could result in personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, 

14 

Table of Contents

impairment of operations and substantial losses. The location of pipelines near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites could increase the
level of damages resulting from these risks. Certain segments of the Company’s pipelines run through such areas. In spite of the Company’s precautions, an event could cause considerable harm to people or property, and could have a material
adverse effect on the financial position and results of operations, particularly if the event is not fully covered by insurance. Accidents or other operating risks could further result in lost business activity. Such circumstances could adversely
impact the Company’s ability to meet contractual obligations. 

As is customary in the gas and oil industry, the Company maintains
insurance against some, but not all, of these potential risks and losses. Although QEP believes the coverages and amounts of insurances that it carries are adequate and consistent with industry practice, QEP does not have insurance protection
against all risks that it faces, because QEP chooses not to insure certain risks, insurance is not available at a level that balances the costs of insurance and QEP’s desired rates of return, or actual losses exceed coverage limits. Losses and
liabilities arising from uninsured or underinsured events could have a material adverse effect on QEP’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Disruption of, capacity constraints in, or proximity to pipeline systems could impact results of operations. 
QEP transports natural gas, crude oil and NGL to market by utilizing pipelines
owned by others. If pipelines do not exist near producing wells, if pipeline capacity is limited or if pipeline capacity is unexpectedly disrupted, sales could be reduced or shut in, reducing profitability. If pipeline quality requirements change,
the company might be required to install additional treating or processing equipment which could increase costs. 

QEP is dependent on
its revolving credit facility and continued access to capital markets to successfully execute its operating strategies

. If QEP is unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, QEP may experience a decline in its
natural gas and oil reserves
. QEP is partially dependent on external capital sources to provide financing for certain projects. The availability and cost of these capital sources is cyclical, and these capital sources may not remain
available, or the Company may not be able to obtain financing at a reasonable cost in the future. Over the last few years, conditions in the global capital markets have deteriorated, making terms for certain financings less attractive, and in
certain cases, resulting in the unavailability of certain types of financing. If QEP’s revenues decline as a result of lower natural gas, oil and NGL prices, operating difficulties, declines in production or for any other reason, QEP may have
limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain its operations at current levels. The Company utilizes its revolving credit facility, provided by a group of financial institutions, to meet short-term funding needs. All of QEP’s debt
under its revolving credit facility is floating-rate debt. From time to time, the Company may use interest-rate derivatives to fix the rate on a portion of its floating-rate debt. The interest rates on debt under the Company’s revolving credit
facility are tied to QEP’s debt ratings which are published by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. Under QEP’s revolving credit agreement, a downgrade of credit ratings will increase the interest cost of borrowings under the
revolving credit facility. In addition, a downgrade of credit ratings may make it more difficult or expensive to raise capital from financial institutions or other sources. QEP’s failure to obtain additional financing could result in a
curtailment of its operations relating to exploration and development of its prospects, which in turn could lead to a possible reduction in QEP’s natural gas or oil reserves and its revenues, and could negatively impact its results of
operations. 

QEP is exposed to counterparty credit risk as a result of QEP’s receivables and commodity derivative transactions.

QEP has significant credit exposure to outstanding accounts receivable from joint interest and working interest owners as well as customers in all segments of its business. Because QEP is the operator on a majority of its large joint venture
development projects, QEP pays joint venture expenses and makes cash calls on its non-operating partners for their respective shares of joint venture costs. These projects are capital intensive and, in some cases, a non-operating partner may
experience a delay in obtaining financing for its share of the joint venture costs. Counterparty liquidity problems could result in a delay in QEP receiving proceeds from commodity sales or reimbursement of joint venture costs. Credit enhancements,
such as financial guarantees or prepayments, have been obtained from some but not all parties. Nonperformance by a trade creditor or joint 

15 

Table of Contents

venture partner could result in financial losses. In addition, QEP’s commodity derivative transactions expose it to risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a
contract. During periods of falling commodity prices, QEP’s hedge receivable positions increase, which increases its counterparty exposure. 

Risks Related to Strategy 

QEP’s use of derivative instruments to manage
exposure to uncertain prices could result in financial losses or reduce its income
. QEP uses commodity-price derivative arrangements to reduce, or hedge, exposure to volatile natural gas, oil, and NGL prices and to protect cash flow, returns
on capital, net income and credit ratings from downward commodity price movements. To the extent the Company hedges commodity price exposure, it may forgo some or all of the benefits of commodity price increases. Additionally, there are proposed
financial regulations which may change our reporting and margining requirements relating to such instruments. 

QEP enters into commodity-price
derivative arrangements with creditworthy counterparties (banks and energy-trading firms) that do not require collateral deposits. QEP is exposed to the risk of counterparties not performing. The amount of credit available may vary depending on the
credit ratings assigned to the Company’s debt securities. 

QEP faces significant competition and certain of its competitors have
resources in excess of QEP’s available resources. 
QEP operates in the highly competitive areas of natural gas and oil exploration, exploitation, acquisition and production. QEP faces intense competition from: 

•

 large multi-national, integrated oil companies; 

•

 US independent oil and gas companies; 

•

 service companies engaging in oil and gas exploration and production activities; and 

•

 private oil and gas equity funds. 

QEP faces competition in a number of areas such as: 

•

 acquiring desirable producing properties or new leases for future exploration; 

•

 marketing its natural gas, oil and NGL production; 

•

 acquiring the equipment and expertise necessary to operate and develop properties; and 

•

 attracting and retaining employees with certain skills. 

Certain of QEP’s competitors have financial and other resources in excess of those available to QEP. Such companies may be able to pay more for seismic and lease rights on natural gas and oil