Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
of operations to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements
contained in this report or otherwise publicly disclosed by the Company.

The current economic downturn has resulted in a decrease in IT spending levels and could result in
further deterioration of our revenues and operating results.

     The United States and other countries around the world have been experiencing deteriorating
economic conditions. There has been an erosion of global consumer confidence amidst concerns over
declining asset values, inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of
credit, rising unemployment, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial
markets, businesses and sovereign nations. We are unable to predict the likely duration and
severity of the current disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions in the U.S.
and other countries. The economic decline has resulted in a global downturn in information
technology, or IT, spending rates, which has negatively impacted our revenue and operating results.
Further reductions in IT spending rates could result in longer sales cycles, increased inventory
provisions, increased production costs, lower prices for our products and reduced sales volumes.
Even if IT spending rates were to increase, we cannot be certain that the market for storage and
server networking infrastructure solutions would be positively impacted. If economic conditions
worsen, there are future reductions in either domestic or international IT spending rates, or IT
spending rates do not increase, our revenues, operating results and financial condition could
deteriorate further.

     As a result of the worldwide economic slowdown, it is extremely difficult for us and our
customers to forecast future revenue levels based on historical information and trends. Portions
of our expenses are fixed and other expenses are tied to expected levels of revenue. To the extent
that we do not achieve our anticipated level of revenue, our operating results could be adversely
affected until such expenses are reduced to an appropriate level. In addition, we have implemented
various cost cutting measures in order to better align our revenues and cost structure. We may not
be able to identify and implement appropriate further cost savings in a timely manner.
Additionally, we may determine that the costs of implementing reductions outweigh the commensurate
benefits. Should we implement certain cost reductions, there could be adverse consequences on our
business which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition.

     We are also subject to various counterparty risks as a result of the economic slowdown,
including the potential insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays, inability of
customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and/or potential customer
insolvencies, increased risk that customers may delay payments or fail to pay, and counterparty
failures, particularly financial institutions, negatively impacting our treasury operations, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which could cause our stock price to
decline.

     We have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods, fluctuations in sales and
operating results from quarter to quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will
maintain our current gross margins or profitability in the future. A significant portion of our net
revenues in each fiscal quarter results from orders booked in that quarter. Orders placed by major
customers are typically based on their forecasted sales and inventory levels for our products.

     Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may also be the result of:

•

the timing, size and mix of orders from customers;

•

gain or loss of significant customers;

•

customer policies pertaining to desired inventory levels of our products;

•

negotiated rebates and extended payment terms;

•

changes in our ability to anticipate in advance the mix of customer orders;

•

levels of inventory our customers require us to maintain in our inventory hub locations;

•

the availability and sale of new products;

7

Table of Contents

•

shifts or changes in technology;

•

changes in the mix or average selling prices of our products;

•

variations in manufacturing capacities, efficiencies and costs;

•

the availability and cost of components, including silicon chips;

•

variations in product development costs, especially related to advanced technologies;

•

variations in operating expenses;

•

changes in effective income tax rates, including those resulting from changes in tax laws;

•

our ability to timely produce products that comply with new environmental restrictions or
related requirements of our OEM customers;

•

actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions and
estimates used in determining the value of certain assets (including the amounts of related
valuation allowances), liabilities and other items reflected in our consolidated financial
statements;

•

the timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals;

•

gains or losses related to our investment securities;

•

changes in accounting rules;

•

changes in our accounting policies;

•

general economic and other conditions affecting the timing of customer orders and capital
spending; or

•

changes in the global economy that impact IT spending.

     In addition, our quarterly results of operations are influenced by competitive factors,
including the pricing and availability of our products and our competitors’ products. Furthermore,
communications regarding new products and technologies could cause our customers to defer or cancel
purchases of our products. Order deferrals by our customers, delays in our introduction of new
products, and longer than anticipated design-in cycles for our products have in the past adversely
affected our quarterly results of operations. Due to these factors, as well as other unanticipated
factors, it is likely that in some future quarter or quarters our operating results will be below
the expectations of public market analysts or investors, and as a result, the price of our common
stock could significantly decrease.

We expect gross margin to vary over time, and our recent level of gross margin may not be
sustainable.

     Our recent level of gross margin may not be sustainable and may be adversely affected by
numerous factors, including:

•

changes in product mix;

•

increased price competition;

•

introduction of new products by us or our competitors, including products with advantages
in price, performance or features;

•

our inability to reduce manufacturing-related or component costs;

•

entry into new markets or the acquisition of new businesses;

•

amortization and impairments of purchased intangible assets;

•

sales discounts;

8

Table of Contents

•

increases in material, labor or overhead costs;

•

excess inventory and inventory holding charges;

•

changes in distribution channels;

•

increased warranty costs; and

•

how well we execute our business strategy and operating plans.

Our stock price may be volatile.

     The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially, and there can be no
assurance that such volatility will not continue. Several factors could impact our stock price
including, but not limited to:

•

differences between our actual revenues and operating results and the published
expectations of analysts;

•

quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results;

•

introduction of new products or changes in product pricing policies by our competitors or
us;

•

conditions in the markets in which we operate;

•

changes in market projections by industry forecasters;

•

changes in estimates of our earnings by industry analysts;

•

operating results or forecasts of our major customers or competitors;

•

overall market conditions for high technology equities;

•

rumors or dissemination of false information; and

•

general economic and geopolitical conditions.

     In addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume volatility in recent
years and stock prices of technology companies have been especially volatile. This volatility has
had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons
frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market
fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Our business is dependent, in large part, on the continued growth of the networking markets that we
serve and if these markets do not continue to develop, our business will suffer.

     A significant number of our products are used in storage area networks, or SANs, and server
networks. Therefore, our business is dependent on the SAN and server infrastructure markets. Our
success in generating revenue in these markets will depend on, among other things, our ability to:

•

educate potential OEM customers, distributors, resellers, system integrators, storage system
providers and end-user organizations about the benefits of our products;

•

maintain and enhance our relationships with OEM customers, distributors, resellers, system
integrators and storage system providers;

•

predict and base our products on standards which ultimately become industry standards; and

•

achieve interoperability between our products and other components from diverse vendors.

9

Table of Contents

Our business could be adversely affected by the broad adoption of server virtualization technology.

     Server virtualization technologies, which allow a single server to handle the function that
was previously performed by many individual servers, are gaining momentum in the industry. The
broad implementation of server virtualization could result in a decrease in the demand for servers,
which could result in a lower demand for our products. This could have a material adverse effect
on our business or results of operations.

Our business could be adversely affected by a significant increase in the market acceptance of
blade servers.

     Blade server products have gained acceptance in the market over the past few years. Blade
servers use custom SAN infrastructure products, including blade switches and mezzanine cards, which
have lower average selling prices than the SAN infrastructure products used in a non-blade server
environment. If blade servers gain an increased percentage of the overall server market, our
business could be adversely affected by the transition to blade server products. This could have a
material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Our financial condition will be materially harmed if we do not maintain and gain market acceptance
of our products.

     The markets in which we compete involve rapidly changing technology, evolving industry
standards and continuing improvements in products and services. Our future success depends, in
part, on our ability to:

•

enhance our current products and develop and introduce in a timely manner new products that
keep pace with technological developments and industry standards;

•

compete effectively on the basis of price and performance; and

•

adequately address OEM and end-user customer requirements and achieve market acceptance.

     We believe that to remain competitive, we will need to continue to develop new products, which
will require a significant investment in new product development. Our competitors may be developing
alternative technologies, which may adversely affect the market acceptance of our products.
Although we continue to explore and develop products based on new technologies, a substantial
portion of our revenues is generated today from Fibre Channel technology. If alternative
technologies are adopted by the industry, we may not be able to develop products for new
technologies in a timely manner. Further, even if alternative technologies do augment Fibre Channel
revenues, our products may not be fully developed in time to be accepted by our customers. Even if
our new products are developed on time, we may not be able to manufacture them at competitive
prices or in sufficient volumes.

     We recently began shipping products based on the Fibre Channel over Ethernet, or FCoE,
protocol. FCoE is a developing converged networking technology that provides a unified storage and
data network over enhanced Ethernet, while preserving the investment in existing Fibre Channel
infrastructure and storage. As with most emerging technologies, it is expected that the market for
FCoE will take a number of years to develop and mature. We expect products based on the FCoE
protocol to supplement, and perhaps replace, certain products based on the Fibre Channel protocol.
As a result, an inability to maintain our market share in the Fibre Channel market and build upon
our market share in the FCoE market could have a material adverse effect on our business or results
of operations.

We depend on a small number of customers, and any decrease in revenues or cash flows from any one
of our major customers could adversely affect our results of operations and cause our stock price
to decline.

     A small number of customers account for a substantial portion of our net revenues, and we
expect that a small number of customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of our net
revenues in the foreseeable future. Our top ten customers accounted for 84%, 85% and 80% of net
revenues for fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We are also subject to credit risk
associated with the concentration of our accounts receivable. In addition, the worldwide economic
slowdown and tightening of credit in financial markets may impact the businesses of our customers,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations.

     Our customers generally order products through written purchase orders as opposed to long-term
supply contracts and, therefore, are generally not obligated to purchase products from us for any
extended period. Major customers also have significant leverage over us and may attempt to change
the terms, including pricing and payment terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. This risk is increased due to the potential
for some of these customers to merge

10

Table of Contents

with or acquire one or more of our other customers. As our OEM customers are pressured to
reduce prices as a result of competitive factors, we may be required to contractually commit to
price reductions for our products before we know how, or if, cost reductions can be obtained. If we
are unable to achieve such cost reductions, our gross margins could decline and such decline could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our business may be subject to seasonal fluctuations and uneven sales patterns in the future.

     A large percentage of our products are sold to customers who experience seasonality and uneven
sales patterns in their businesses. As a result, we may experience similar seasonality and uneven
sales patterns. We believe this uneven sales pattern is a result of many factors including:

•

the tendency of our customers to close a disproportionate percentage of their sales
transactions in the last month, weeks and days of each quarter;

•

spikes in sales during the fourth quarter of each calendar year that some of our customers
experience; and

•

differences between our quarterly fiscal periods and the fiscal periods of our customers.

     In addition, as our customers increasingly require us to maintain products at hub locations
near their facilities, it becomes increasingly difficult for us to predict sales trends. Our uneven
sales pattern also makes it extremely difficult to predict the demand of our customers and adjust
manufacturing capacity accordingly. If we predict demand that is substantially greater than actual
customer orders, we will have excess inventory. Alternatively, if customer orders substantially
exceed predicted demand, the ability to assemble, test and ship orders received in the last weeks
and days of each quarter may be limited, or at an increased cost, which could have a material
adverse effect on quarterly revenues and earnings.

Competition within the markets for our products is intense and includes various established
competitors.

     The markets for our products are highly competitive and are characterized by short product
life cycles, price erosion, rapidly changing technology, frequent product improvements and evolving
industry standards. In the traditional Fibre Channel adapter market, we compete primarily with
Emulex Corporation, followed by Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. In the iSCSI adapter market,
we compete primarily with Broadcom Corporation and we also compete with companies offering software
initiator solutions. In the FCoE adapter market, we compete with traditional Fibre Channel players
like Emulex Corporation and Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. as well as established Ethernet
adapter suppliers such as Broadcom Corporation and Intel Corporation. In the Fibre Channel switch
and storage router markets, we compete primarily with Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and
Cisco Systems, Inc. Our competition in the Fibre Channel switch market includes well-established
participants who have significantly more sales and marketing resources to develop and penetrate
this market. In the InfiniBand adapter and switch markets, we compete primarily with Voltaire Ltd.
and Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. We may also compete with some of our server and storage systems
customers, some of which have the capability to develop products comparable to those we offer.

     We need to continue to develop products appropriate to our markets to remain competitive as
our competitors continue to introduce products with improved features. While we continue to devote
significant resources to engineering and development, these efforts may not be successful or
competitive products may not be developed and introduced in a timely manner. In addition, while
relatively few competitors offer a full range of storage and server networking infrastructure
products, additional domestic and foreign manufacturers may increase their presence in these
markets. We may not be able to compete successfully against these or other competitors. If we are
unable to design, develop or introduce competitive new products on a timely basis, our future
operating results may be materially and adversely affected.

We expect the pricing of our products to continue to decline, which could reduce our revenues,
gross margins and profitability.

     We expect the average unit prices of our products (on a like-for-like product comparison
basis) to decline in the future as a result of competitive pricing pressures, increased sales
discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or other factors. In addition, there
is a general market trend of customers migrating away from the distribution channel for product
purchases to OEMs, where products have a lower average unit price. If we are unable to offset these
factors by increasing sales volumes, or reducing product manufacturing costs, our total revenues
and gross margins may decline. In addition, we must develop and introduce new products and product
enhancements. Moreover, most of our expenses are fixed in the short-term or incurred in advance of
receipt of corresponding revenues. As a result, we may not be able to decrease our spending to
offset any unexpected shortfall in revenues. If

11

Table of Contents

this occurs, our operating results and gross margins may be below our expectations and the
expectations of investors and public market analysts, and our stock price could be negatively
affected.

Our distributors may not adequately stock and sell our products and their reseller customers may
purchase products from our competitors, which could negatively affect our results of operations.

     Our distributors generally offer a diverse array of products from several different
manufacturers and suppliers. Accordingly, we are at risk that these distributors may give higher
priority to stocking and selling products from other suppliers, thus reducing their efforts and
ability to sell our products. A reduction in sales efforts by our current distributors could
materially and adversely impact our business or results of operations. In addition, if we decrease
our distributor-incentive programs (i.e., competitive pricing and rebates), our distributors may
decrease the amount of product purchased from us. This could result in a change of business
behavior, and distributors may decide to decrease the amount of product held and reduce their
inventory levels, which could impact availability of our products to their customers.

     As a result of these factors regarding our distributors or other unrelated factors, the
reseller customers of our distributors could decide to purchase products developed and manufactured
by our competitors. Any loss of demand for our products by value-added resellers and system
integrators could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for certain key components.

     We purchase certain key components used in the manufacture of our products from single or
limited sources. We purchase application-specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, from single
sources and we purchase microprocessors, certain connectors, logic chips, power supplies and
programmable logic devices from limited sources. If one of these suppliers experiences an
interruption in its ability to supply our needs, or chooses to sever their relationship with us, we
may be unable to produce certain of our products, which could result in the loss of customers and
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The worldwide economic slowdown and
tightening of credit in financial markets may adversely impact our suppliers by limiting their
ability to finance their business operations and as a result limit their ability to supply products
to us.

We are dependent on worldwide third-party subcontractors and contract manufacturers.

     Third-party subcontractors located outside the United States assemble and test certain
products for us. To the extent that we rely upon third-party subcontractors to perform these
functions, we will not be able to directly control product delivery schedules and quality
assurance. This lack of control may result in product shortages or quality assurance problems that
could delay shipments of products or increase manufacturing, assembly, testing or other costs. If
any of these subcontractors experience capacity constraints or financial difficulties, suffer
damage to their facilities, experience power outages or any other disruption of assembly or testing
capacity, we may not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services in a timely
manner.

     In addition, the loss of any of our major third-party contract manufacturers could
significantly impact our ability to produce products for an indefinite period of time. Qualifying a
new contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is a lengthy and expensive process. Some
customers will not purchase any products, other than a limited number of evaluation units, until
they qualify the manufacturing line for the product, and we may not always be able to satisfy the
qualification requirements of these customers. If we are required to change a contract manufacturer
or if a contract manufacturer experiences delays, disruptions, capacity constraints, component
parts shortages or quality control problems in its manufacturing operations, shipment of our
products to our customers could be delayed, resulting in loss or postponement of revenues and
potential harm to our competitive position and relationship with customers. In addition, the
current global economic downturn and tightening of credit markets could adversely affect our
third-party subcontractors or contract manufacturers and increase the potential for one or more of
them to experience financial distress or bankruptcy.

Our investment securities portfolio could experience a decline in market value which could
materially and adversely affect our financial results.

     As of March 29, 2009, we held short-term and long-term investment securities aggregating
$174.5 million. We invest primarily in debt securities, the majority of which are high investment
grade, and we limit the exposure to credit risk through diversification and investment in
highly-rated securities. However, investing in highly-rated securities does not entirely mitigate
the risk of potential declines in market value. During fiscal 2009, we recorded impairment charges
related to investment securities, including securities issued by companies in the financial
services sector that had previously been rated AA or higher. A further deterioration in the
economy, including further tightening of credit markets or significant volatility in interest
rates, could cause additional declines in

12

Table of Contents

value of our investment securities or could impact the liquidity of the portfolio. If market
conditions deteriorate significantly, our results of operations or financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected.

     Our investment securities include $25.7 million of investments in auction rate debt and
preferred securities (ARS), the majority of which are rated AA or higher. During late fiscal 2008,
the market auctions of many ARS began to fail, including auctions for our ARS. The underlying
assets for auction rate debt securities in our portfolio are student loans, substantially all of
which are backed by the federal government under the Federal Family Education Loan Program. The
underlying assets of our auction rate preferred securities are the respective funds’ investment
portfolios.

     In November 2008, we entered into an agreement with the broker for substantially all of the
ARS we currently hold, which provides us with certain rights (ARS Rights), in exchange for the
release of potential claims and damages against the broker. The ARS Rights entitle us to sell the
related ARS back to the broker for a price equal to the liquidation preference of the ARS plus
accrued but unpaid dividends or interest, if any, which price is referred to as “par.” The ARS
Rights may be exercised by us at any time between June 30, 2010 and July 2, 2012, if the securities
are not earlier redeemed or sold. Under the ARS Rights, the broker may, at its discretion,
purchase the ARS at any time through July 2, 2012 without prior notice to us and must pay us par
value for the ARS within one day of the sale transaction settlement. While we expect to ultimately
recover our investments in the ARS at par, we may be unable to liquidate some or all of our ARS
should we need or desire to access the funds invested in those securities prior to redemption by
the issuer or the exercise of the ARS Rights. There is also a risk that our broker will default on
its obligation to purchase the ARS in the event that we exercise the ARS Rights.

Our products are complex and may contain undetected software or hardware errors that could lead to
an increase in our costs, reduce our net revenues or damage our reputation.

     Our products are complex and may contain undetected software or hardware errors when first
introduced or as newer versions are released. We are also exposed to risks associated with latent
defects in existing products. From time to time, we have found errors in existing, new or enhanced
products. In addition, our products are frequently combined with other products, including
software, from other vendors, and these products often need to interface with existing networks,
each of which have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards and products
from other vendors. As a result, when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of
the problem. The occurrence of hardware or software errors could adversely affect the sales of our
products, cause us to incur significant warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our
engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relations
problems.

The migration of our customers toward new products could adversely affect our results of
operations.

     As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from
older products in order to minimize the effects of product inventories that may become excess and
obsolete, as well as ensure that sufficient supplies of new products can be delivered to meet
customer demand. Our failure to manage the transition to newer products in the future or to develop
and successfully introduce new products and product enhancements could adversely affect our
business or results of operations. When we introduce new products and product enhancements, we face
risks relating to product transitions, including risks relating to forecasting demand. Any such
adverse event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations.

     Historically, the technology industry has developed higher performance ASICs, which create
chip-level solutions that replace selected board-level or box-level solutions at a significantly
lower average selling price. We have previously offered ASICs to customers for certain applications
that have effectively resulted in a lower-priced solution when compared to an adapter solution.
This transition to ASICs may also occur with respect to other current and future products. The
result of this transition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. In the future, a similar adverse effect to our business could occur if there
were rapid shifts in customer purchases from our midrange server and storage solutions to products
for the small and medium-sized business market or if our customers shifted to lower-cost products
that could replace our adapter solutions.

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our
income tax returns could adversely affect our results of operations.

     We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our
effective income tax rates have recently been and could in the future be adversely affected by
changes in tax laws or interpretations of those tax laws, by changes in the mix of earnings in
countries with differing statutory tax rates, by discovery of new information in the course of our
tax return preparation process, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities. Our effective income tax rates are also affected by intercompany transactions for
licenses, services, funding and other items. Given the increased global scope of our operations,
and the

13

Table of Contents

complexity of global tax and transfer pricing rules and regulations, it has become
increasingly difficult to estimate earnings within each tax jurisdiction. If actual earnings
within a tax jurisdiction differ materially from our estimates, we may not achieve our expected
effective tax rate. Additionally, our effective tax rate may be impacted by the tax effects of
acquisitions, newly enacted tax legislation, stock-based compensation and uncertain tax positions.
Finally, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal
Revenue Service and other tax authorities which may result in the assessment of additional income
taxes. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to
determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. However, unanticipated outcomes from
these continuous examinations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations.

Environmental compliance costs could adversely affect our results of operations.

     We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning environmental
protection, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the environment, the
management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, the
content of our products and the recycling, treatment and disposal of our products. In particular,
we face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new
and future requirements relating to the chemical and material composition of our products, their
safe use, the energy consumption associated with those products and product take-back legislation
(i.e., legislation that makes producers of electrical goods financially responsible for specified
collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future covered products). We could incur
substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions, and we
could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if
our products become non-compliant with environmental laws. Our potential exposure includes fines
and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, and clean
up costs. Further, liability under some environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be
imposed retroactively, on a joint and several basis, and without any finding of noncompliance or
fault. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict.

Because we have operations in foreign countries and depend on foreign customers and suppliers, we
are subject to international economic, currency, regulatory, political and other risks that could
harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     International revenues accounted for 52%, 49% and 46% of our net revenues for fiscal year
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We expect that international revenues will continue to account
for a significant percentage of our net revenues for the foreseeable future. In addition, we
maintain operations in foreign countries and a significant portion of our inventory purchases are
from suppliers that are located outside the United States. As a result, we are subject to several
risks, which include:

•

a greater difficulty of administering and managing our business globally;

•

compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting regulatory requirements, such as import
or export requirements, tariffs and other barriers;

•

less effective intellectual property protections;

•

potentially longer accounts receivable collection cycles;

•

currency fluctuations;

•

overlapping or differing tax structures;

•

potential restrictions on transferring funds between countries and difficulties associated
with repatriating cash generated or held outside of the U.S. in a tax-efficient manner;

•

political and economic instability, including terrorism and war; and

•

general trade restrictions.

14

Table of Contents

     Our international sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars and, accordingly, if the relative value
of the U.S. dollar in comparison to the currency of our foreign customers should increase, the
resulting effective price increase of our products to such foreign customers could result in
decreased sales. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

     In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import and export regulations of the
United States government and other countries. Certain government export regulations apply to the
encryption or other features contained in some of our products. Changes in or violations of any
such import or export regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

     Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is
common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us, such as
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure
compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to
which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our
policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We may engage in mergers, acquisitions and strategic investments and these activities may adversely
affect our results of operations and stock price.

     Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to identify and acquire complementary
businesses, technologies or product lines that are compatible with our existing business. Mergers
and acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

•

the failure of markets for the products of acquired companies to develop as expected;

•

uncertainties in identifying and pursuing target companies;

•

difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies and products of the acquired
companies;

•

the existence of unknown defects in acquired companies’ products or assets that may not be
identified due to the inherent limitations involved in the due diligence process of an
acquisition;

•

the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns;

•

risks associated with entering markets or conducting operations with which we have no or
limited direct prior experience;

•

risks associated with assuming the legal obligations of acquired companies;

•

risks related to the effect that acquired companies’ internal control processes might have on
our financial reporting and management’s report on our internal control over financial
reporting;

•

the potential loss of, or impairment of our relationships with, current customers or failure
to retain the acquired companies’ customers;

•

the potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; and

•

the incurrence of significant exit charges if products or technologies acquired in business
combinations are unsuccessful.

     Further, we may never realize the perceived benefits of a business combination. Acquisitions
by us could negatively impact gross margins or dilute stockholders’ investment and cause us to
incur debt, contingent liabilities and amortization/impairment charges related to intangible
assets, all of which could materially and adversely affect our financial position or results of
operations. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods could be negatively impacted by
mergers and acquisitions.

     We have made, and could make in the future, investments in technology companies, including
privately-held companies in a development stage. Many of these private equity investments are
inherently risky because the companies’ businesses may never develop, and we may incur losses
related to these investments. In addition, we may be required to write down the carrying value of
these investments to reflect other-than-temporary declines in their value, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

15

Table of Contents

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to sustain or grow our
business.

     Our future success largely depends on our key engineering, sales, marketing and executive
personnel, including highly skilled semiconductor design personnel and software developers, and in
particular, our Chief Executive Officer, H.K. Desai. If we lose the services of Mr. Desai or other
key personnel or fail to hire personnel for key positions, our business could be adversely
affected. We believe that the market for key personnel in the industries in which we compete is
highly competitive. In particular, periodically we have experienced difficulty in attracting and
retaining qualified engineers and other technical personnel and anticipate that competition for
such personnel will increase in the future. Our recent implementation of various cost saving
measures, as well as past reductions in force, could negatively impact employee morale and
potentially make attracting and retaining qualified employees more difficult in the future. As a
result, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel with the skills and expertise
necessary to develop new products in the future or to manage our business, both in the United
States and abroad.

     We have historically used stock options and other forms of stock-based compensation as key
components of our total employee compensation program in order to align employees’ interests with
the interests of our stockholders, encourage retention of key personnel, and provide competitive
compensation packages. In recent periods, many of our employee stock options were granted with
exercise prices which exceed our current stock price, which reduces their value to employees and
could affect our ability to retain employees. Moreover, applicable stock exchange listing standards
relating to obtaining stockholder approval of equity compensation plans could make it more
difficult or expensive for us to grant stock-based awards to employees in the future, which may
result in changes in our stock-based compensation strategy. These and other developments relating
to the provision of stock-based compensation to employees could make it more difficult to attract,
retain and motivate key personnel.

We may experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry process technologies.

     We expect to continue to transition our semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line
width geometries. This transition requires us to modify the manufacturing processes for our
products and to redesign some products as well as standard cells and other integrated circuit
designs that we may use in multiple products. We periodically evaluate the benefits, on a
product-by-product basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies. Currently, most of
our products include ASICs which are manufactured in 180, 130, 90 and
65 nanometer geometry
processes. In addition, we continually evaluate smaller geometries. In the past, we have
experienced some difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry process technologies or new
manufacturing processes, which resulted in reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product
deliveries and increased expenses. We may face similar difficulties, delays and expenses as we
continue to transition our products to smaller geometry processes.

Our proprietary rights may be inadequately protected and difficult to enforce.

     In some jurisdictions, we have patent protection on certain aspects of our technology.
However, we rely primarily on trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights and contractual provisions to
protect our proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate
to protect our proprietary rights, that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire
equivalent or superior technology, or that we can maintain such technology as trade secrets. There
also can be no assurance that any patents we possess will not be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged. We have taken steps in several jurisdictions to enforce our trademarks against third
parties. No assurances can be given that we will ultimately be successful in protecting our
trademarks. The laws of certain countries in which our products are or may be developed,
manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products and
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or at all. If we
fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be negatively impacted.

Disputes relating to claimed infringement of intellectual property rights may adversely affect our
business.

     We have received notices of claimed infringement of intellectual property rights in the past
and have been involved in intellectual property litigation in the past. There can be no assurance
that third parties will not assert future claims of infringement of intellectual property rights
against us, or against customers who we are contractually obligated to indemnify, with respect to
existing and future products. In addition, individuals and groups are purchasing intellectual
property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract
settlements from companies such as ours. Although patent and intellectual property disputes may be
settled through licensing or similar arrangements, costs associated with these arrangements may be
substantial and the necessary licenses or similar arrangements may not be available to us on
satisfactory terms, or at all. As a result, we could be prevented from manufacturing and selling
some of our products. In addition, if we litigate these kinds of claims, the litigation could be
expensive, time consuming and could divert management’s attention from other matters and there is
no guarantee we would prevail. Our business could suffer regardless of the outcome of the
litigation. Our supply of silicon chips and other components can also be interrupted by
intellectual property infringement claims against our suppliers.

16

Table of Contents

Dependence on third-party technology could adversely affect our business.

     Some of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed
from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various
aspects of these products. There can be no assurance that necessary licenses will be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we may have little or no ability to correct errors in the
technology provided by such third parties, or to continue to develop new generations of such
technology. Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability and willingness to do so. In the
event of a problem with such technology, or in the event that our rights to use such technology
become impaired, we may be unable to ship our products containing such technology, and may be
unable to replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the time frame needed by our
customers. The inability to find suitable alternatives to third-party technology, obtain certain
licenses or obtain such licenses on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding
these matters, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

If we fail to carefully manage the use of “open source” software in our products, we may be
required to license key portions of our products on a royalty-free basis or expose key parts of
source code.

     Certain of our software may be derived from “open source” software that is generally made
available to the public by its authors and/or other third parties. Such open source software is
often made available to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License (GPL) which
impose certain obligations on us in the event we were to distribute derivative works of the open
source software. These obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works
available to the public, and/or license such derivative works under a particular type of license,
rather than the forms of licenses customarily used to protect our intellectual property. In the
event the copyright holder of any open source software were to successfully establish in court that
we had not complied with the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be required to
release the source code of that work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by changes in regulations or standards
regarding energy use of our products.

     We continually seek ways to increase the energy efficiency of our products. Recent analyses
have estimated the amount of global carbon emissions that are due to information technology
products. As a result, governmental and non-governmental organizations have turned their attention
to development of regulations and standards to drive technological improvements and reduce such
amount of carbon emissions. There is a risk that the rush to development of these standards will
not fully address the complexity of the technology developed by the IT industry or will favor
certain technological approaches. Depending on the regulations or standards that are ultimately
adopted, compliance could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Computer viruses and other forms of tampering with our computer systems or servers may disrupt our
operations and adversely affect our results of operations.

     Despite our implementation of network security measures and anti-virus defenses, our servers
are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering
with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Our facilities and the facilities of our suppliers and customers are located in regions that are
subject to natural disasters.

     Our California facilities, including our principal executive offices, our principal design
facilities and our critical business operations, are located near major earthquake faults. We are
not specifically insured for earthquakes or other natural disasters. Any personal injury or damage
to the facilities as a result of such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, we have operations, suppliers
and customers in regions which have historically experienced natural disasters. Any earthquake or
other natural disaster, including a hurricane, tsunami or fire, affecting any of these regions
could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

17

Table of Contents