Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other
documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
of operations to differ materially from the results contemplated
by the forward-looking statements contained in this report.

Our operating results may fluctuate, in future periods, which
could cause our stock price to decline.

We have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods,
fluctuations in sales and operating results from quarter to
quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will
maintain our current gross margins or profitability in the
future. A significant portion of our net revenues in each fiscal
quarter result from orders booked in that quarter. Orders placed
by major customers are typically based on their forecasted sales
and inventory levels for our products. Fluctuations in our
quarterly operating results may be the result of:

• 

 the timing, size and mix of orders from customers;

• 

 gain or loss of significant customers;

• 

 customer policies pertaining to desired inventory levels of our
 products;

• 

 negotiated rebates and extended payment terms;

• 

 changes in our ability to anticipate in advance the mix of
 customer orders;

• 

 levels of inventory our customers require us to maintain in our
 inventory hub locations;

• 

 the time, availability and sale of new products;

• 

 changes in the mix or average selling prices of our products;

• 

 variations in manufacturing capacities, efficiencies and costs;

• 

 the availability and cost of components, including silicon chips;

• 

 warranty expenses;

• 

 variations in product development costs, especially related to
 advanced technologies;

• 

 variations in operating expenses;

• 

 adjustments related to product returns;

• 

 changes in effective income tax rates, including those resulting
 from changes in tax laws;

• 

 our ability to timely produce products that comply with new
 environmental restrictions or related requirements of our OEM
 customers;

7

Table of Contents

• 

 actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing
 from judgments, assumptions and estimates used in determining
 the value of certain assets (including the amounts of related
 valuation allowances), liabilities and other items reflected in
 our consolidated financial statements;

• 

 changes in accounting rules, such as the change requiring the
 recording of compensation expense for employee stock options and
 other stock-based awards commencing in the first quarter of our
 2007 fiscal year;

• 

 changes in our accounting policies;

• 

 increases in energy costs;

• 

 general economic and other conditions affecting the timing of
 customer orders and capital spending; or

• 

 changes in the global economy that impact information technology
 spending.

Our quarterly results of operations are also influenced by
competitive factors, including the pricing and availability of
our products and our competitors’ products. Although we do
not maintain our own silicon chip manufacturing facility,
portions of our expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce in a
short period of time. If net revenues do not meet our
expectations, our fixed expenses could adversely affect our
gross profit and net income until net revenues increase or until
such fixed expenses are reduced to an appropriate level.
Furthermore, announcements regarding new products and
technologies could cause our customers to defer or cancel
purchases of our products. Order deferrals by our customers,
delays in our introduction of new products, and longer than
anticipated design-in cycles for our products have in the past
adversely affected our quarterly results of operations. Due to
these factors, as well as other unanticipated factors, it is
likely that in some future quarter or quarters our operating
results will be below the expectations of public market analysts
or investors, and as a result, the price of our common stock
could significantly decrease.

We expect gross margin to vary over time, and our recent
level of gross margin may not be sustainable.

Our recent level of gross margin may not be sustainable and may
be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:

• 

 increased price competition;

• 

 changes in customer, geographic or product mix;

• 

 introduction of new products, including products with
 price-performance advantages;

• 

 our ability to reduce production costs;

• 

 entry into new markets;

• 

 sales discounts;

• 

 increases in material or labor costs;

• 

 excess inventory and inventory holding charges;

• 

 changes in distribution channels;

• 

 increased warranty costs; and

• 

 how well we execute our business strategy and operating plans.

Our revenues may be affected by changes in IT spending
levels.

In the past, unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions and
reduced global IT spending rates have adversely affected the
markets in which we operate. We are unable to predict changes in
general economic conditions and when global IT spending rates
will be affected. Furthermore, even if IT spending rates
increase, we cannot be certain that the market for SAN and
server interconnect solutions will be positively impacted. If

8

Table of Contents

there are future reductions in either domestic or international
IT spending rates, or if IT spending rates do not increase, our
revenues, operating results and financial condition may be
adversely affected.

Our stock price may be volatile which could affect the value
of your investment.

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated
substantially, and there can be no assurance that such
volatility will not continue. Several factors could impact our
stock price including, but not limited to:

• 

 announcements concerning our competitors, our customers, or us;

• 

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results;

• 

 differences between our actual operating results and the
 published expectations of analysts;

• 

 introduction of new products or changes in product pricing
 policies by our competitors or us;

• 

 conditions in the semiconductor industry;

• 

 changes in market projections by industry forecasters;

• 

 changes in estimates of our earnings by industry analysts;

• 

 overall market conditions for high technology equities;

• 

 rumors or dissemination of false information; and

• 

 general economic and geopolitical conditions.

In addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and
volume volatility in recent years and stock prices of technology
companies have been especially volatile. This volatility has had
a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many
public companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the
operating performance of the specific companies. These broad
market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of
our common stock.

Our business is dependent on the continued growth of the SAN
market and if this market does not continue to develop and
expand as we anticipate, our business will suffer.

A significant number of our products are used in SANs and,
therefore, our business is dependent on the SAN market.
Accordingly, the widespread adoption of SANs for use in
organizations’ computing systems is critical to our future
success. SANs are often implemented in connection with the
deployment of new storage systems and servers. Therefore, our
future success is also substantially dependent on the market for
new storage systems and servers. Our success in generating
revenue in the SAN market will depend on, among other things,
our ability to:

• 

 educate potential OEM customers, distributors, resellers, system
 integrators, storage service providers and end-user
 organizations about the benefits of SANs;

• 

 maintain and enhance our relationships with OEM customers,
 distributors, resellers, system integrators and storage system
 providers;

• 

 predict and base our products on standards which ultimately
 become industry standards; and

• 

 achieve interoperability between our products and other SAN
 components from diverse vendors.

Our financial condition will be materially harmed if we do
not maintain and gain market or industry acceptance of our
products.

The markets in which we compete involve rapidly changing
technology, evolving industry standards and continuing
improvements in products and services. Our future success
depends, in part, on our ability to:

• 

 enhance our current products and develop and introduce in a
 timely manner new products that keep pace with technological
 developments and industry standards;

9

Table of Contents

• 

 compete effectively on the basis of price and
 performance; and

• 

 adequately address OEM customer and end-user customer
 requirements and achieve market acceptance.

We believe that to remain competitive in the future, we will
need to continue to develop new products, which will require a
significant investment in new product development. Our
competitors are developing alternative technologies, such as
iSCSI software initiator, SATA and Serial Attached SCSI, or SAS,
that may compete with the market acceptance of our products.
Although we continue to explore and develop products based on
new technologies, a substantial portion of our revenues is
generated today from Fibre Channel technology. If alternative
technologies are adopted by the industry, we may not be able to
develop products for new technologies in a timely manner.
Further, even if alternative technologies do augment Fibre
Channel revenues, our products may not be fully developed in
time to be accepted by our customers. Even if our new products
are developed on time, we may not be able to manufacture them at
competitive prices or in sufficient volumes.

We depend on a limited number of customers, and any decrease
in revenue or cash flows from any one of our customers could
adversely affect our results of operations and cause our stock
price to decline.

A small number of customers account for a substantial portion of
our net revenues, and we expect that a limited number of
customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of
our net revenues in the foreseeable future. Our top ten
customers accounted for 77% and 78% of net revenues for fiscal
years 2006 and 2005, respectively. We are also subject to credit
risk associated with the concentration of our accounts
receivable. The loss of any of our major customers could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations.

Additionally, at least one of our major customers is based in
the Pacific Rim region, which is subject to economic and
political uncertainties. Our customers generally order products
through written purchase orders as opposed to long-term supply
contracts and, therefore, such customers are generally not
obligated to purchase products from us for any extended period.
Major customers also have significant leverage over us and may
attempt to change the terms, including pricing and payment
terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. This
risk is increased due to the potential for some of these
customers to merge with or acquire one or more of our other
customers. As our OEM customers are pressured to reduce prices
as a result of competitive factors, we may be required to
contractually commit to price reductions for our products before
we know how, or if, cost reductions can be obtained. If we are
unable to achieve such cost reductions, our gross margins could
decline and such decline could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our business may be subject to seasonal fluctuations and
uneven sales patterns in the future.

Many of our OEM customers experience seasonality and uneven
sales patterns in their businesses. For example, some of our
customers close a disproportionate percentage of their sales
transactions in the last month, weeks and days of each quarter;
and some customers experience spikes in sales during the fourth
calendar quarter of each year. Since a large percentage of our
products are sold to OEM customers who experience seasonal
fluctuations and uneven sales patterns in their businesses, we
could continue to experience similar seasonality and uneven
sales patterns. In addition, as our customers increasingly
require us to maintain products at hub locations near their
facilities, it becomes easier for our customers to order
products with very short lead times, which makes it increasingly
difficult for us to predict sales trends. In addition, our
quarterly fiscal periods often do not correspond with the fiscal
quarters of our customers, and this may result in uneven sales
patterns between quarters. It is difficult for us to evaluate
the degree to which the seasonality and uneven sales patterns of
our OEM customers may affect our business in the future because
the historical growth of our business may have lessened the
effects of this seasonality and these uneven sales patterns on
our business in the past.

10

Table of Contents

Competition within our product markets is intense and
includes various established competitors.

The markets for our products are highly competitive and are
characterized by short product life cycles, price erosion,
rapidly changing technology, frequent product performance
improvements and evolving industry standards. In the Fibre
Channel HBA market, we compete primarily with Emulex
Corporation. In the iSCSI HBA market, we compete primarily with
Broadcom Corporation. In the switch products sector, we compete
primarily with Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and McDATA
Corporation. In the InfiniBand HCA market, we compete primarily
with Mellanox Technologies Ltd. We may also compete with some of
our computer and storage systems customers, some of which have
the capability to develop integrated circuits for use in their
own products.

We need to continue to develop products appropriate to our
markets to remain competitive as our competitors continue to
introduce products with improved performance characteristics.
While we continue to devote significant resources to research
and development, these efforts may not be successful or
competitive products may not be developed and introduced in a
timely manner. Further, several of our competitors have greater
resources devoted to securing semiconductor foundry capacity
because of long-term agreements regarding supply flow, equity or
financing agreements or direct ownership of a foundry. In
addition, while relatively few competitors offer a full range of
SAN and server interconnect products, additional domestic and
foreign manufacturers may increase their presence in these
markets. We may not be able to compete successfully against
these or other competitors. If we are unable to design, develop
or introduce competitive new products on a timely basis, our
future operating results will be materially and adversely
affected.

We expect the pricing of our products to continue to decline,
which could reduce our revenues, gross margins and
profitability.

We expect the average unit prices of our products (on a product
to product comparison basis) to decline in the future as a
result of competitive pricing pressures, increased sales
discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors,
or other factors. If we are unable to offset these factors by
increasing sales volumes, or reducing product manufacturing
costs, our total revenues and gross margins may decline. In
addition, to maintain our gross margins we must maintain or
increase current shipment volumes, develop and introduce new
products and product enhancements, and we must continue to
reduce the manufacturing cost of our products. Moreover, most of
our expenses are fixed in the short-term or incurred in advance
of receipt of corresponding revenue. As a result, we may not be
able to decrease our spending to offset any unexpected shortfall
in revenues. If this occurs, our operating results and gross
margins may be below our expectations and the expectations of
investors and stock market analysts, and our stock price could
be negatively affected.

Our distributors may not adequately distribute our products
and their reseller customers may purchase products from our
competitors, which could negatively affect our operations.

Our distributors generally offer a diverse array of products
from several different manufacturers and suppliers. Accordingly,
we are at risk that these distributors may give higher priority
to selling products from other suppliers, thus reducing their
efforts to sell our products. A reduction in sales efforts by
our current distributors could materially and adversely impact
our business or operating results. In addition, if we decrease
our distributor-incentive programs (i.e., competitive pricing
and rebates), our distributors may temporarily decrease the
amounts of product purchased from us. This could result in a
change of business habits, and distributors may decide to
decrease the amount of product held and reduce their inventory
levels, which could impact availability of our products to their
customers.

As a result of the aforementioned factors regarding our
distributors or other unrelated factors, the reseller customers
of our distributors could decide to purchase products developed
and manufactured by our competitors. Any loss of demand for our
products by value-added resellers and system integrators could
have a material adverse effect on our business or operating
results.

11

Table of Contents

We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers
for certain key components.

We purchase certain key components used in the manufacture of
our products from single or limited sources. We purchase
application specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, from a
single source, and we purchase microprocessors, certain
connectors, logic chips, power supplies and programmable logic
devices from limited sources.

We use forecasts based on anticipated product orders to
determine our component requirements. If we overestimate
component requirements, we may have excess inventory, which
would increase our costs. If we underestimate component
requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could
interrupt the manufacturing process and result in lost or
deferred revenue. In addition, lead times for components vary
significantly and depend on factors such as the specific
supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given
time. We also may experience shortages of certain components
from time to time, which could also delay the manufacturing
processes.

We depend on our relationships with silicon chip suppliers
and other subcontractors, and a loss of any of these
relationships may lead to unpredictable consequences that may
harm our results of operations if alternative supply sources are
not available.

We currently rely on multiple foundries to manufacture our
semiconductor products either in finished form or wafer form. We
generally conduct business with these foundries through written
purchase orders as opposed to long-term supply contracts.
Therefore, these foundries are generally not obligated to supply
products to us for any specific period, in any specific quantity
or at any specific price, except as may be provided in a
particular purchase order. If a foundry terminates its
relationship with us or if our supply from a foundry is
otherwise interrupted, we may not have a sufficient amount of
time to replace the supply of products manufactured by that
foundry. As a result, we may not be able to meet customer
demands, which would harm our business.

Historically, there have been periods when there has been a
worldwide shortage of advanced process technology foundry
capacity. The manufacture of semiconductor devices is subject to
a wide variety of factors, including the availability of raw
materials, the level of contaminants in the manufacturing
environment, impurities in the materials used and the
performance of personnel and equipment. We are continuously
evaluating potential new sources of supply. However, the
qualification process and the production
ramp-up for additional
foundries have in the past taken, and could in the future take,
longer than anticipated. New supply sources may not be able or
willing to satisfy our silicon chip requirements on a timely
basis or at acceptable quality or unit prices.

We have not developed alternate sources of supply for some of
our products. For example, our integrated single chip Fibre
Channel controller is manufactured by LSI Logic and integrates
LSI Logic’s transceiver technology. In the event that LSI
Logic is unable or unwilling to satisfy our requirements for
this technology, our marketing efforts related to Fibre Channel
products would be delayed and, as such, our results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected. The
requirement that a customer perform additional product
qualifications, or a customer’s inability to obtain a
sufficient supply of products from us, may cause that customer
to satisfy its product requirements from our competitors.
Constraints or delays in the supply of our products, due to
capacity constraints, unexpected disruptions at foundries or
with our subcontractors, delays in obtaining additional
production at the existing foundries or in obtaining production
from new foundries, shortages of raw materials or other reasons,
could result in the loss of customers and have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our products are complex and may contain undetected software
or hardware errors that could lead to an increase in our costs,
reduce our net revenues or damage our reputation.

Our products are complex and may contain undetected software or
hardware errors when first introduced or as newer versions are
released. We are also exposed to risks associated with latent
defects in existing products. From time to time, we have found
errors in existing, new or enhanced products. The occurrence of
hardware or software errors could adversely affect the sales of
our products, cause us to incur significant

12

Table of Contents

warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our
engineering personnel from our product development efforts and
cause significant customer relations problems.

The migration of our customers toward new products may result
in fluctuations of our operating results.

As new or enhanced products are introduced, including the
transition from 2Gb to 4Gb Fibre Channel products, we must
successfully manage the transition from older products in order
to minimize the effects of product inventories that may become
excess and obsolete, as well as ensure that sufficient supplies
of new products can be delivered to meet customer demands. Our
failure to manage the transition to newer products in the future
or to develop and successfully introduce new products and
product enhancements could adversely affect our business or
financial results. When we introduce new products and product
enhancements, we face risks relating to product transitions,
including risks relating to forecasting demand, as well as
possible product and software defects. Any such adverse events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

Historically, the electronics industry has developed higher
performance ASICs, which create chip level solutions that
replace selected board level or box level solutions at a
significantly lower average selling price. We have previously
offered ASICs to customers for certain applications that have
effectively resulted in a lower-priced solution when compared to
an HBA solution. This transition to ASICs may also occur with
respect to other current and future products. The result of this
transition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. In the future, a similar
adverse effect to our business could occur if there were rapid
shifts in customer purchases from our midrange server and
storage solutions to products for the small and medium-sized
business market.

If our internal control over financial reporting does not
comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our
business and stock price could be adversely affected.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us
to evaluate periodically the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting, and to include a management
report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls as
of the end of each fiscal year. Section 404 also requires
our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to,
and report on, management’s assessment of our internal
control over financial reporting.

Our management does not expect that our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent all errors or frauds. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system’s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, involving us have been, or will be, detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be
circumvented by individual acts of a person, or by collusion
among two or more people, or by management override of the
controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part
on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and we cannot assure you that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of
compliance with policies and procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to errors or frauds may occur and not be detected.

Our management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our
management has determined that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of April 2, 2006 and
that there was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting during our quarter ended April 2, 2006 that
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However,
we cannot assure you that we or our independent registered
public accounting firm will not identify a material weakness in
our internal controls in the future. A material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting would require
management and our independent

13

Table of Contents

registered public accounting firm to evaluate our internal
controls as ineffective. If our internal control over financial
reporting is not considered adequate, we may experience a loss
of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our
business and our stock price.

Environmental compliance costs could adversely affect our net
income.

Many of our products are subject to various laws governing
chemical substances in products, including those regulating the
manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and those
restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic
products. We could incur substantial costs, or our products
could be enjoined from entering certain countries, if our
products become non-compliant with environmental laws.

We face increasing complexity in our product design and
procurement operations as we adjust to new and future
requirements relating to the materials composition of our
products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other
substances that will apply to specified electronic products put
on the market in the European Union as of July 1, 2006
(Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive, or RoHS) and
similar legislation currently proposed in China. In addition,
recycling, labeling and related requirements have already begun
to apply to products we sell in Europe. Where necessary, we are
redesigning our products to ensure that they comply with these
requirements as well as related requirements imposed by our OEM
customers. We are also working with our suppliers to provide us
with compliant materials, parts and components. If our products
do not comply with the European substance restrictions, we could
become subject to fines, civil or criminal sanctions, and
contract damage claims. In addition, we could be prohibited from
shipping non-compliant products into the European Union, and
required to recall and replace any products already shipped, if
such products were found to be non-compliant, which would
disrupt our ability to ship products and result in reduced
revenue, increased obsolete or excess inventories and harm to
our business and customer relationships. We also must
successfully manage the transition to RoHS-compliant products in
order to minimize the effects of product inventories that may
become excess or obsolete, as well as ensure that sufficient
supplies of RoHS-compliant products can be delivered to meet
customer demand. Failure to manage this transition may adversely
impact our revenues and operating results. Various other
countries and states in the United States have issued, or are in
the process of issuing, other environmental regulations that may
impose additional restrictions or obligations and require
further changes to our products. These regulations could impose
a significant cost of doing business in those countries and
states.

We could also face significant costs and liabilities in
connection with product take-back legislation. The European
Union has enacted the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment
Directive, which makes producers of electrical goods financially
responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and
disposal of past and future covered products. The deadline for
the individual member states of the European Union to enact the
directive in their respective countries was August 13, 2004
(such legislation, together with the directive, the “WEEE
Legislation”). Producers participating in the market became
financially responsible for implementing these responsibilities
beginning in August 2005. Implementation in certain European
Union member states has been delayed into 2006. Similar
legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions,
including in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China and Japan,
the cumulative impact of which could be significant.

Terrorist activities and resulting military actions could
adversely affect our business.

Terrorist attacks have disrupted commerce throughout the United
States and Europe. The continued threat of terrorism within the
United States, Europe and the Pacific Rim, and the military
action and heightened security measures in response to such
threat, may cause significant disruption to commerce throughout
the world. To the extent that such disruptions result in delays
or cancellations of customer orders, interruptions or delays in
our receipt of products from our suppliers, delays in collecting
cash, a general decrease in corporate spending on information
technology, or our inability to effectively market, manufacture
or ship our products, our business and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. We are unable to
predict whether the threat of terrorism or the responses thereto
will result in any long-term commercial disruptions or if such
activities or responses will have any long-term material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations.

14

Table of Contents

Because we depend on foreign customers and suppliers, we are
subject to international economic, regulatory, political and
other risks that could harm our financial condition and results
of operations.

International revenues accounted for 45% of our net revenues for
fiscal 2006. We expect that international revenues will continue
to account for a significant percentage of our net revenues for
the foreseeable future. In addition, a significant portion of
our inventory purchases are from suppliers that are located in
Pacific Rim countries. As a result, we are subject to several
risks, which include:

• 

 a greater difficulty of administering and managing our business
 globally;

• 

 compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting regulatory
 requirements, such as export requirements, tariffs and other
 barriers;

• 

 differences in intellectual property protections;

• 

 potentially longer accounts receivable cycles;

• 

 currency fluctuations;

• 

 export control restrictions;

• 

 overlapping or differing tax structures;

• 

 political and economic instability; and

• 

 general trade restrictions.

Our international sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars and,
accordingly, if the relative value of the U.S. dollar in
comparison to the currency of our foreign customers should
increase, the resulting effective price increase of our products
to such foreign customers could result in decreased sales. There
can be no assurance that any of the foregoing factors will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with
developing economies, it is common to engage in business
practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us,
such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those
companies to which we outsource certain of our business
operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

We may engage in mergers, acquisitions and strategic
investments and these activities may adversely affect our
results of operations and stock price.

Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to identify
and acquire complementary businesses, technologies or product
lines that are compatible with ours. Mergers and acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including:

• 

 uncertainties in identifying and pursuing target companies;

• 

 difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies
 and products of the acquired companies;

• 

 the existence of unknown defects in acquired companies’
 products or assets that may not be identified due to the
 inherent limitations involved in the due diligence process of an
 acquisition;

• 

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business
 concerns;

• 

 the failure of markets for the products of acquired companies to
 develop as expected;

• 

 risks associated with entering markets or conducting operations
 with which we have no or limited direct prior experience;

• 

 risks associated with assuming the legal obligations of acquired
 companies;

15

Table of Contents

• 

 risks related to the effect that acquired companies’
 internal control processes might have on our financial reporting
 and management’s report on our internal control over
 financial reporting;

• 

 the potential loss of current customers or failure to retain
 acquired companies’ customers;

• 

 the potential loss of key employees of acquired
 companies; and

• 

 the incurrence of significant exit charges if products acquired
 in business combinations are unsuccessful.

Further, we may never realize the perceived benefits of a
business combination. Future acquisitions by us could dilute
stockholders’ investment and cause us to incur debt,
contingent liabilities and amortization/impairment charges
related to intangible assets, all of which could materially and
adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.

We have made, and could make in the future, investments in
technology companies, including privately held companies in a
development stage. Many of these private equity investments are
inherently risky because the companies’ businesses may
never develop, and we may incur losses related to these
investments. In addition, we may be required to write down the
carrying value of these investments to reflect other than
temporary declines in their value, which could have a materially
adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operations.

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may
not be able to sustain or grow our business.

Our future success largely depends on our key engineering,
sales, marketing and executive personnel, including highly
skilled semiconductor design personnel and software developers.
If we lose the services of key personnel or fail to hire
personnel for key positions, our business would be adversely
affected. We believe that the market for key personnel in the
industries in which we compete is highly competitive. In
particular, periodically we have experienced difficulty in
attracting and retaining qualified engineers and other technical
personnel and anticipate that competition for such personnel
will increase in the future. We may not be able to attract and
retain key personnel with the skills and expertise necessary to
develop new products in the future or to manage our business,
both in the United States and abroad.

Beginning with fiscal 2007, we are required to recognize
compensation expense related to employee stock options and our
employee stock purchase plan. There is no assurance that the
expense that we are required to recognize measures accurately
the value of our share-based payment awards, and the recognition
of this expense could cause the trading price of our common
stock to decline.

Effective as of the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal
2007, we are required to adopt Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 123R, “Share-Based
Payment,” which requires the measurement and recognition of
compensation expense for all stock-based compensation based on
estimated fair values. As a result, starting with fiscal 2007,
our operating results will contain a charge for stock-based
compensation expense related to employee stock options and our
employee stock purchase plan. This charge is in addition to
stock-based compensation expense we have recognized in prior
periods related to acquisitions and investments. The application
of SFAS No. 123R generally requires the use of an
option-pricing model to determine the fair value of share-based
payment awards. This determination of fair value is affected by
our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of
highly complex and subjective variables. These variables
include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price
volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected
employee stock option exercise behaviors. Option-pricing models
were developed for use in estimating the value of traded options
that have no vesting or hedging restrictions and are fully
transferable. Because our employee stock options have certain
characteristics that are significantly different from traded
options, and because changes in the subjective assumptions can
materially affect the estimated value, in management’s
opinion the existing valuation models may not provide an
accurate measure of the fair value of our employee stock
options. Although the fair value of employee stock options is
determined in accordance with SFAS No. 123R and Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 107 using an option-pricing
model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value
observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction.

16

Table of Contents

As a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 123R,
beginning with fiscal 2007, our earnings will be lower than they
would have been had we not been required to adopt
SFAS No. 123R. This will continue to be the case for
future periods. We cannot predict the effect that this adverse
impact on our reported operating results will have on the
trading price of our common stock.

Decreased effectiveness of equity compensation could
adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees.

We have historically used stock options and other forms of
equity-related compensation as key components of our total
rewards employee compensation program in order to align
employees’ interests with the interests of our
stockholders, encourage employee retention, and provide
competitive compensation packages. In recent periods, many of
our employee stock options have had exercise prices in excess of
our stock price, which reduces their value to employees and
could affect our ability to retain or attract present and
prospective employees. As a result of our adoption of
SFAS No. 123R in the first quarter of fiscal 2007, the
use of stock options and other stock-based awards to attract and
retain employees may be limited. Moreover, applicable stock
exchange listing standards relating to obtaining stockholder
approval of equity compensation plans could make it more
difficult or expensive for us to grant stock-based awards to
employees in the future, which may result in changes in our
equity compensation strategy. These and other developments
relating to the provision of equity compensation to employees
could make it more difficult to attract, retain and motivate
employees.

We may experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller
geometry process technologies.

We expect to continue to transition our semiconductor products
to increasingly smaller line width geometries. This transition
requires us to modify the manufacturing processes for our
products and to redesign some products as well as standard cells
and other integrated circuit designs that we may use in multiple
products. We periodically evaluate the benefits, on a product by
product basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process
technologies. Currently, most of our products are manufactured
in 0.25, 0.18 and 0.13 micron geometry processes. In
addition, we have begun to migrate some of our products to 90
nanometer (.09 micron) process technology. In the past, we
have experienced some difficulties in shifting to smaller
geometry process technologies or new manufacturing processes,
which resulted in reduced manufacturing yields, delays in
product deliveries and increased expenses. We may face similar
difficulties, delays and expenses as we continue to transition
our products to smaller geometry processes.

Our proprietary rights may be inadequately protected and
difficult to enforce.

Although we have patent protection on certain aspects of our
technology in some jurisdictions, we rely primarily on trade
secrets, copyrights and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these
protections will be adequate to protect our proprietary rights,
that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire
equivalent or superior technology or that we can maintain such
technology as trade secrets. There also can be no assurance that
any patents we possess will not be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged. In addition, the laws of certain countries in which
our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold,
including various countries in Asia, may not protect our
products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as
the laws of the United States or at all. If we fail to protect
our intellectual property rights, our business would be
negatively impacted.

Disputes relating to claimed infringement of intellectual
property rights may adversely affect our business.

We have received notices of claimed infringement of intellectual
property rights in the past and have been involved in
intellectual property litigation in the past. There can be no
assurance that third parties will not assert future claims of
infringement of intellectual property rights against us with
respect to existing and future products. In addition,
individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual
property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of
infringement and attempting to extract settlements from
companies such as us. Although patent and intellectual property
disputes may be settled through licensing or similar
arrangements,

17

Table of Contents

costs associated with these arrangements may be substantial and
the necessary licenses or similar arrangements may not be
available to us on satisfactory terms or at all. As a result, we
could be prevented from manufacturing and selling some of our
products. In addition, if we litigate these kinds of claims, the
litigation could be expensive and time consuming and could
divert management’s attention from other matters. Our
business could suffer regardless of the outcome of the
litigation. Our supply of silicon chips and other components can
also be interrupted by intellectual property infringement claims
against our suppliers.

Unavailability of third-party licenses could adversely affect
our business.

Many of our products are designed to include software or other
intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be
necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to
various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance
that necessary licenses will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or to obtain
such licenses on favorable terms, or the need to engage in
litigation regarding these matters, could have a material
adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition.

If we fail to carefully manage the use of “open
source” software in our products, we may be required to
license key portions of our products on a royalty free basis or
expose key parts of source code.

Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
be derived from so-called “open source” software that
is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or
other third parties. Such open source software is often made
available to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public
License, or GPL, which impose certain obligations on us in the
event we were to distribute derivative works of the open source
software. These obligations may require us to make source code
for the derivative works available to the public, and/or license
such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather
than the forms of licenses customarily used to protect our
intellectual property. In the event the copyright holder of any
open source software were to successfully establish in court
that we had not complied with the terms of a license for a
particular work, we could be required to release the source code
of that work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work.

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or adverse
outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns
could adversely affect our net income.

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various
foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates have recently
been and could in the future be adversely affected by changes in
tax laws or interpretations thereof, by changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, by
discovery of new information in the course of our tax return
preparation process, or by changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our effective tax rates are
also affected by intercompany transactions for licenses,
services, funding and other items. Additionally, we are subject
to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the
Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities which may
result in the assessment of additional taxes. We regularly
assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these
examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for
income taxes. However, there can be no assurance that the
outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
operations.

In July 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued an Exposure Draft of a proposed
Interpretation “Accounting for Uncertain Tax
Positions — an interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 109.” The proposed Interpretation proposes changes
to the current accounting for uncertain tax positions. While we
cannot predict with certainty the rules in the final
Interpretation, there is risk that the final Interpretation
could result in a cumulative effect charge to earnings upon
adoption, increases in future effective tax rates or increases
in future interperiod effective tax rate volatility.

18

Table of Contents

Computer viruses and other forms of tampering with our
computer systems or servers may disrupt our operations and
adversely affect net income.

Despite our implementation of network security measures, our
servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and
similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our
computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and stockholder
rights plan may discourage companies from acquiring us and
offering our stockholders a premium for their stock.

Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, our board of
directors is authorized to approve the issuance of shares of
currently undesignated preferred stock without any vote or
future action by the stockholders. Pursuant to this authority,
in June 1996, our board of directors adopted a stockholder
rights plan and declared a dividend of a right to purchase
preferred stock for each outstanding share of our common stock.
After adjustment for stock splits, our common stock now carries
one-sixteenth of a preferred stock purchase right per share. The
stockholder rights plan may have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of our stock. This
may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over the
market price of the common stock and may adversely affect the
market price of the common stock. The stockholder rights plan
expires on June 4, 2006.

Our facilities and the facilities of our suppliers and
customers are located in regions that are subject to natural
disasters.

Our California facilities, including our principal executive
offices, our principal design facilities and our critical
business operations are located near major earthquake faults. We
are not specifically insured for earthquakes, or other natural
disasters. Any personal injury or damage to the facilities as a
result of such occurrences could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Additionally, some of our products are manufactured or sold in
regions which have historically experienced natural disasters.
Any earthquake or other natural disaster, including a hurricane
or tsunami, affecting a country in which our products are
manufactured or sold could adversely affect our results of
operations.