Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other
 documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
 of operations to differ materially from the results contemplated
 by the forward-looking statements contained in this report or
 otherwise publicly disclosed by the Company.

 Our
 operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which could
 cause our stock price to decline.

 We have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods,
 fluctuations in sales and operating results from quarter to
 quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will
 maintain our current gross margins or profitability in the
 future. A significant portion of our net revenues in each fiscal
 quarter results from orders booked in that quarter. Orders
 placed by major customers are typically based on their
 forecasted sales and inventory levels for our products.
 Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may be the
 result of:

 • 

 the timing, size and mix of orders from customers;

 • 

 gain or loss of significant customers;

 5

Table of Contents

 • 

 customer policies pertaining to desired inventory levels of our
 products;

 • 

 negotiated rebates and extended payment terms;

 • 

 changes in our ability to anticipate in advance the mix of
 customer orders;

 • 

 levels of inventory our customers require us to maintain in our
 inventory hub locations;

 • 

 the time, availability and sale of new products;

 • 

 shifts or changes in technology;

 • 

 changes in the mix or average selling prices of our products;

 • 

 variations in manufacturing capacities, efficiencies and costs;

 • 

 the availability and cost of components, including silicon chips;

 • 

 variations in product development costs, especially related to
 advanced technologies;

 • 

 variations in operating expenses;

 • 

 changes in effective income tax rates, including those resulting
 from changes in tax laws;

 • 

 our ability to timely produce products that comply with new
 environmental restrictions or related requirements of our OEM
 customers;

 • 

 actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing
 from judgments, assumptions and estimates used in determining
 the value of certain assets (including the amounts of related
 valuation allowances), liabilities and other items reflected in
 our consolidated financial statements;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules;

 • 

 changes in our accounting policies;

 • 

 general economic and other conditions affecting the timing of
 customer orders and capital spending; or

 • 

 changes in the global economy that impact information
 technology, or IT, spending.

 Our quarterly results of operations are also influenced by
 competitive factors, including the pricing and availability of
 our products and our competitors’ products. Portions of our
 expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce in a short period of
 time. If net revenues do not meet our expectations, our fixed
 expenses could adversely affect our gross profit and net income
 until net revenues increase or until such fixed expenses are
 reduced to an appropriate level. Furthermore, announcements
 regarding new products and technologies could cause our
 customers to defer or cancel purchases of our products. Order
 deferrals by our customers, delays in our introduction of new
 products, and longer than anticipated design-in cycles for our
 products have in the past adversely affected our quarterly
 results of operations. Due to these factors, as well as other
 unanticipated factors, it is likely that in some future quarter
 or quarters our operating results will be below the expectations
 of public market analysts or investors, and as a result, the
 price of our common stock could significantly decrease.

 We expect
 gross margin to vary over time, and our recent level of gross
 margin may not be sustainable.

 Our recent level of gross margin may not be sustainable and may
 be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:

 • 

 changes in product mix;

 • 

 increased price competition;

 • 

 introduction of new products by us or our competitors, including
 products with price-performance advantages;

 • 

 our inability to reduce production or component costs;

 • 

 entry into new markets or the acquisition of new businesses;

 6

Table of Contents

 • 

 sales discounts;

 • 

 increases in material or labor costs;

 • 

 excess inventory and inventory holding charges;

 • 

 changes in distribution channels;

 • 

 increased warranty costs; and

 • 

 how well we execute our business strategy and operating plans.

 Our
 revenues may be affected by changes in IT spending
 levels.

 In the past, unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions and
 reduced global IT spending rates have adversely affected the
 markets in which we operate. We are unable to predict changes in
 general economic conditions and when global IT spending rates
 will be affected. Furthermore, even if IT spending rates
 increase, we cannot be certain that the market for SAN and
 server fabric infrastructure solutions will be positively
 impacted. If there are future reductions in either domestic or
 international IT spending rates, or if IT spending rates do not
 increase, our revenues, operating results and financial
 condition may be adversely affected.

 Our stock
 price may be volatile.

 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated
 substantially, and there can be no assurance that such
 volatility will not continue. Several factors could impact our
 stock price including, but not limited to:

 • 

 differences between our actual operating results and the
 published expectations of analysts;

 • 

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 introduction of new products or changes in product pricing
 policies by our competitors or us;

 • 

 conditions in the markets in which we operate;

 • 

 changes in market projections by industry forecasters;

 • 

 changes in estimates of our earnings by industry analysts;

 • 

 overall market conditions for high technology equities;

 • 

 rumors or dissemination of false information; and

 • 

 general economic and geopolitical conditions.

 In addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and
 volume volatility in recent years and stock prices of technology
 companies have been especially volatile. This volatility has had
 a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many
 public companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the
 operating performance of the specific companies. These broad
 market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of
 our common stock.

 Our
 business is dependent on the continued growth of the SAN market
 and if this market does not continue to develop and expand as we
 anticipate, our business will suffer.

 A significant number of our products are used in SANs and,
 therefore, our business is dependent on the SAN market.
 Accordingly, the widespread adoption of SANs for use in
 organizations’ computing systems is critical to our future
 success. SANs are often implemented in connection with the
 deployment of new storage systems and servers. Therefore, our
 future success is also substantially dependent on the market for
 new storage systems and servers. Our success in generating
 revenue in the SAN market will depend on, among other things,
 our ability to:

 • 

 educate potential OEM customers, distributors, resellers, system
 integrators, storage service providers and end-user
 organizations about the benefits of SANs;

 7

Table of Contents

 • 

 maintain and enhance our relationships with OEM customers,
 distributors, resellers, system integrators and storage system
 providers;

 • 

 predict and base our products on standards which ultimately
 become industry standards; and

 • 

 achieve interoperability between our products and other SAN
 components from diverse vendors.

 Our
 financial condition will be materially harmed if we do not
 maintain and gain market or industry acceptance of our
 products.

 The markets in which we compete involve rapidly changing
 technology, evolving industry standards and continuing
 improvements in products and services. Our future success
 depends, in part, on our ability to:

 • 

 enhance our current products and develop and introduce in a
 timely manner new products that keep pace with technological
 developments and industry standards;

 • 

 compete effectively on the basis of price and
 performance; and

 • 

 adequately address OEM and end-user customer requirements and
 achieve market acceptance.

 We believe that to remain competitive, we will need to continue
 to develop new products, which will require a significant
 investment in new product development. Our competitors are
 developing alternative technologies, which may adversely affect
 the market acceptance of our products. Although we continue to
 explore and develop products based on new technologies, a
 substantial portion of our revenues is generated today from
 Fibre Channel technology. If alternative technologies are
 adopted by the industry, we may not be able to develop products
 for new technologies in a timely manner. Further, even if
 alternative technologies do augment Fibre Channel revenues, our
 products may not be fully developed in time to be accepted by
 our customers. Even if our new products are developed on time,
 we may not be able to manufacture them at competitive prices or
 in sufficient volumes.

 We depend
 on a limited number of customers, and any decrease in revenues
 or cash flows from any one of our major customers could
 adversely affect our results of operations and cause our stock
 price to decline.

 A small number of customers account for a substantial portion of
 our net revenues, and we expect that a limited number of
 customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of
 our net revenues in the foreseeable future. Our top ten
 customers accounted for 80% and 77% of net revenues for fiscal
 year 2007 and 2006, respectively. We are also subject to credit
 risk associated with the concentration of our accounts
 receivable. The loss of any of our major customers could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Our customers generally order products through written purchase
 orders as opposed to long-term supply contracts and, therefore,
 such customers are generally not obligated to purchase products
 from us for any extended period. Major customers also have
 significant leverage over us and may attempt to change the
 terms, including pricing and payment terms, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
 results of operations. This risk is increased due to the
 potential for some of these customers to merge with or acquire
 one or more of our other customers. As our OEM customers are
 pressured to reduce prices as a result of competitive factors,
 we may be required to contractually commit to price reductions
 for our products before we know how, or if, cost reductions can
 be obtained. If we are unable to achieve such cost reductions,
 our gross margins could decline and such decline could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Our
 business may be subject to seasonal fluctuations and uneven
 sales patterns in the future.

 A large percentage of our products are sold to customers who
 experience seasonality and uneven sales patterns in their
 businesses. As a result, we could continue to experience similar
 seasonality and uneven sales patterns. We believe this uneven
 sales pattern is a result of many factors including:

 • 

 the tendency of our customers to close a disproportionate
 percentage of their sales transactions in the last month, weeks
 and days of each quarter;

 8

Table of Contents

 • 

 spikes in sales during the fourth quarter of each calendar year
 that some of our customers experience; and

 • 

 differences between our quarterly fiscal periods and the fiscal
 quarters of our customers.

 In addition, as our customers increasingly require us to
 maintain products at hub locations near their facilities, it
 becomes easier for our customers to order products with very
 short lead times, which makes it increasingly difficult for us
 to predict sales trends. Our uneven sales pattern also makes it
 extremely difficult to predict the demand of our customers and
 adjust manufacturing capacity accordingly. If we predict demand
 that is substantially greater than actual customer orders, we
 will have excess inventory. Alternatively, if customer orders
 substantially exceed predicted demand, the ability to assemble,
 test and ship orders received in the last weeks and days of each
 quarter may be limited, which could have a material adverse
 effect on quarterly revenues and earnings.

 Competition
 within our product markets is intense and includes various
 established competitors.

 The markets for our products are highly competitive and are
 characterized by short product life cycles, price erosion,
 rapidly changing technology, frequent product improvements and
 evolving industry standards. In the Fibre Channel HBA market, we
 compete primarily with Emulex Corporation. In the iSCSI HBA
 market, we compete primarily with Broadcom Corporation and we
 also compete with companies offering software initiator
 solutions. In the Fibre Channel switch, storage router and
 storage services platform markets, we compete primarily with
 Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and Cisco Systems, Inc. In
 the InfiniBand HCA and switch markets, we compete primarily with
 Voltaire, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc. and Mellanox Technologies,
 Ltd. We may also compete with some of our computer and storage
 systems customers, some of which have the capability to develop
 products comparable to those we offer.

 We need to continue to develop products appropriate to our
 markets to remain competitive as our competitors continue to
 introduce products with improved features. While we continue to
 devote significant resources to research and development, these
 efforts may not be successful or competitive products may not be
 developed and introduced in a timely manner. In addition, while
 relatively few competitors offer a full range of SAN and server
 fabric infrastructure products, additional domestic and foreign
 manufacturers may increase their presence in these markets. We
 may not be able to compete successfully against these or other
 competitors. If we are unable to design, develop or introduce
 competitive new products on a timely basis, our future operating
 results will be materially and adversely affected.

 We expect
 the pricing of our products to continue to decline, which could
 reduce our revenues, gross margins and profitability.

 We expect the average unit prices of our products (on a product
 to product comparison basis) to decline in the future as a
 result of competitive pricing pressures, increased sales
 discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors,
 or other factors. If we are unable to offset these factors by
 increasing sales volumes, or reducing product manufacturing
 costs, our total revenues and gross margins may decline. In
 addition, we must develop and introduce new products and product
 enhancements. Moreover, most of our expenses are fixed in the
 short-term or incurred in advance of receipt of corresponding
 revenues. As a result, we may not be able to decrease our
 spending to offset any unexpected shortfall in revenues. If this
 occurs, our operating results and gross margins may be below our
 expectations and the expectations of investors and public market
 analysts, and our stock price could be negatively affected.

 Our
 distributors may not adequately distribute our products and
 their reseller customers may purchase products from our
 competitors, which could negatively affect our
 operations.

 Our distributors generally offer a diverse array of products
 from several different manufacturers and suppliers. Accordingly,
 we are at risk that these distributors may give higher priority
 to selling products from other suppliers, thus reducing their
 efforts to sell our products. A reduction in sales efforts by
 our current distributors could materially and adversely impact
 our business or operating results. In addition, if we decrease
 our distributor-incentive programs (i.e., competitive pricing
 and rebates), our distributors may temporarily decrease the
 amounts of product purchased from us. This could result in a
 change of business habits, and distributors may decide to
 decrease

 9

Table of Contents

 the amount of product held and reduce their inventory levels,
 which could impact availability of our products to their
 customers.

 As a result of these factors regarding our distributors or other
 unrelated factors, the reseller customers of our distributors
 could decide to purchase products developed and manufactured by
 our competitors. Any loss of demand for our products by
 value-added resellers and system integrators could have a
 material adverse effect on our business or operating results.

 We are
 dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for
 certain key components.

 We purchase certain key components used in the manufacture of
 our products from single or limited sources. We purchase
 application specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, from single
 sources and we purchase microprocessors, certain connectors,
 logic chips, power supplies and programmable logic devices from
 limited sources.

 We use forecasts based on anticipated product orders to
 determine our component requirements. If we overestimate
 component requirements, we may have excess inventory, which
 would increase our costs. If we underestimate component
 requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could
 interrupt the manufacturing process and result in lost or
 deferred revenue. In addition, lead times for components vary
 significantly and depend on factors such as the specific
 supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given
 time. We also may experience shortages of certain components
 from time to time, which could also delay the manufacturing
 processes.

 Third-party subcontractors located outside the United States
 assemble and test certain products for us. To the extent that we
 rely upon third-party subcontractors to perform these functions,
 we will not be able to directly control product delivery
 schedules and quality assurance. This lack of control may result
 in product shortages or quality assurance problems that could
 delay shipments of products or increase manufacturing, assembly,
 testing or other costs. If any of these subcontractors
 experience capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
 suffer damage to their facilities, experience power outages or
 any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may not
 be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services in a
 timely manner.

 In addition, the loss of any of our major third-party contract
 manufacturers could significantly impact our ability to produce
 products for an indefinite period of time. Qualifying a new
 contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is a
 lengthy and expensive process. Some customers will not purchase
 any products, other than a limited number of evaluation units,
 until they qualify the manufacturing line for the product, and
 we may not always be able to satisfy the qualification
 requirements of these customers. If we are required to change a
 contract manufacturer or if a contract manufacturer experiences
 delays, disruptions, capacity constraints, component parts
 shortages or quality control problems in its manufacturing
 operations, shipment of our products to our customers could be
 delayed resulting in loss of revenues and our competitive
 position and relationship with customers could be harmed.

 We depend
 on our relationships with silicon chip suppliers and a loss of
 any of these relationships may lead to unpredictable
 consequences that may harm our results of operations if
 alternative supply sources are not available.

 We currently rely on multiple foundries to manufacture our
 semiconductor products either in finished form or wafer form. We
 generally conduct business with these foundries through written
 purchase orders as opposed to long-term supply contracts.
 Therefore, these foundries are generally not obligated to supply
 products to us for any specific period, in any specific quantity
 or at any specific price, except as may be provided in a
 particular purchase order. If a foundry terminates its
 relationship with us or if our supply from a foundry is
 otherwise interrupted, we may not have a sufficient amount of
 time to replace the supply of products manufactured by that
 foundry. As a result, we may not be able to meet customer
 demands, which could harm our business.

 Historically, there have been periods when there has been a
 worldwide shortage of advanced process technology foundry
 capacity. The manufacture of semiconductor devices is subject to
 a wide variety of factors, including the availability of raw
 materials, the level of contaminants in the manufacturing
 environment, impurities in the materials used and the
 performance of personnel and equipment. We are continuously
 evaluating potential

 10

Table of Contents

 new sources of supply. However, the qualification process and
 the production
 ramp-up for
 additional foundries have in the past taken, and could in the
 future take, longer than anticipated. New supply sources may not
 be able or willing to satisfy our silicon chip requirements on a
 timely basis or at acceptable quality or unit prices.

 We have not developed alternate sources of supply for some of
 our products. A customer’s inability to obtain a sufficient
 supply of products from us, may cause that customer to satisfy
 its product requirements from our competitors. Constraints or
 delays in the supply of our products, due to capacity
 constraints, unexpected disruptions at foundries or with our
 subcontractors, delays in obtaining additional production at the
 existing foundries or in obtaining production from new
 foundries, shortages of raw materials or other reasons, could
 result in the loss of customers and have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

 The number of suppliers we use may decrease as a result of
 business combinations involving these suppliers. For example,
 LSI Corporation recently acquired Agere Systems, Inc. Both LSI
 Corporation and Agere Systems, Inc. were QLogic suppliers. This
 transaction has reduced the number of companies we can use to
 produce our semiconductor products.

 Our
 products are complex and may contain undetected software or
 hardware errors that could lead to an increase in our costs,
 reduce our net revenues or damage our reputation.

 Our products are complex and may contain undetected software or
 hardware errors when first introduced or as newer versions are
 released. We are also exposed to risks associated with latent
 defects in existing products. From time to time, we have found
 errors in existing, new or enhanced products. The occurrence of
 hardware or software errors could adversely affect the sales of
 our products, cause us to incur significant warranty and repair
 costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from
 our product development efforts and cause significant customer
 relations problems.

 The
 migration of our customers toward new products may result in
 fluctuations of our operating results.

 As new or enhanced products are introduced, including the
 transition from 2Gb to 4Gb Fibre Channel products, we must
 successfully manage the transition from older products in order
 to minimize the effects of product inventories that may become
 excess and obsolete, as well as ensure that sufficient supplies
 of new products can be delivered to meet customer demand. Our
 failure to manage the transition to newer products in the future
 or to develop and successfully introduce new products and
 product enhancements could adversely affect our business or
 financial results. When we introduce new products and product
 enhancements, we face risks relating to product transitions,
 including risks relating to forecasting demand. Any such adverse
 events could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 Historically, the electronics industry has developed higher
 performance ASICs, which create chip level solutions that
 replace selected board level or box level solutions at a
 significantly lower average selling price. We have previously
 offered ASICs to customers for certain applications that have
 effectively resulted in a lower-priced solution when compared to
 an HBA solution. This transition to ASICs may also occur with
 respect to other current and future products. The result of this
 transition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations. In the future, a similar
 adverse effect to our business could occur if there were rapid
 shifts in customer purchases from our midrange server and
 storage solutions to products for the small and medium-sized
 business market or if our customers shifted to lower cost
 products that could replace our HBA or HCA solutions.

 Environmental
 compliance costs could adversely affect our net
 income.

 Many of our products are subject to various laws governing
 chemical substances in products, including those regulating the
 manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and those
 restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic
 products. We could incur substantial costs, or our products
 could be restricted from entering certain countries, if our
 products become non-compliant with environmental laws.

 We face increasing complexity in our product design and
 procurement operations as we adjust to new and future
 requirements relating to the materials composition of our
 products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other
 substances that apply to specified electronic products put on
 the market in the European Union as of

 11

Table of Contents

 July 1, 2006 (Restriction of Hazardous Substances
 Directive, or RoHS) and similar legislation in China which
 became effective on March 1, 2007. In addition, certain
 recycling, labeling and related requirements have already begun
 to apply to products we sell internationally. Where necessary,
 we are redesigning our products to ensure that they comply with
 these requirements as well as related requirements imposed by
 our OEM customers. We are also working with our suppliers to
 provide us with compliant materials, parts and components. If
 our products do not comply with the European substance
 restrictions, we could become subject to fines, civil or
 criminal sanctions, and contract damage claims. In addition, we
 could be prohibited from shipping non-compliant products into
 the European Union, and required to recall and replace any
 products already shipped, if such products were found to be
 non-compliant, which would disrupt our ability to ship products
 and result in reduced revenue, increased obsolete or excess
 inventories and harm to our business and customer relationships.
 We also must successfully manage the transition to
 RoHS-compliant products in order to minimize the effects of
 product inventories that may become excess or obsolete, as well
 as ensure that sufficient supplies of RoHS-compliant products
 can be delivered to meet customer demand. Failure to manage this
 transition may adversely impact our revenues and operating
 results. Various other countries and states in the United States
 have issued, or are in the process of issuing, other
 environmental regulations that may impose additional
 restrictions or obligations and require further changes to our
 products. These regulations could impose a significant cost of
 doing business in those countries and states.

 The European Union has enacted the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment Directive, which makes producers of
 electrical goods financially responsible for specified
 collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future
 covered products. The deadline for the individual member states
 of the European Union to enact the directive in their respective
 countries was August 13, 2004 (such legislation together
 with the directive, the “WEEE Legislation”). Producers
 participating in the market became financially responsible for
 implementing these responsibilities beginning in August 2005.
 Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other
 jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico,
 China and Japan, the cumulative impact of which could be
 significant.

 Because
 we depend on foreign customers and suppliers, we are subject to
 international economic, currency, regulatory, political and
 other risks that could harm our business, financial condition
 and results of operations.

 International revenues accounted for 46% and 45% of our net
 revenues for fiscal year 2007 and 2006, respectively. We expect
 that international revenues will continue to account for a
 significant percentage of our net revenues for the foreseeable
 future. In addition, a significant portion of our inventory
 purchases are from suppliers that are located outside the United
 States. As a result, we are subject to several risks, which
 include:

 • 

 a greater difficulty of administering and managing our business
 globally;

 • 

 compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting regulatory
 requirements, such as import or export requirements, tariffs and
 other barriers;

 • 

 less effective intellectual property protections;

 • 

 potentially longer accounts receivable cycles;

 • 

 currency fluctuations;

 • 

 overlapping or differing tax structures;

 • 

 political and economic instability, including terrorism and
 war; and

 • 

 general trade restrictions.

 Our international sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars and,
 accordingly, if the relative value of the U.S. dollar in
 comparison to the currency of our foreign customers should
 increase, the resulting effective price increase of our products
 to such foreign customers could result in decreased sales. There
 can be no assurance that any of the foregoing factors will not
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import
 and export regulations of the United States government and other
 countries. Certain government export regulations apply to the
 encryption or other features

 12

Table of Contents

 contained in some of our products. Changes in or violations of
 any such import or export regulations could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with
 developing economies, it is common to engage in business
 practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us,
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement
 policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
 laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those
 companies to which we outsource certain of our business
 operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
 such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business.

 We may
 engage in mergers, acquisitions and strategic investments and
 these activities may adversely affect our results of operations
 and stock price.

 Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to identify
 and acquire complementary businesses, technologies or product
 lines that are compatible with our existing business. Mergers
 and acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

 • 

 the failure of markets for the products of acquired companies to
 develop as expected;

 • 

 uncertainties in identifying and pursuing target companies;

 • 

 difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies
 and products of the acquired companies;

 • 

 the existence of unknown defects in acquired companies’
 products or assets that may not be identified due to the
 inherent limitations involved in the due diligence process of an
 acquisition;

 • 

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business
 concerns;

 • 

 risks associated with entering markets or conducting operations
 with which we have no or limited direct prior experience;

 • 

 risks associated with assuming the legal obligations of acquired
 companies;

 • 

 risks related to the effect that acquired companies’
 internal control processes might have on our financial reporting
 and management’s report on our internal control over
 financial reporting;

 • 

 the potential loss of, or impairment of our relationships with,
 current customers or failure to retain the acquired
 companies’ customers;

 • 

 the potential loss of key employees of acquired
 companies; and

 • 

 the incurrence of significant exit charges if products acquired
 in business combinations are unsuccessful.

 Further, we may never realize the perceived benefits of a
 business combination. Future acquisitions by us could negatively
 impact gross margins or dilute stockholders’ investment and
 cause us to incur debt, contingent liabilities and
 amortization/impairment charges related to intangible assets,
 all of which could materially and adversely affect our financial
 position or results of operations. In addition, our effective
 tax rate for future periods could be negatively impacted by
 mergers and acquisitions.

 We have made, and could make in the future, investments in
 technology companies, including privately-held companies in a
 development stage. Many of these private equity investments are
 inherently risky because the companies’ businesses may
 never develop, and we may incur losses related to these
 investments. In addition, we may be required to write down the
 carrying value of these investments to reflect
 other-than-temporary
 declines in their value, which could have a materially adverse
 effect on our financial position and results of operations.

 While the usage of InfiniBand technology has increased since its
 first specifications were completed in October 2000, continued
 adoption of InfiniBand is dependent on continued collaboration
 and cooperation among IT vendors. In addition, the end users
 that purchase IT products and services from vendors must find
 InfiniBand to be a compelling solution to their IT system
 requirements. We cannot control third-party participation in the
 development of InfiniBand as an industry standard technology.
 InfiniBand may fail to effectively compete with other
 technologies, which may be adopted by vendors and their
 customers in place of InfiniBand. The adoption of InfiniBand is

 13

Table of Contents

 also impacted by the general replacement cycle of IT equipment
 by end users, which is dependent on factors unrelated to
 InfiniBand. These factors may reduce the rate at which
 InfiniBand is incorporated by the industry and impede its
 adoption in the storage, communications infrastructure and
 embedded systems markets, which in turn would harm our ability
 to sell our InfiniBand products.

 If we are
 unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able
 to sustain or grow our business.

 Our future success largely depends on our key engineering,
 sales, marketing and executive personnel, including highly
 skilled semiconductor design personnel and software developers.
 If we lose the services of key personnel or fail to hire
 personnel for key positions, our business would be adversely
 affected. We believe that the market for key personnel in the
 industries in which we compete is highly competitive. In
 particular, periodically we have experienced difficulty in
 attracting and retaining qualified engineers and other technical
 personnel and anticipate that competition for such personnel
 will increase in the future. We may not be able to attract and
 retain key personnel with the skills and expertise necessary to
 develop new products in the future or to manage our business,
 both in the United States and abroad.

 We have historically used stock options and other forms of
 stock-based compensation as key components of our total rewards
 employee compensation program in order to align employees’
 interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage
 retention of key personnel, and provide competitive compensation
 packages. In recent periods, many of our employee stock options
 were granted with exercise prices which exceed our current stock
 price, which reduces their value to employees and could affect
 our ability to retain employees. As a result of our adoption of
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R,
 “Share-Based Payment,” in fiscal 2007, the use of
 stock options and other stock-based awards to attract and retain
 key personnel may be limited. Moreover, applicable stock
 exchange listing standards relating to obtaining stockholder
 approval of equity compensation plans could make it more
 difficult or expensive for us to grant stock-based awards to
 employees in the future, which may result in changes in our
 stock-based compensation strategy. These and other developments
 relating to the provision of stock-based compensation to
 employees could make it more difficult to attract, retain and
 motivate key personnel.

 We may
 experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry
 process technologies.

 We expect to continue to transition our semiconductor products
 to increasingly smaller line width geometries. This transition
 requires us to modify the manufacturing processes for our
 products and to redesign some products as well as standard cells
 and other integrated circuit designs that we may use in multiple
 products. We periodically evaluate the benefits, on a
 product-by-product
 basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies.
 Currently, most of our products are manufactured in 0.18, 0.13
 and 0.09 micron geometry processes. In addition, we have begun
 to develop certain new products with 65 nanometer (0.065 micron)
 geometry process technology. In the past, we have experienced
 some difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry process
 technologies or new manufacturing processes, which resulted in
 reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product deliveries and
 increased expenses. We may face similar difficulties, delays and
 expenses as we continue to transition our products to smaller
 geometry processes.

 Our
 proprietary rights may be inadequately protected and difficult
 to enforce.

 Although we have patent protection on certain aspects of our
 technology in some jurisdictions, we rely primarily on trade
 secrets, trademarks, copyrights and contractual provisions to
 protect our proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that
 these protections will be adequate to protect our proprietary
 rights, that others will not independently develop or otherwise
 acquire equivalent or superior technology or that we can
 maintain such technology as trade secrets. There also can be no
 assurance that any patents we possess will not be invalidated,
 circumvented or challenged. In addition, we have trademark
 protection in a number of jurisdictions. We have taken steps in
 several jurisdictions to enforce our trademarks against third
 parties. No assurances can be given that we will ultimately be
 successful in protecting our trademarks. The laws of certain
 countries in which our products are or may be developed,
 manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may
 not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the
 same extent as the laws of the United States or at all. If we
 fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our business
 could be negatively impacted.

 14

Table of Contents

 Disputes
 relating to claimed infringement of intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business.

 We have received notices of claimed infringement of intellectual
 property rights in the past and have been involved in
 intellectual property litigation in the past. There can be no
 assurance that third parties will not assert future claims of
 infringement of intellectual property rights against us with
 respect to existing and future products. In addition,
 individuals and groups are purchasing intellectual property
 assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and
 attempting to extract settlements from companies such as ours.
 Although patent and intellectual property disputes may be
 settled through licensing or similar arrangements, costs
 associated with these arrangements may be substantial and the
 necessary licenses or similar arrangements may not be available
 to us on satisfactory terms or at all. As a result, we could be
 prevented from manufacturing and selling some of our products.
 In addition, if we litigate these kinds of claims, the
 litigation could be expensive, time consuming and could divert
 management’s attention from other matters. Our business
 could suffer regardless of the outcome of the litigation. Our
 supply of silicon chips and other components can also be
 interrupted by intellectual property infringement claims against
 our suppliers.

 Dependance
 on third-party technology could adversely affect our
 business.

 Many of our products are designed to include software or other
 intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be
 necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to
 various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance
 that necessary licenses will be available on acceptable terms,
 if at all. In addition, we may have little or no ability to
 correct errors in the technology provided by such third parties,
 or to continue to develop new generations of such technology.
 Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability and
 willingness to do so. In the event of a problem with such
 technology, or in the event that our rights to use such
 technology become impaired, we may be unable to ship our
 products containing such technology, and may be unable to
 replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the
 time frame needed by our customers. The inability to find
 suitable alternatives to third-party technology, obtain certain
 licenses or obtain such licenses on favorable terms, or the need
 to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a
 material adverse impact on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

 If we
 fail to carefully manage the use of “open source”
 software in our products, we may be required to license key
 portions of our products on a royalty-free basis or expose key
 parts of source code.

 Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
 be derived from “open source” software that is
 generally made available to the public by its authors
 and/or other
 third parties. Such open source software is often made available
 to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License
 (GPL) which impose certain obligations on us in the event we
 were to distribute derivative works of the open source software.
 These obligations may require us to make source code for the
 derivative works available to the public,

and/or
 license such derivative works under a particular type of
 license, rather than the forms of licenses customarily used to
 protect our intellectual property. In the event the copyright
 holder of any open source software were to successfully
 establish in court that we had not complied with the terms of a
 license for a particular work, we could be required to release
 the source code of that work to the public

and/or stop
 distribution of that work.

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax provisions or adverse outcomes resulting from
 examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our
 net income.

 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various
 foreign jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rates have
 recently been and could in the future be adversely affected by
 changes in tax laws or interpretations of those tax laws, by
 changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing
 statutory tax rates, by discovery of new information in the
 course of our tax return preparation process, or by changes in
 the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our
 effective income tax rates are also affected by intercompany
 transactions for licenses, services, funding and other items.
 Additionally, we are subject to the continuous examination of
 our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other
 tax authorities which may result in the assessment of additional
 income taxes. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse
 outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
 adequacy of our provision for income taxes. However, there can
 be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous
 examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition or results of operations.

 15

Table of Contents

 In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
 Interpretation (FIN) No. 48, “Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation of
 FASB Statement No. 109.” FIN 48 prescribes a
 recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
 financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return.
 It also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
 interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
 disclosure, and transition. The Company will adopt FIN 48
 during the first quarter of fiscal 2008. We have not determined
 the impact FIN 48 will have on our financial statements.
 There is a risk that the adoption of FIN 48 could result in
 a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings and future
 interperiod effective income tax rate volatility.

 Computer
 viruses and other forms of tampering with our computer systems
 or servers may disrupt our operations and adversely affect net
 income.

 Despite our implementation of network security measures, our
 servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and
 similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our
 computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

 Our
 facilities and the facilities of our suppliers and customers are
 located in regions that are subject to natural
 disasters.

 Our California facilities, including our principal executive
 offices, our principal design facilities and our critical
 business operations, are located near major earthquake faults.
 We are not specifically insured for earthquakes, or other
 natural disasters. Any personal injury or damage to the
 facilities as a result of such occurrences could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations or
 financial condition. Additionally, some of our products are
 manufactured or sold in regions which have historically
 experienced natural disasters. Any earthquake or other natural
 disaster, including a hurricane or tsunami, affecting a country
 in which our products are manufactured or sold could adversely
 affect our business, results of operations and financial
 condition.