Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other
 documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
 of operations to differ materially from the results contemplated
 by the forward-looking statements contained in this report or
 otherwise publicly disclosed by the Company.

 Our
 operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which could
 cause our stock price to decline.

 We have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods,
 fluctuations in sales and operating results from quarter to
 quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will
 maintain our current gross margins or profitability in the
 future. A significant portion of our net revenues in each fiscal
 quarter results from orders booked in that quarter. Orders
 placed by major customers are typically based on their
 forecasted sales and inventory levels for our products.
 Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may be the
 result of:

 • 

 the timing, size and mix of orders from customers;

 • 

 gain or loss of significant customers;

 • 

 customer policies pertaining to desired inventory levels of our
 products;

 • 

 negotiated rebates and extended payment terms;

 • 

 changes in our ability to anticipate in advance the mix of
 customer orders;

 • 

 levels of inventory our customers require us to maintain in our
 inventory hub locations;

 • 

 the availability and sale of new products;

 • 

 shifts or changes in technology;

 • 

 changes in the mix or average selling prices of our products;

 5

Table of Contents

 • 

 variations in manufacturing capacities, efficiencies and costs;

 • 

 the availability and cost of components, including silicon chips;

 • 

 variations in product development costs, especially related to
 advanced technologies;

 • 

 variations in operating expenses;

 • 

 changes in effective income tax rates, including those resulting
 from changes in tax laws;

 • 

 our ability to timely produce products that comply with new
 environmental restrictions or related requirements of our OEM
 customers;

 • 

 actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing
 from judgments, assumptions and estimates used in determining
 the value of certain assets (including the amounts of related
 valuation allowances), liabilities and other items reflected in
 our consolidated financial statements;

 • 

 the timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals;

 • 

 gains or losses related to our marketable securities;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules;

 • 

 changes in our accounting policies;

 • 

 general economic and other conditions affecting the timing of
 customer orders and capital spending; or

 • 

 changes in the global economy that impact information
 technology, or IT, spending.

 Our quarterly results of operations are also influenced by
 competitive factors, including the pricing and availability of
 our products and our competitors’ products. Portions of our
 expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce in a short period of
 time. If net revenues do not meet our expectations, our fixed
 expenses could adversely affect our gross profit and net income
 until net revenues increase or until such fixed expenses are
 reduced to an appropriate level. Furthermore, communications
 regarding new products and technologies could cause our
 customers to defer or cancel purchases of our products. Order
 deferrals by our customers, delays in our introduction of new
 products, and longer than anticipated design-in cycles for our
 products have in the past adversely affected our quarterly
 results of operations. Due to these factors, as well as other
 unanticipated factors, it is likely that in some future quarter
 or quarters our operating results will be below the expectations
 of public market analysts or investors, and as a result, the
 price of our common stock could significantly decrease.

 We expect
 gross margin to vary over time, and our recent level of gross
 margin may not be sustainable.

 Our recent level of gross margin may not be sustainable and may
 be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:

 • 

 changes in product mix;

 • 

 increased price competition;

 • 

 introduction of new products by us or our competitors, including
 products with price, performance or feature advantages;

 • 

 our inability to reduce manufacturing-related or component costs;

 • 

 entry into new markets or the acquisition of new businesses;

 • 

 amortization and impairments of purchased intangible assets;

 • 

 sales discounts;

 • 

 increases in material, labor or overhead costs;

 • 

 excess inventory and inventory holding charges;

 • 

 changes in distribution channels;

 6

Table of Contents

 • 

 increased warranty costs; and

 • 

 how well we execute our business strategy and operating plans.

 Our
 revenues may be affected by changes in IT spending
 levels.

 In the past, unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions and
 reduced global IT spending rates have adversely affected the
 markets in which we operate. Certain of our large customers are
 reporting weaknesses in particular markets and geographies,
 which may adversely affect our revenues. We are unable to
 predict changes in general economic conditions and when global
 IT spending rates will be affected. Furthermore, even if IT
 spending rates increase, we cannot be certain that the market
 for Storage Area Network (SAN) and server fabric infrastructure
 solutions will be positively impacted. If there are future
 reductions in either domestic or international IT spending
 rates, or if IT spending rates do not increase, our revenues,
 operating results and financial condition may be adversely
 affected.

 Our stock
 price may be volatile.

 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated
 substantially, and there can be no assurance that such
 volatility will not continue. Several factors could impact our
 stock price including, but not limited to:

 • 

 differences between our actual operating results and the
 published expectations of analysts;

 • 

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 introduction of new products or changes in product pricing
 policies by our competitors or us;

 • 

 conditions in the markets in which we operate;

 • 

 changes in market projections by industry forecasters;

 • 

 changes in estimates of our earnings by industry analysts;

 • 

 operating results or forecasts of our major customers or
 competitors;

 • 

 overall market conditions for high technology equities;

 • 

 rumors or dissemination of false information; and

 • 

 general economic and geopolitical conditions.

 In addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and
 volume volatility in recent years and stock prices of technology
 companies have been especially volatile. This volatility has had
 a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many
 public companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the
 operating performance of the specific companies. These broad
 market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of
 our common stock.

 Our
 business is dependent on the continued growth of the SAN market
 and if this market does not continue to develop and expand as we
 anticipate, our business will suffer.

 A significant number of our products are used in SANs and,
 therefore, our business is dependent on the SAN market.
 Accordingly, the widespread adoption of SANs for use in
 organizations’ computing systems is critical to our future
 success. SANs are often implemented in connection with the
 deployment of new storage systems and servers. Therefore, our
 future success is also substantially dependent on the market for
 new storage systems and servers.

 Our success in generating revenue in the SAN market will depend
 on, among other things, our ability to:

 • 

 educate potential OEM customers, distributors, resellers, system
 integrators, storage service providers and end-user
 organizations about the benefits of SANs;

 • 

 maintain and enhance our relationships with OEM customers,
 distributors, resellers, system integrators and storage system
 providers;

 7

Table of Contents

 • 

 predict and base our products on standards which ultimately
 become industry standards; and

 • 

 achieve interoperability between our products and other SAN
 components from diverse vendors.

 Our
 business could be adversely affected by the broad adoption of
 server virtualization technology.

 Server virtualization technologies, which allow a single server
 to take on the function of what was previously performed by many
 individual servers, are gaining momentum in the industry. The
 broad implementation of server virtualization could result in a
 decrease in the demand for servers, which could result in a
 lower demand for our products. This could have a material
 adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

 Our
 business could be adversely affected by a significant increase
 in the market acceptance of blade servers.

 Blade server products have gained acceptance in the market over
 the past few years. Blade servers use custom SAN infrastructure
 products, including blade switches and mezzanine cards which
 have lower average selling prices than the SAN infrastructure
 products used in a non-blade server environment. If blade
 servers gain an increased percentage of the overall server
 market, our business could be adversely affected by the
 transition to blade server products. This could have a material
 adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

 Our
 financial condition will be materially harmed if we do not
 maintain and gain market acceptance of our products.

 The markets in which we compete involve rapidly changing
 technology, evolving industry standards and continuing
 improvements in products and services. Our future success
 depends, in part, on our ability to:

 • 

 enhance our current products and develop and introduce in a
 timely manner new products that keep pace with technological
 developments and industry standards;

 • 

 compete effectively on the basis of price and
 performance; and

 • 

 adequately address OEM and end-user customer requirements and
 achieve market acceptance.

 We believe that to remain competitive, we will need to continue
 to develop new products, which will require a significant
 investment in new product development. Our competitors may be
 developing alternative technologies, which may adversely affect
 the market acceptance of our products. Although we continue to
 explore and develop products based on new technologies, a
 substantial portion of our revenues is generated today from
 Fibre Channel technology. If alternative technologies are
 adopted by the industry, we may not be able to develop products
 for new technologies in a timely manner. Further, even if
 alternative technologies do augment Fibre Channel revenues, our
 products may not be fully developed in time to be accepted by
 our customers. Even if our new products are developed on time,
 we may not be able to manufacture them at competitive prices or
 in sufficient volumes.

 We depend
 on a limited number of customers, and any decrease in revenues
 or cash flows from any one of our major customers could
 adversely affect our results of operations and cause our stock
 price to decline.

 A small number of customers account for a substantial portion of
 our net revenues, and we expect that a limited number of
 customers will continue to represent a substantial portion of
 our net revenues in the foreseeable future. Our top ten
 customers accounted for 85%, 80% and 77% of net revenues for
 fiscal year 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We are also
 subject to credit risk associated with the concentration of our
 accounts receivable. The loss of any of our major customers
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 Our customers generally order products through written purchase
 orders as opposed to long-term supply contracts and, therefore,
 are generally not obligated to purchase products from us for any
 extended period. Major customers also have significant leverage
 over us and may attempt to change the terms, including pricing
 and payment terms, which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or results of operations. This
 risk is increased due to the potential for some of these
 customers to merge with or acquire one or

 8

Table of Contents

 more of our other customers. As our OEM customers are pressured
 to reduce prices as a result of competitive factors, we may be
 required to contractually commit to price reductions for our
 products before we know how, or if, cost reductions can be
 obtained. If we are unable to achieve such cost reductions, our
 gross margins could decline and such decline could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Our
 business may be subject to seasonal fluctuations and uneven
 sales patterns in the future.

 A large percentage of our products are sold to customers who
 experience seasonality and uneven sales patterns in their
 businesses. As a result, we could continue to experience similar
 seasonality and uneven sales patterns. We believe this uneven
 sales pattern is a result of many factors including:

 • 

 the tendency of our customers to close a disproportionate
 percentage of their sales transactions in the last month, weeks
 and days of each quarter;

 • 

 spikes in sales during the fourth quarter of each calendar year
 that some of our customers experience; and

 • 

 differences between our quarterly fiscal periods and the fiscal
 periods of our customers.

 In addition, as our customers increasingly require us to
 maintain products at hub locations near their facilities, it
 becomes easier for our customers to order products with very
 short lead times, which makes it increasingly difficult for us
 to predict sales trends. Our uneven sales pattern also makes it
 extremely difficult to predict the demand of our customers and
 adjust manufacturing capacity accordingly. If we predict demand
 that is substantially greater than actual customer orders, we
 will have excess inventory. Alternatively, if customer orders
 substantially exceed predicted demand, the ability to assemble,
 test and ship orders received in the last weeks and days of each
 quarter may be limited, or at an increased cost, which could
 have a material adverse effect on quarterly revenues and
 earnings.

 Competition
 within the markets for our products is intense and includes
 various established competitors.

 The markets for our products are highly competitive and are
 characterized by short product life cycles, price erosion,
 rapidly changing technology, frequent product improvements and
 evolving industry standards. In the Fibre Channel HBA market, we
 compete primarily with Emulex Corporation. In the iSCSI HBA
 market, we compete primarily with Broadcom Corporation and we
 also compete with companies offering software initiator
 solutions. In the Fibre Channel switch and storage router
 markets, we compete primarily with Brocade Communications
 Systems, Inc. and Cisco Systems, Inc. Our competition in the
 Fibre Channel switch market includes well-established
 participants who have significantly more sales and marketing
 resources to develop and penetrate this market. In the
 InfiniBand HCA and switch markets, we compete primarily with
 Voltaire Ltd., Cisco Systems, Inc. and Mellanox Technologies,
 Ltd. We may also compete with some of our server and storage
 systems customers, some of which have the capability to develop
 products comparable to those we offer.

 We need to continue to develop products appropriate to our
 markets to remain competitive as our competitors continue to
 introduce products with improved features. While we continue to
 devote significant resources to engineering and development,
 these efforts may not be successful or competitive products may
 not be developed and introduced in a timely manner. In addition,
 while relatively few competitors offer a full range of SAN and
 server fabric infrastructure products, additional domestic and
 foreign manufacturers may increase their presence in these
 markets. We may not be able to compete successfully against
 these or other competitors. If we are unable to design, develop
 or introduce competitive new products on a timely basis, our
 future operating results will be materially and adversely
 affected.

 We expect
 the pricing of our products to continue to decline, which could
 reduce our revenues, gross margins and profitability.

 We expect the average unit prices of our products (on a product
 to product comparison basis) to decline in the future as a
 result of competitive pricing pressures, increased sales
 discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors,
 or other factors. If we are unable to offset these factors by
 increasing sales volumes, or reducing product manufacturing
 costs, our total revenues and gross margins may decline. In
 addition, we must develop and introduce new products and product
 enhancements. Moreover, most of our expenses are fixed in the
 short-term or

 9

Table of Contents

 incurred in advance of receipt of corresponding revenues. As a
 result, we may not be able to decrease our spending to offset
 any unexpected shortfall in revenues. If this occurs, our
 operating results and gross margins may be below our
 expectations and the expectations of investors and public market
 analysts, and our stock price could be negatively affected.

 Our
 distributors may not adequately distribute our products and
 their reseller customers may purchase products from our
 competitors, which could negatively affect our results of
 operations.

 Our distributors generally offer a diverse array of products
 from several different manufacturers and suppliers. Accordingly,
 we are at risk that these distributors may give higher priority
 to stocking and selling products from other suppliers, thus
 reducing their efforts and ability to sell our products. A
 reduction in sales efforts by our current distributors could
 materially and adversely impact our business or results of
 operations. In addition, if we decrease our
 distributor-incentive programs (i.e., competitive pricing and
 rebates), our distributors may decrease the amounts of product
 purchased from us. This could result in a change of business
 behavior, and distributors may decide to decrease the amount of
 product held and reduce their inventory levels, which could
 impact availability of our products to their customers.

 As a result of these factors regarding our distributors or other
 unrelated factors, the reseller customers of our distributors
 could decide to purchase products developed and manufactured by
 our competitors. Any loss of demand for our products by
 value-added resellers and system integrators could have a
 material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

 We are
 dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for
 certain key components.

 We purchase certain key components used in the manufacture of
 our products from single or limited sources. We purchase
 application specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, from single
 sources and we purchase microprocessors, certain connectors,
 logic chips, power supplies and programmable logic devices from
 limited sources.

 We use forecasts based on anticipated product orders to
 determine our component requirements. If we overestimate
 component requirements, we may have excess inventory, which
 would increase our costs and risk of obsolescence. If we
 underestimate component requirements, we may have inadequate
 inventory, which could interrupt the manufacturing process and
 result in lost or postponed revenue, or reduced profit if
 expedite charges are required. In addition, lead times for
 components vary significantly and depend on factors such as the
 specific supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at
 a given time. We also may experience shortages of certain
 components from time to time, which could also delay the
 manufacturing processes.

 Third-party subcontractors located outside the United States
 assemble and test certain products for us. To the extent that we
 rely upon third-party subcontractors to perform these functions,
 we will not be able to directly control product delivery
 schedules and quality assurance. This lack of control may result
 in product shortages or quality assurance problems that could
 delay shipments of products or increase manufacturing, assembly,
 testing or other costs. If any of these subcontractors
 experience capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
 suffer damage to their facilities, experience power outages or
 any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may not
 be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services in a
 timely manner.

 In addition, the loss of any of our major third-party contract
 manufacturers could significantly impact our ability to produce
 products for an indefinite period of time. Qualifying a new
 contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is a
 lengthy and expensive process. Some customers will not purchase
 any products, other than a limited number of evaluation units,
 until they qualify the manufacturing line for the product, and
 we may not always be able to satisfy the qualification
 requirements of these customers. If we are required to change a
 contract manufacturer or if a contract manufacturer experiences
 delays, disruptions, capacity constraints, component parts
 shortages or quality control problems in its manufacturing
 operations, shipment of our products to our customers could be
 delayed resulting in loss or postponement of revenues and our
 competitive position and relationship with customers could be
 harmed.

 10

Table of Contents

 We depend
 on our relationships with silicon chip suppliers and a loss of
 any of these relationships may lead to unpredictable
 consequences that may harm our results of operations if
 alternative supply sources are not available.

 We currently rely on multiple foundries to manufacture our
 semiconductor products either in finished form or wafer form. We
 generally conduct business with these foundries through written
 purchase orders as opposed to long-term supply contracts.
 Therefore, these foundries are generally not obligated to supply
 products to us for any specific period, in any specific quantity
 or at any specific price, except as may be provided in a
 particular purchase order. If a foundry terminates its
 relationship with us or if our supply from a foundry is
 otherwise interrupted, we may not have a sufficient amount of
 time to replace the supply of products manufactured by that
 foundry. As a result, we may not be able to meet customer
 demands, which could harm our business.

 Historically, there have been periods when there has been a
 worldwide shortage of advanced process technology foundry
 capacity. The manufacture of semiconductor devices is subject to
 a wide variety of factors, including the availability of raw
 materials, the level of contaminants in the manufacturing
 environment, impurities in the materials used and the
 performance of personnel and equipment. We are continuously
 evaluating potential new sources of supply. However, the
 qualification process and the production
 ramp-up for
 additional foundries have in the past taken, and could in the
 future take, longer than anticipated. New supply sources may not
 be able or willing to satisfy our silicon chip requirements on a
 timely basis or at acceptable quality or unit prices.

 We have not developed alternate sources of supply for some of
 our products. A customer’s inability to obtain a sufficient
 supply of products from us may cause that customer to satisfy
 its product requirements from our competitors. Constraints or
 delays in the supply of our products, due to capacity
 constraints, unexpected disruptions at foundries or with our
 subcontractors, delays in obtaining additional production at the
 existing foundries or in obtaining production from new
 foundries, shortages of raw materials or other reasons, could
 result in the loss of customers and have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

 The number of suppliers we use may decrease as a result of
 business combinations involving these suppliers. For example,
 LSI Corporation acquired Agere Systems, Inc. in early 2007. Both
 LSI Corporation and Agere Systems, Inc. were QLogic suppliers.
 This transaction has reduced the number of companies we can use
 to produce our semiconductor products.

 Our
 marketable securities portfolio could experience a decline in
 market value which could materially and adversely affect our
 financial results.

 As of March 30, 2008, we held short-term and long-term
 marketable securities aggregating $216.4 million. We invest
 primarily in marketable debt securities, all of which are high
 investment grade, and we limit the amount of credit exposure
 through diversification and investment in highly rated
 securities. A deterioration in the economy, including a credit
 crisis or significant volatility in interest rates, could cause
 our marketable securities to decline in value or could impact
 the liquidity of the portfolio. If market conditions deteriorate
 significantly, our results of operations or financial condition
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 Our marketable securities include investments in auction rate
 securities, all of which are rated AA or higher. As of
 March 30, 2008, our investment portfolio included
 $24.1 million of auction rate debt securities and
 $31.8 million of auction rate preferred securities. During
 late fiscal 2008, the market auctions of many auction rate
 securities began to fail, including auctions for our auction
 rate securities. The underlying assets for auction rate debt
 securities in our portfolio are student loans, substantially all
 of which are backed by the federal government under the Federal
 Family Education Loan Program. However, it could take until the
 final maturity of the underlying notes (up to 40 years) to
 realize the recorded value of these investments. The underlying
 assets of our auction rate preferred securities are the
 respective funds’ investment portfolio, which each had an
 asset coverage in excess of 200% for the related preferred
 security holders as of March 30, 2008. We believe that the
 gross unrealized losses associated with the auction rate
 securities in our portfolio are primarily due to the current
 liquidity issues in the auction rate securities market.
 Accordingly, we may be unable to liquidate some or all of our
 auction rate securities should we need or desire to access the
 funds invested in those securities. If the fair value of our
 auction rate securities declines in the future and an impairment
 of such securities is determined to be other-than-temporary, any
 write-down of such investments could have a material adverse
 affect on our financial condition and results of operations.

 11

Table of Contents

 Our
 products are complex and may contain undetected software or
 hardware errors that could lead to an increase in our costs,
 reduce our net revenues or damage our reputation.

 Our products are complex and may contain undetected software or
 hardware errors when first introduced or as newer versions are
 released. We are also exposed to risks associated with latent
 defects in existing products. From time to time, we have found
 errors in existing, new or enhanced products. The occurrence of
 hardware or software errors could adversely affect the sales of
 our products, cause us to incur significant warranty and repair
 costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from
 our product development efforts and cause significant customer
 relations problems.

 The
 migration of our customers toward new products could adversely
 affect our results of operations.

 As new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully
 manage the transition from older products in order to minimize
 the effects of product inventories that may become excess and
 obsolete, as well as ensure that sufficient supplies of new
 products can be delivered to meet customer demand. Our failure
 to manage the transition to newer products in the future or to
 develop and successfully introduce new products and product
 enhancements could adversely affect our business or results of
 operations. When we introduce new products and product
 enhancements, we face risks relating to product transitions,
 including risks relating to forecasting demand. Any such adverse
 events could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 Historically, the electronics industry has developed higher
 performance ASICs, which create chip level solutions that
 replace selected board level or box level solutions at a
 significantly lower average selling price. We have previously
 offered ASICs to customers for certain applications that have
 effectively resulted in a lower-priced solution when compared to
 an HBA solution. This transition to ASICs may also occur with
 respect to other current and future products. The result of this
 transition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations. In the future, a similar
 adverse effect to our business could occur if there were rapid
 shifts in customer purchases from our midrange server and
 storage solutions to products for the small and medium-sized
 business market or if our customers shifted to lower cost
 products that could replace our HBA or HCA solutions.

 Environmental
 compliance costs could adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 Most of our products are subject to various laws governing
 chemical substances in products, including those regulating the
 manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and those
 restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic
 products. We could incur substantial costs, or our products
 could be restricted from entering certain countries, if our
 products become non-compliant with environmental laws.

 We face increasing complexity in our product design and
 procurement operations as we adjust to new and future
 requirements relating to the materials composition of our
 products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other
 substances that apply to specified electronic products put on
 the market in the European Union as of July 1, 2006
 (Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive, or RoHS) and
 similar legislation in other countries including China, Japan
 and Korea. In addition, certain recycling, labeling and related
 requirements have already begun to apply to products we sell
 internationally. Where necessary, we are redesigning our
 products to ensure that they comply with these requirements as
 well as related requirements imposed by our OEM customers. We
 are also working with our suppliers to provide us with compliant
 materials, parts and components. If our products do not comply
 with substance restrictions, we could become subject to fines,
 civil or criminal sanctions, and contract damage claims. In
 addition, we could be prohibited from shipping non-compliant
 products into various countries, and required to recall and
 replace any products already shipped, if such products were
 found to be non-compliant. This would disrupt our ability to
 ship products and result in reduced revenue, increased obsolete
 or excess inventories and harm to our business and customer
 relationships. We also must successfully manage the transition
 to RoHS-compliant products in order to minimize the effects of
 product inventories that may become excess or obsolete, as well
 as ensure that sufficient supplies of RoHS-compliant products
 can be delivered to meet customer demand. Failure to manage this
 transition may adversely impact our revenues and operating
 results. Various other countries and states in the United States
 have issued, or are in the process of issuing, other
 environmental

 12

Table of Contents

 regulations that may impose additional restrictions or
 obligations and require further changes to our products. These
 regulations could impose a significant cost of doing business in
 those countries and states.

 The European Union adopted the Waste Electrical and Electronic
 Equipment Directive, which requires European Union countries to
 enact legislation to make producers of electrical goods
 financially responsible for specified collection, recycling,
 treatment and disposal of past and future covered products.
 Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other
 jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico,
 China and Japan, the cumulative impact of which could be
 significant.

 Because
 we depend on foreign customers and suppliers, we are subject to
 international economic, currency, regulatory, political and
 other risks that could harm our business, financial condition
 and results of operations.

 International revenues accounted for 49%, 46% and 45% of our net
 revenues for fiscal year 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We
 expect that international revenues will continue to account for
 a significant percentage of our net revenues for the foreseeable
 future. In addition, a significant portion of our inventory
 purchases are from suppliers that are located outside the United
 States. As a result, we are subject to several risks, which
 include:

 • 

 a greater difficulty of administering and managing our business
 globally;

 • 

 compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting regulatory
 requirements, such as import or export requirements, tariffs and
 other barriers;

 • 

 less effective intellectual property protections;

 • 

 potentially longer accounts receivable cycles;

 • 

 currency fluctuations;

 • 

 overlapping or differing tax structures;

 • 

 political and economic instability, including terrorism and
 war; and

 • 

 general trade restrictions.

 Our international sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars and,
 accordingly, if the relative value of the U.S. dollar in
 comparison to the currency of our foreign customers should
 increase, the resulting effective price increase of our products
 to such foreign customers could result in decreased sales. Any
 of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or results of operations.

 In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import
 and export regulations of the United States government and other
 countries. Certain government export regulations apply to the
 encryption or other features contained in some of our products.
 Changes in or violations of any such import or export
 regulations could materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with
 developing economies, it is common to engage in business
 practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us,
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement
 policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
 laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those
 companies to which we outsource certain of our business
 operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
 such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 We may
 engage in mergers, acquisitions and strategic investments and
 these activities may adversely affect our results of operations
 and stock price.

 Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to identify
 and acquire complementary businesses, technologies or product
 lines that are compatible with our existing business. Mergers
 and acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

 • 

 the failure of markets for the products of acquired companies to
 develop as expected;

 13

Table of Contents

 • 

 uncertainties in identifying and pursuing target companies;

 • 

 difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies
 and products of the acquired companies;

 • 

 the existence of unknown defects in acquired companies’
 products or assets that may not be identified due to the
 inherent limitations involved in the due diligence process of an
 acquisition;

 • 

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business
 concerns;

 • 

 risks associated with entering markets or conducting operations
 with which we have no or limited direct prior experience;

 • 

 risks associated with assuming the legal obligations of acquired
 companies;

 • 

 risks related to the effect that acquired companies’
 internal control processes might have on our financial reporting
 and management’s report on our internal control over
 financial reporting;

 • 

 the potential loss of, or impairment of our relationships with,
 current customers or failure to retain the acquired
 companies’ customers;

 • 

 the potential loss of key employees of acquired
 companies; and

 • 

 the incurrence of significant exit charges if products acquired
 in business combinations are unsuccessful.

 Further, we may never realize the perceived benefits of a
 business combination. Acquisitions by us could negatively impact
 gross margins or dilute stockholders’ investment and cause
 us to incur debt, contingent liabilities and
 amortization/impairment charges related to intangible assets,
 all of which could materially and adversely affect our financial
 position or results of operations. In addition, our effective
 tax rate for future periods could be negatively impacted by
 mergers and acquisitions.

 We have made, and could make in the future, investments in
 technology companies, including privately-held companies in a
 development stage. Many of these private equity investments are
 inherently risky because the companies’ businesses may
 never develop, and we may incur losses related to these
 investments. In addition, we may be required to write down the
 carrying value of these investments to reflect
 other-than-temporary declines in their value, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
 operations.

 We have recently completed acquisitions that expanded our
 portfolio of products to include InfiniBand solutions. While the
 usage of InfiniBand technology has increased since its first
 specifications were completed in October 2000, continued
 adoption of InfiniBand is dependent on continued collaboration
 and cooperation among IT vendors. In addition, the end users
 that purchase IT products and services from vendors must find
 InfiniBand to be a compelling solution to their IT system
 requirements. We cannot control third-party participation in the
 development of InfiniBand as an industry standard technology.
 InfiniBand may fail to effectively compete with other
 technologies, which may be adopted by vendors and their
 customers in place of InfiniBand. The adoption of InfiniBand is
 also impacted by the general replacement cycle of IT equipment
 by end users, which is dependent on factors unrelated to
 InfiniBand. These factors may reduce the rate at which
 InfiniBand is incorporated by the industry and impede its
 adoption in the storage, communications infrastructure and
 embedded systems markets, which in turn would harm our ability
 to sell our InfiniBand products.

 If we are
 unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able
 to sustain or grow our business.

 Our future success largely depends on our key engineering,
 sales, marketing and executive personnel, including highly
 skilled semiconductor design personnel and software developers.
 If we lose the services of key personnel or fail to hire
 personnel for key positions, our business would be adversely
 affected. We believe that the market for key personnel in the
 industries in which we compete is highly competitive. In
 particular, periodically we have experienced difficulty in
 attracting and retaining qualified engineers and other technical
 personnel and anticipate that competition for such personnel
 will increase in the future. We may not be able to attract and
 retain key personnel with the skills and expertise necessary to
 develop new products in the future or to manage our business,
 both in the United States and abroad.

 14

Table of Contents

 We have historically used stock options and other forms of
 stock-based compensation as key components of our total employee
 compensation program in order to align employees’ interests
 with the interests of our stockholders, encourage retention of
 key personnel, and provide competitive compensation packages. In
 recent periods, many of our employee stock options were granted
 with exercise prices which exceed our current stock price, which
 reduces their value to employees and could affect our ability to
 retain employees. As a result of our adoption of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, “Share-Based
 Payment,” in fiscal 2007, the use of stock options and
 other stock-based awards to attract and retain key personnel may
 be limited. Moreover, applicable stock exchange listing
 standards relating to obtaining stockholder approval of equity
 compensation plans could make it more difficult or expensive for
 us to grant stock-based awards to employees in the future, which
 may result in changes in our stock-based compensation strategy.
 These and other developments relating to the provision of
 stock-based compensation to employees could make it more
 difficult to attract, retain and motivate key personnel.

 We may
 experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry
 process technologies.

 We expect to continue to transition our semiconductor products
 to increasingly smaller line width geometries. This transition
 requires us to modify the manufacturing processes for our
 products and to redesign some products as well as standard cells
 and other integrated circuit designs that we may use in multiple
 products. We periodically evaluate the benefits, on a
 product-by-product
 basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies.
 Currently, most of our products include ASICs which are
 manufactured in 0.18, 0.13 and 0.09 micron geometry processes.
 In addition, we have begun to develop certain new ASIC products
 with 65 nanometer (0.065 micron) geometry process technology. In
 the past, we have experienced some difficulties in shifting to
 smaller geometry process technologies or new manufacturing
 processes, which resulted in reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses. We may face
 similar difficulties, delays and expenses as we continue to
 transition our products to smaller geometry processes.

 Our
 proprietary rights may be inadequately protected and difficult
 to enforce.

 Although we have patent protection on certain aspects of our
 technology in some jurisdictions, we rely primarily on trade
 secrets, trademarks, copyrights and contractual provisions to
 protect our proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that
 these protections will be adequate to protect our proprietary
 rights, that others will not independently develop or otherwise
 acquire equivalent or superior technology or that we can
 maintain such technology as trade secrets. There also can be no
 assurance that any patents we possess will not be invalidated,
 circumvented or challenged. We have taken steps in several
 jurisdictions to enforce our trademarks against third parties.
 No assurances can be given that we will ultimately be successful
 in protecting our trademarks. The laws of certain countries in
 which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or
 sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our
 products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as
 the laws of the United States or at all. If we fail to protect
 our intellectual property rights, our business could be
 negatively impacted.

 Disputes
 relating to claimed infringement of intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business.

 We have received notices of claimed infringement of intellectual
 property rights in the past and have been involved in
 intellectual property litigation in the past. There can be no
 assurance that third parties will not assert future claims of
 infringement of intellectual property rights against us, or
 against customers who we are contractually obligated to
 indemnify, with respect to existing and future products. In
 addition, individuals and groups are purchasing intellectual
 property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of
 infringement and attempting to extract settlements from
 companies such as ours. Although patent and intellectual
 property disputes may be settled through licensing or similar
 arrangements, costs associated with these arrangements may be
 substantial and the necessary licenses or similar arrangements
 may not be available to us on satisfactory terms or at all. As a
 result, we could be prevented from manufacturing and selling
 some of our products. In addition, if we litigate these kinds of
 claims, the litigation could be expensive, time consuming and
 could divert management’s attention from other matters. Our
 business could suffer regardless of the outcome of the
 litigation. Our supply of silicon chips and other components can
 also be interrupted by intellectual property infringement claims
 against our suppliers.

 15

Table of Contents

 Dependence
 on third-party technology could adversely affect our
 business.

 Some of our products are designed to include software or other
 intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be
 necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to
 various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance
 that necessary licenses will be available on acceptable terms,
 if at all. In addition, we may have little or no ability to
 correct errors in the technology provided by such third parties,
 or to continue to develop new generations of such technology.
 Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability and
 willingness to do so. In the event of a problem with such
 technology, or in the event that our rights to use such
 technology become impaired, we may be unable to ship our
 products containing such technology, and may be unable to
 replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the
 time frame needed by our customers. The inability to find
 suitable alternatives to third-party technology, obtain certain
 licenses or obtain such licenses on favorable terms, or the need
 to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a
 material adverse impact on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

 If we
 fail to carefully manage the use of “open source”
 software in our products, we may be required to license key
 portions of our products on a royalty-free basis or expose key
 parts of source code.

 Certain of our software may be derived from “open
 source” software that is generally made available to the
 public by its authors
 and/or other
 third parties. Such open source software is often made available
 to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License
 (GPL) which impose certain obligations on us in the event we
 were to distribute derivative works of the open source software.
 These obligations may require us to make source code for the
 derivative works available to the public,

and/or
 license such derivative works under a particular type of
 license, rather than the forms of licenses customarily used to
 protect our intellectual property. In the event the copyright
 holder of any open source software were to successfully
 establish in court that we had not complied with the terms of a
 license for a particular work, we could be required to release
 the source code of that work to the public

and/or stop
 distribution of that work.

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax provisions or adverse outcomes resulting from
 examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various
 foreign jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rates have
 recently been and could in the future be adversely affected by
 changes in tax laws or interpretations of those tax laws, by
 changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing
 statutory tax rates, by discovery of new information in the
 course of our tax return preparation process, or by changes in
 the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our
 effective income tax rates are also affected by intercompany
 transactions for licenses, services, funding and other items.
 Given the increased global scope of our operations, and the
 complexity of global tax and transfer pricing rules and
 regulations, it has become increasingly difficult to estimate
 earnings within each tax jurisdiction. If actual earnings within
 a tax jurisdiction differ materially from our estimates, we may
 not achieve our expected effective tax rate. Additionally, our
 effective tax rate may be impacted by the tax effects of
 acquisitions, stock-based compensation and uncertain tax
 positions. Finally, we are subject to the continuous examination
 of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and
 other tax authorities which may result in the assessment of
 additional income taxes. We regularly assess the likelihood of
 adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine
 the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. However,
 unanticipated outcomes from these continuous examinations could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Computer
 viruses and other forms of tampering with our computer systems
 or servers may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 Despite our implementation of network security measures and
 anti-virus defenses, our servers are vulnerable to computer
 viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized
 tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 or financial condition.

 16

Table of Contents

 Our
 facilities and the facilities of our suppliers and customers are
 located in regions that are subject to natural
 disasters.

 Our California facilities, including our principal executive
 offices, our principal design facilities and our critical
 business operations, are located near major earthquake faults.
 We are not specifically insured for earthquakes or other natural
 disasters. Any personal injury or damage to the facilities as a
 result of such occurrences could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
 Additionally, some of our products are manufactured or sold in
 regions which have historically experienced natural disasters.
 Any earthquake or other natural disaster, including a hurricane,
 tsunami or fire, affecting a country in which our products are
 manufactured or sold could adversely affect our business,
 results of operations and financial condition.