The following contains all known material risks that could affect our business. 

Our operating
and financial results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Our annual and
quarterly operating and financial results are affected by a number of economic, regulatory and competitive factors, including: 

•

 our inability to obtain expected customer retention levels or sales growth targets; 

•

 our inability to integrate acquisitions as projected, achieve planned synergies and retain customers of companies we acquire;

•

 labor strikes and work stoppages; 

•

 sudden changes in fuel prices and fuel shortages; 

•

 changes in accounting rules, estimates, assumptions and accruals; 

•

 changes in current financial, tax or regulatory requirements that could negatively impact our business; 

•

 outages, system failures or delays in timely access to data in legacy information technology systems that support key business processes; and

•

 reputational risk and other detrimental business consequences associated with employees, customers, agents, suppliers or other persons using our supply
chain or assets to commit illegal acts, including the use of company assets for terrorist activities. 

Our business and
operating results could be adversely affected by uncertain or unfavorable economic and industry conditions. 

In 2011, we
continued to see signs of economic recovery. We saw improvement in our commercial rental and used vehicle sales. We also began to see slight improvement in our full service contractual lease business, although it was impacted by the cumulative
effects of customer fleet reductions. We are uncertain whether the improvements in demand for commercial rental will continue and whether we will be able to maintain our current commercial rental rates, which increased again this year due to
customer demand. Despite improvement in full service lease, our customers still remain cautious about entering into long-term leases. Uncertainty and lack of customer confidence around macroeconomic and industry conditions may continue to impact
future growth prospects. 

Challenging economic and market conditions may also result in: 

•

 difficulty forecasting, budgeting and planning due to limited visibility into the spending plans of current or prospective customers;

•

 increased competition for fewer projects and sales opportunities; 

•

 pricing pressure that may adversely affect revenue and gross margin; 

•

 higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue; 

•

 increased risk of charges relating to asset impairments, including goodwill and other intangible assets; 

•

 customer financial difficulty and increased risk of uncollectible accounts receivable; 

•

 additional fleet downsizing which could adversely impact profitability; and 

•

 increased risk of declines in the residual values of our vehicles. 

In addition, volatility in the global credit and financial markets may lead to: 

•

 unanticipated interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 increased risk of default by counterparties under derivative instruments and hedging agreements; and 

•

 diminished liquidity and credit availability resulting in higher short-term borrowing costs and more stringent borrowing terms.

We are uncertain as to how long a full economic recovery will take and whether we will continue to be
impacted by the residual effects of the unfavorable macroeconomic and industry conditions that have persisted over the last few years. If these conditions continue or further weaken, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

We bear the residual risk on the value of our vehicles. 

We generally bear the residual risk on the value of our vehicles. Therefore, if the market for used vehicles declines, or our vehicles are
not properly maintained, we may obtain lower sales proceeds upon the sale of used vehicles. Changes in residual values also impact the overall competitiveness of our full service lease product line, as estimated sales proceeds are a critical
component of the overall price of the lease. Additionally, technology changes and sudden changes in supply and demand together with other market factors beyond our control vary from year to year and from vehicle to vehicle, making it difficult to
accurately predict residual values used in calculating our depreciation expense. Although we have developed disciplines related to the management and maintenance of our vehicles that are designed to prevent these losses, there is no assurance that
these practices will sufficiently reduce the residual risk. For a detailed discussion on our accounting policies and assumptions relating to depreciation and residual values, please see the section titled “Critical Accounting Estimates —
Depreciation and Residual Value Guarantees” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Our profitability could be adversely impacted by our inability to maintain appropriate commercial rental utilization rates through our asset
management initiatives. 

We typically do not purchase vehicles for our full service lease product line until we have an
executed contract with a customer. In our commercial rental product line, however, we do not purchase vehicles against specific customer contracts. Rather, we purchase vehicles and optimize the size and mix of the commercial rental fleet based upon
our expectations of overall market demand. As a result, we bear the risk for ensuring that we have the proper vehicles in the right condition and location to effectively capitalize on market demand in order to drive the highest levels of utilization
and revenue per unit. We employ a sales force and operations team on a full-time basis to manage and optimize this product line; however, their efforts may not be sufficient to overcome a significant change in market demand in the rental business or
used vehicle market. 

We derive a significant portion of our SCS revenue from a relatively small number of customers. 

During 2011, sales to our top ten SCS customers representing all of the industry groups we service, accounted for 55% of our SCS total
revenue and 51% of our SCS operating revenue (revenue less subcontracted transportation). Additionally, approximately 34% of our global SCS revenue is from the automotive industry and is directly impacted by automotive vehicle production. The loss
of any of these customers or a significant reduction in the services provided to any of these customers could impact our operations and adversely affect our SCS financial results. In addition, our largest SCS customers can exert downward pricing
pressure and often require modifications to our standard commercial terms. While we believe our ongoing cost reduction initiatives have helped mitigate the effect of price reduction pressures from our SCS customers, there is no assurance that we
will be able to maintain or improve profitability in those accounts. In 2010, we further diversified our customer base with the acquisition of TLC, which is concentrated in the consumer packaged goods industry. While we continue to focus our efforts
on diversifying our customer base we may not be successful in doing so in the short-term. 

We are also subject to credit risk
associated with the concentration of our accounts receivable from our SCS customers If one or more of these customers were to become bankrupt, insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the services provided by us, we may incur significant
write-offs of accounts receivable or incur lease or asset impairment charges that could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our profitability could be negatively impacted if the key assumptions and pricing structure of our SCS contracts prove to be invalid. 

Substantially all of our SCS services are provided under contractual arrangements with our customers. Under most of these contracts, all
or a portion of our pricing is based on certain assumptions regarding the scope of services, production volumes, operational efficiencies, the mix of fixed versus variable costs, productivity and other factors. If, as a result of subsequent changes
in our customers’ business needs or operations or market forces that are outside of our control, these assumptions prove to be invalid, we could have lower margins than anticipated. Although certain of our contracts provide for renegotiation
upon a material change, there is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the necessary price adjustments. 

12 

Table of Contents

Some of our vehicle and equipment manufacturers in our FMS business rely on a small number of suppliers.

We buy vehicles and related equipment from a relatively small number of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in our FMS
business to purchase our vehicles and vehicle parts. Further, some of our vehicle manufacturers rely on a small concentration of suppliers for certain vehicle parts, components and equipment. A discrete event in a particular OEM’s or
supplier’s industry or location, or adverse regional economic conditions impacting an OEM or supplier’s ability to provide vehicles or a particular component could adversely impact our FMS business and profitability. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry and our business may suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures
and other competitive factors. 

Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current
profitability. These factors include the following: 

•

 advances in technology require increased investments to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the
cost of these investments; 

•

 we compete with many other transportation and logistics service providers, some of which have greater capital resources than we do;

•

 some of our competitors periodically reduce their prices to gain business, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices; and

•

 because cost of capital is a significant competitive factor, any increase in either our debt or equity cost of capital as a result of reductions in our
debt rating or stock price volatility could have a significant impact on our competitive position. 

We operate in a
highly regulated industry, and costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations could significantly increase our costs of doing business. 

Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign governmental agencies. These agencies could institute new
laws, rules or regulations or issue interpretation changes to existing regulations at any time. We have also seen an increase in proactive enforcement of existing regulations by some entities. Compliance with new laws, rules or regulations could
substantially impair labor and equipment productivity and increase our costs. Conversely, our failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations to which we are subject, whether actual or alleged, could expose us to fines, penalties or
potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements, and judgments. 

Specifically, the U.S. Department of
Transportation and various state and federal agencies exercise broad powers over our motor carrier operations, safety, and the generation, handling, storage, treatment and disposal of waste materials. We may also become subject to new or more
restrictive regulations imposed by the Department of Transportation, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Department of Homeland Security and U.S. Customs Service, the Environmental Protection Agency or other authorities, relating
to the hours of service that our drivers may provide in any onetime period, homeland security, carbon emissions and reporting and other matters. Also, the ongoing development of data privacy laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we
operate may require changes to our data security policies and procedures in order to comply with new standards. 

We maintain
operations and employees in numerous states throughout the U.S., which are governed by federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations relating to compensation, benefits, healthcare and various workplace issues, all of which are
applicable to our employees, and in some cases, independent contractors. State labor and employment rules vary from state to state and in some states, require us to meet much stricter standards than required in other states. Although we are
generally protected from previous action taken by the sellers of theses businesses, any existing regulatory deficiencies could impact the value of the business purchased. Also, we are or may become subject to various class-action lawsuits related to
wage and hour violations and improper pay in certain states. Unfavorable or unanticipated outcomes in any of the lawsuits could subject us to increase costs and impact our profitability. Also we are or may become subject to various class-action
lawsuits related to wage and hour violations and improper pay in certain states. 

We currently operate in Asia, Europe, Mexico
and Canada, where we are subject to compliance with local laws and regulatory requirements of foreign jurisdictions, including local tax laws, and compliance with the Federal Corrupt Practices Act. Local laws and regulatory requirements may vary
significantly from country to country. Customary levels of compliance with local regulations and the tolerance for noncompliance by regulatory authorities may also vary in different countries and geographical locations, and impact our ability to
successfully implement our compliance and business initiatives in certain jurisdictions. Also, adherence to rigorous local laws and regulatory requirements may limit our ability to expand into certain international markets and result in residual
liability for legal claims and tax disputes arising out of previously discontinued operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Regulations governing exhaust emissions that have been enacted over the last few years could
adversely impact our business. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued regulations that required progressive reductions in exhaust emissions from certain diesel engines from 2007 through 2010. Emissions standards require reductions in the
sulfur content of diesel fuel since June 2006. Also, the first phase of progressively stringent emissions standards relating to emissions after-treatment devices was introduced on newly-manufactured engines and vehicles utilizing engines built after
January 1, 2007. The second phase, which required an additional after-treatment system, became effective after January 1, 2010. We face additional technology changes under EPA regulations that will go into effect in 2014 and 2017, which
will require modifications to existing vehicle chassis and engine combinations. The 2014 and 2017 regulations will require reductions in carbon dioxide, which can only be reduced by improving fuel economy, and which requires compliance with
different emissions standards for both engines and chassis, based on vocation. OEMs may be required to install additional engine componentry, additional aerodynamics on chassis, and low-rolling resistance tires to comply with the upcoming
regulations which may result in a shorter useful tread life and increased operating costs for us. Although customers may see reduced fuel consumption under the new standards, this could be offset by increased fuel costs on a per gallon basis. Each
of these requirements could result in higher prices for vehicles, diesel engines, fuel vehicle maintenance, which are passed on to our customers, as well as higher maintenance costs and uncertainty as to reliability of the new engines, all of which
could, over time, increase our costs and adversely affect our business and results of operations. The new technology may also impact the residual values of these vehicles when sold in the future. 

Volatility in assumptions and asset values related to our pension plans may reduce our profitability and adversely impact current funding levels.

We historically sponsored a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the U.S., U.K. and other foreign locations.
In recent years, we made amendments to defined benefit plans which froze the retirement benefits for non-grandfathered and certain non-union employees. Our major defined benefit plans are funded, with trust assets invested in a diversified
portfolio. The cash contributions made to our defined benefit plans are required to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by employee benefit and tax laws. The projected benefit obligation and assets of our global defined benefit plans as
of December 31, 2011 were $1.97 billion and $1.42 billion, respectively. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining pension expense and the ongoing funding
requirements of those plans. Macroeconomic factors, as well as changes in investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension expense and related assets and liabilities can be volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs and
funding requirements. We also participate in eleven U.S. multi-employer pension (MEP) plans that provide defined benefits to employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. In the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these
plans, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan. Our withdrawal liability for any MEP plan would depend on the extent of the plan’s funding of vested benefits. Economic conditions have caused
MEP plans to be significantly underfunded. If the financial condition of the MEP plans were to continue to deteriorate, participating employers could be subject to additional assessments. Although we have actively sought to control increases in
these costs and funding requirements, there can be no assurance that we will succeed, and continued cost pressure could reduce the profitability of our business and negatively impact our cash flows. 

We establish self-insurance reserves based on historical loss development factors, which could lead to adjustments in the future based on actual
development experience. 

We retain a portion of the accident risk under vehicle liability and workers’ compensation
insurance programs. Our self-insurance accruals are based on actuarially estimated, undiscounted cost of claims, which includes claims incurred but not reported. While we believe that our estimation processes are well designed, every estimation
process is inherently subject to limitations. Fluctuations in the frequency or severity of accidents make it difficult to precisely predict the ultimate cost of claims. The actual cost of claims can be different than the historical selected loss
development factors because of safety performance, payment patterns and settlement patterns. For a detailed discussion on our accounting policies and assumptions relating to our self-insurance reserves, please see the section titled “Critical
Accounting Estimates – Self-Insurance Accruals” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

We may face difficulties in attracting and retaining drivers and technicians. 

We hire drivers primarily for our DCC and SCS business segments. There is significant competition for qualified drivers in the
transportation industry. As a result of driver shortages, we could be required to increase driver compensation, let trucks sit idle, utilize lower quality drivers or face difficulty meeting customer demands, all of which could adversely affect our
growth and profitability. Similarly, we hire technicians in our FMS business to perform vehicle maintenance services on our lease, contract maintenance and rental fleets. We have recently seen a decrease in the overall supply of skilled maintenance
technicians, particularly new technicians with qualifications from technical programs and schools, which could make it more difficult to attract and retain skilled technicians. 

Changes in lease accounting may impact our customers’ leasing decisions. 

Demand for our full service lease product line is based in part on customers’ decisions to lease versus buy vehicles. A number of factors can impact whether customers decide to lease or buy vehicles,
including accounting considerations, tax treatment, interest rates and operational flexibility. In 2010, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a proposed update to accounting standards that would involve a new approach to lease accounting
that differs from current practice. Most notably, the new approach would eliminate off balance sheet treatment of leases and require lessees to record leased assets on their balance sheets. If the proposed accounting standard becomes effective in
its current form, it could be perceived to make leasing a less attractive option for some of our full service lease customers.