RAI and its
subsidiaries operate with certain known risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The risks below are not the only ones that could impact RAI and its
subsidiaries. Additional risks not currently known or currently considered immaterial also could affect RAI’s business. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in connection with other information included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Adverse litigation outcomes could have a negative impact on RAI’s ability to continue to operate
due to their impact on cash flows. Additionally, RAI’s operating subsidiaries could be subject to substantial liabilities and bonding difficulties from litigation related to cigarette products or smokeless tobacco products, thereby reducing
operating margins and cash flows from operations. 

RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co. and their affiliates, including RAI,
and indemnitees, including B&W, have been named in a large number of tobacco-related legal actions, proceedings or claims. The claimants seek recovery on a variety of legal theories, including negligence, strict liability in tort, design defect,
fraud, misrepresentation, unfair trade practices and violations of state and federal antitrust laws. Various forms of relief are sought, including compensatory and, where available, punitive damages in amounts ranging in some cases into the hundreds
of millions or even billions of dollars. 

The tobacco-related legal actions range from individual lawsuits to class-actions
and other aggregate claim lawsuits. In particular, class-action suits have been filed in a number of states against individual cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, and their parents, including RAI, alleging that the use of the terms
“lights” and “ultra-lights” constitutes unfair and deceptive trade practices. In 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s
regulation of “tar” and nicotine disclosures preempts (or bars) such claims. This ruling limits certain defenses available to RJR Tobacco and other cigarette manufacturers and has led to the filing of additional lawsuits. In the event RJR
Tobacco and its affiliates and indemnitees lose one or more of the pending “lights” class-action suits, RJR Tobacco, depending upon the amount of any damages ordered, could face difficulties in obtaining the bond required to stay execution
of the judgment. 

In Engle v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, while
determining that the case could not proceed further as a class action, permitted members of the 
Engle class to file individual claims, including claims for punitive damages, through January 11, 2008. RJR Tobacco had been served, as of
December 31, 2012, in 5,756 
Engle Progeny cases on behalf of approximately 6,937 plaintiffs. The 
Engle Progeny cases have resulted in increased litigation and trial activity, including an increased number of adverse verdicts, and
increased expenses. As of December 31, 2012, RJR Tobacco has paid $18,453,000 in compensatory damages and $60,680,000 in punitive damages, for a total of $79,133,000, in these cases. In addition, as of

14 

Table of Contents

December 31, 2012, outstanding jury verdicts in favor of the Engle Progeny plaintiffs had been entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $59,784,000 in compensatory damages (as
adjusted) and in the amount of $125,820,000 in punitive damages, for a total of $185,604,000. All of these verdicts are in various stages in the appellate process. RJR Tobacco may be required to pay additional judgments as the litigation proceeds.
For a more complete description of this litigation, see “— Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry — 
Engle and 
Engle Progeny Cases” in Item 8, note 13 to consolidated financial statements. 

Also, the consolidated action, In re: Tobacco Litigation Individual Personal Injury Cases, is pending in West Virginia, against
both RJR Tobacco and B&W. The case consists of 564 plaintiffs and will be tried in a single proceeding. The court declared a mistrial on November 8, 2011, and scheduled a new trial for April 15, 2013. 

It is likely that similar legal actions, proceedings and claims arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development,
advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products will continue to be filed against RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., or their affiliates and indemnitees and other tobacco companies for the foreseeable
future. 

Victories by plaintiffs in highly publicized cases against RJR Tobacco and other tobacco companies regarding the
health effects of smoking may stimulate further claims. A material increase in the number of pending claims could significantly increase defense costs. In addition, adverse outcomes in pending cases could have adverse effects on the ability of RJR
Tobacco and its indemnitees, including B&W, to prevail in other smoking and health litigation. 

For a more complete
description of the above cases and other significant litigation involving RAI and its operating subsidiaries, including RJR Tobacco and American Snuff Co., see “— Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry” and
“— Smokeless Tobacco Litigation” in Item 8, note 13 to consolidated financial statements. 

The verdict and order in the case brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, while not final, could subject RJR Tobacco to
significant compliance costs, which could negatively impact the results of operations, cash flows and the financial position of RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI. 

In 1999, the U.S. Department of Justice brought an action against RJR Tobacco, B&W and other tobacco companies. The government sought, in addition to other remedies, pursuant to the civil
provisions of the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, referred to as RICO, disgorgement of profits in an amount of approximately $280 billion, the government contends have been earned as a consequence of a RICO
racketeering “enterprise.” In 2006, the court found certain defendants, including RJR Tobacco, liable for the RICO claims, but did not impose any direct financial penalties. Instead, the court, among other things, enjoined the defendants
from committing future racketeering acts, participating in certain trade organizations, making misrepresentations concerning smoking and health and youth marketing, and using certain brand descriptors such as “low tar,” “light,”
“ultra light,” “mild” and “natural,” and ordered the defendants to issue “corrective communications” on five subjects, including smoking and health, and addiction. 

Both sides appealed. In 2009, the Court of Appeals affirmed in part the trial court’s order and remanded for further proceedings.
Both sides’ petitions for writ of certiorari from the U.S. Supreme Court were denied in June 2010, including the DOJ’s request for review of the district court’s denial of the government’s request for disgorgement of profits
and certain other remedies. In November 2012, the trial court specified the text of the “corrective statements” that it has ordered the defendants to disseminate. The court ordered the parties to enter mediation on a number of issues
related to the implementation of the “corrective-statements” remedy. That mediation is scheduled to conclude by March 1, 2013. Further proceedings are pending before the trial court to determine whether those “corrective
statements” will have to be displayed at retail points-of-sale. If the “corrective-statements” remedy is implemented, RJR Tobacco would incur significant compliance costs and 

15 

Table of Contents

there could be an adverse effect on the sales of operating company products. Additionally, in connection with the document-disclosure remedy ordered by the trial court, RJR Tobacco has agreed to
deposit $3.125 million in the district court’s account across three years. 

For a more complete description of this case,
see “— Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases — Department of Justice Case” in Item 8, note 13 to consolidated financial statements. 

RJR Tobacco’s overall retail market share of cigarettes has declined in recent years and is expected to continue to decline. If RJR Tobacco is not able to continue to grow market share of its
growth brands, or if RJR Tobacco and RAI’s other operating companies are not able to develop, produce or market new alternative tobacco products profitably, the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of such companies and,
consequently, of RAI could be adversely impacted. 

RJR Tobacco’s U.S. retail market share of cigarettes has been
declining for a number of years, and is expected to continue to decline. According to data from IRI/Capstone, RJR Tobacco’s share of the U.S. cigarette retail market declined to 26.5% in 2012 from 27.6% in 2011, continuing a trend in
effect for several years. If RJR Tobacco’s growth brands do not continue to grow combined market share, results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be adversely affected. In addition, consumer health concerns, changes in
adult consumer preferences and changes in regulations have prompted RJR Tobacco and other RAI operating companies to introduce new alternative tobacco products. Consumer acceptance of these new products, such as CAMEL Snus and electronic cigarettes,
may fall below expectations. Furthermore, RAI’s operating companies may not find vendors willing to produce alternative tobacco products, or components or raw materials used in such products, resulting in additional capital expenditures for
RAI’s operating companies. 

RJR Tobacco is dependent on the U.S. cigarette market, which it expects to continue
to decline, negatively impacting revenue. 

The international rights to substantially all of RJR Tobacco’s brands were
sold in 1999 to JTI, and no international rights were acquired in connection with the B&W business combination. Therefore, RJR Tobacco is dependent on the U.S. cigarette market. Price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions,
funding of smoking prevention campaigns, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other factors have reduced U.S. cigarette
consumption. U.S. cigarette consumption is expected to continue to decline. MSAi reported that U.S. cigarette shipments declined 2.3% in 2012, to 286.5 billion cigarettes, 3.5% in 2011 and 3.8% in 2010. In addition, RJR Tobacco
believes its consumers are more price-sensitive than consumers of competing brands, which may result in some consumers switching to a lower priced brand. 

RJR Tobacco is RAI’s largest operating segment. As such, it is the primary source of RAI’s revenue, operating income and cash flows. 

In the U.S., tobacco products are subject to substantial and increasing regulation and taxation, which has a negative effect on
revenue and profitability. 

Tobacco products are subject to substantial federal and state excise taxes in the United
States. Certain city and county governments also impose substantial excise taxes on tobacco products sold. Increased excise taxes are likely to result in declines in overall sales volume and shifts by consumers to less expensive brands. 

A wide variety of federal, state and local laws limit the advertising, sale and use of cigarettes, and these laws have proliferated in
recent years. For example, many local laws prohibit smoking in restaurants and other public places. Private businesses also have adopted regulations that prohibit or restrict, or are intended to discourage, smoking. Such laws and regulations also
are likely to result in a decline in the overall sales volume of cigarettes. For additional information on the issues described above, see “— Governmental Activity” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7. 

16 

Table of Contents

RAI’s operating subsidiaries are subject to significant limitations on advertising
and marketing of tobacco products, which could harm the value of their existing brands or their ability to launch new brands, thus negatively impacting revenue. 

In the United States, television and radio advertisements of cigarettes have been prohibited since 1971, and television and radio advertisements of smokeless tobacco products have been prohibited since
1986. Under the MSA, RAI’s operating subsidiaries, RJR Tobacco and SFNTC, cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon characters, sponsorship of certain events, non-tobacco merchandise bearing their brand names and various other advertising and
marketing techniques. The MSA also prohibits targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or marketing of tobacco products, including the smokeless tobacco products of RJR Tobacco. American Snuff Co. is not a participant in the MSA. Although these
restrictions were intended to ensure that tobacco advertising was not aimed at young people, some of the restrictions also may limit the ability of RAI’s operating subsidiaries to communicate with adult tobacco users. In addition, pursuant to
the FDA Tobacco Act, the FDA has reissued regulations addressing advertising and marketing restrictions that were originally promulgated in 1996. Additional restrictions under the FDA regulations, or otherwise, may be imposed or agreed to in the
future. 

The regulation of tobacco products by the FDA may adversely affect RAI’s sales and operating profit.

The FDA Tobacco Act grants the FDA broad authority over the manufacture, sale, marketing and packaging of tobacco
products. It is likely that the FDA Tobacco Act could result in a decrease in cigarette and smokeless tobacco sales in the United States, including sales of RJR Tobacco’s, American Snuff’s and Santa Fe’s brands, and an increase in
costs to RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe, resulting in a material adverse effect on RAI’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. RAI believes that such regulation may adversely affect the ability of its operating
subsidiaries to compete against their larger competitor, Altria Group Inc., which may be able to more quickly and cost-effectively comply with these new rules and regulations. The FDA has yet to issue guidance with respect to many provisions of the
FDA Tobacco Act, which may result in less efficient compliance efforts. Finally, the ability of RAI’s operating companies to gain efficient market clearance for new tobacco products could be affected by FDA rules and regulations. 

For a detailed description of the FDA Tobacco Act, see “— Governmental Activity” in “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7. 

RJR Tobacco’s,
American Snuff’s and Santa Fe’s volumes, market share and profitability may be adversely affected by competitive actions and pricing pressures in the marketplace. 

The tobacco industry is highly competitive. Among the major manufacturers, brands primarily compete on product quality, price, brand
recognition, brand imagery and packaging. Substantial marketing support, merchandising display, discounting, promotions and other financial incentives generally are required to maintain or improve a brand’s market position or introduce a new
brand. 

In addition, substantial payment obligations under the State Settlement Agreements adversely affect RJR Tobacco’s
ability to compete with manufacturers of deep-discount cigarettes that are not subject to such substantial obligations. For a more complete description of the State Settlement Agreements, see “— Health-Care Cost Recovery
Cases — State Settlement Agreements” in Item 8, note 13 to consolidated financial statements. 

Increases in commodity prices will increase costs and may reduce profitability. 

Increases in the cost of tobacco leaf, other raw materials and other commodities used in RAI’s operating subsidiaries’ products
could cause profits to decline. 

Certain of RAI’s operating subsidiaries may be required to write down intangible
assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, thus reducing operating profit. 

17 

Table of Contents

Intangible assets include goodwill, trademarks and other intangibles. The determination of
fair value involves considerable estimates and judgment. For goodwill, the determination of fair value of a reporting unit involves, among other things, RAI’s market capitalization, and application of the income approach, which includes
developing forecasts of future cash flows and determining an appropriate discount rate. If goodwill impairment is implied, the fair values of individual assets and liabilities, including unrecorded intangibles, must be determined. RAI believes it
has based its goodwill impairment testing on reasonable estimates and assumptions, and during the annual testing in the fourth quarter of 2012, the estimated fair value of each of RAI’s reporting units was substantially in excess of its
respective carrying value. 

Trademarks and other intangible assets with indefinite lives also are tested for impairment
annually, in the fourth quarter. At December 31, 2012, the aggregate fair value of RAI’s operating units’ trademarks and other intangible assets was substantially in excess of their aggregate carrying value. However, at
December 31, 2012, the individual fair values of seven trademarks were less than 15% in excess of their respective carrying values. The aggregate carrying value of these seven trademarks was $430 million at December 31, 2012. See
Item 8, note 3 to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the intangible asset impairment charges. 

The methodology used to determine the fair value of trademarks includes assumptions with inherent uncertainty, including projected sales
volumes and related projected revenues, long-term growth rates, royalty rates that a market participant might assume and judgments regarding the factors to develop an applied discount rate. 

The carrying value of intangible assets are at risk of impairment if future projected revenues or long-term growth rates are lower than
those currently projected, or if factors used in the development of a discount rate result in the application of a higher discount rate. 

Goodwill, all trademarks and other intangible assets are tested more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The carrying value of these intangible assets could
be impaired if a significant adverse change in the use, life, or brand strategy of the asset is determined, or if a significant adverse change in the legal and regulatory environment, business or competitive climate occurs that would adversely
impact the asset. See Item 8, note 3 to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the impairment charges, including a goodwill impairment charge in connection with the classification of the Lane operations as held for sale in
the fourth quarter of 2010. 

Changes in financial market conditions could result in higher costs and decreased
profitability. 

Changes in financial market conditions could negatively impact RAI’s interest rate risk, foreign
currency exchange rate risk and the return on corporate cash, thus increasing costs and reducing profitability. Due to the adverse conditions in the financial markets, RAI continues to invest excess cash in either low interest funds or near zero
interest funds, thereby lowering interest income. 

Adverse changes in liquidity in the financial markets could result in
additional realized or unrealized losses on investments. 

Adverse changes in the liquidity in the financial markets could
result in additional realized or unrealized losses associated with the value of RAI’s investments, which would negatively impact RAI’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial position. As of December 31, 2012,
$36 million of unrealized losses remain in other comprehensive loss. For more information on investment losses, see Item 8, note 2 to consolidated financial statements. 

Increases in pension expense or pension funding may reduce RAI’s profitability and cash flow. 

RAI’s profitability is affected by the costs of pension benefits available to employees generally hired prior to 2004. Adverse
changes in investment returns earned on pension assets and discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities or changes in required pension funding levels may have an unfavorable impact on

18 

Table of Contents

pension expense and cash flows. During 2012, RAI contributed $110 million to its pension plans and expects to contribute $110 million to its pension plans in 2013. RAI actively seeks to
control increases in pension expense, but there can be no assurance that profitability will not be adversely affected. In addition, changes to pension legislation or changes in pension accounting may adversely affect profitability and cash flow.

RAI and its operating subsidiaries rely on outside suppliers to manage certain non-core business processes. Any
interruption in these services could negatively affect the operations of RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe and harm their reputation and consequently the operations and reputation of RAI. 

In an effort to gain cost efficiencies, RAI and its operating subsidiaries have substantially completed the outsourcing of many of their
non-core business processes. Non-core business processes include, but are not limited to, certain processes relating to information technology, human resources, trucking and facilities. If any of the suppliers fail to perform their obligations in a
timely manner or at a satisfactory quality level, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe may fail to operate effectively and fail to meet shipment demand. 

RAI’s operating subsidiaries rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain direct materials. An interruption in service from any of these suppliers could adversely affect the results of
operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

RAI’s operating subsidiaries rely on a limited number of
suppliers for direct materials. If a supplier fails to meet any of RAI’s operating subsidiary’s demand for direct materials, the operating subsidiary may fail to operate effectively and may fail to meet shipment demand, adversely impacting
RAI’s results of operations. 

Certain of RAI’s operating subsidiaries face a customer concentration risk. The
loss of such a customer would result in a decline in revenue and have an adverse effect on cash flows. 

Revenues from two
distributors, McLane Company, Inc. and Core-Mark International, Inc., comprised approximately 31% and 10%, respectively, of RAI’s consolidated revenues in 2012. The loss of these customers, or a significant decline in their purchases, could
have a material adverse effect on revenue of RAI. 

Fire, violent weather conditions and other disasters may adversely
affect the operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries. 

A major fire, violent weather conditions or other disasters
that affect manufacturing and other facilities of RAI’s operating subsidiaries, or of their suppliers and vendors, could have a material adverse effect on the operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries. Despite RAI’s insurance
coverage for some of these events, a prolonged interruption in the manufacturing operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on the ability of its operating subsidiaries to effectively operate their
businesses. 

The agreement relating to RAI’s credit facility contains restrictive covenants that limit the flexibility
of RAI and its subsidiaries. Breach of those covenants could result in a default under the agreement relating to the facility. 

Restrictions in the agreement relating to RAI’s credit facility limit the ability of RAI and its subsidiaries to obtain future financing, and could impact the ability to withstand a future downturn
in their businesses or the economy in general, conduct operations or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. In addition, if RAI does not comply with these covenants, any indebtedness outstanding under the credit facility
could become immediately due and payable. The lenders under RAI’s credit facility could refuse to lend funds if RAI is not in compliance with the covenants or could terminate the credit facility. If RAI were unable to repay accelerated amounts,
the lenders under RAI’s credit facility could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding or liquidation proceeding. 

19 

Table of Contents

For more information on the restrictive covenants in RAI’s credit facility, see
Item 8, note 11 to consolidated financial statements. 

RAI has substantial long-term debt, which could adversely
affect its financial position and its ability to obtain financing in the future and react to changes in its business. 

Because RAI and RJR have, in the aggregate, principal outstanding notes of $5.0 billion: 

•

 RAI’s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general
corporate purposes, and its ability to satisfy its obligations with respect to its indebtedness, may be impaired in the future; 

•

 a substantial portion of RAI’s cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, thereby
reducing the funds available to it for other purposes; 

•

 RAI may be at a disadvantage compared to its competitors with less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and

•

 RAI’s flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited, and it may be more
vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions or its business, or be unable to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to its growth strategy and its efforts to improve operating margins. 

The ability of RAI to access the debt capital markets could be impaired if the credit rating of its debt securities falls below
investment grade. 

The outstanding notes issued by RAI and RJR are rated investment grade. If RAI’s credit rating
falls below investment grade, RAI may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in such amounts, at the times, at the lower interest rates or upon the more favorable terms and conditions that might be available if its debt was
rated investment grade. In addition, future debt security issuances or other borrowings may be subject to further negative terms, including provisions for collateral or limitations on indebtedness or more restrictive covenants. 

RAI’s credit ratings are influenced by some important factors not entirely within the control of RAI or its affiliates, such as
tobacco litigation, the regulatory environment and the performance of suppliers to RAI’s operating subsidiaries. Moreover, because the kinds of events and contingencies that may impair RAI’s credit ratings and the ability of RAI and its
affiliates to access the debt capital markets are often the same kinds of events and contingencies that could cause RAI and its affiliates to seek to raise additional capital on an urgent basis, RAI and its affiliates may not be able to issue debt
securities or borrow money with acceptable terms, or at all, at the times at which they may most need additional capital. 

For
more complete information on RAI’s borrowing arrangements, see Item 8, notes 11 and 12 to consolidated financial statements. 

B&W’s significant equity interest in RAI could be determinative in matters submitted to a vote by RAI shareholders, resulting in RAI taking actions that RAI’s other shareholders do not
support. B&W also has influence over RAI by virtue of the governance agreement, which requires B&W’s approval before RAI takes certain actions. 

20 

Table of Contents

B&W owns approximately 42% of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock. No other
shareholder owns more than 10% of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock. Unless substantially all of RAI’s public shareholders vote together on matters presented to RAI shareholders, B&W would have the power to determine the outcome of
matters submitted to a shareholder vote, subject to the governance agreement described below. 

Moreover, in connection with
the B&W business combination, RAI, B&W and BAT entered into an agreement, referred to as the governance agreement, relating to various aspects of RAI’s corporate governance. Under the governance agreement, the approval of B&W, as a
RAI shareholder, is required in connection with, among other things, the following matters: 

•

 the sale or transfer of certain RAI intellectual property associated with B&W brands having an international presence, other than in connection
with a sale of RAI; and 

•

 RAI’s adoption of any takeover defense measures that would apply to the acquisition of equity securities of RAI by B&W or its affiliates,
other than the re-adoption of the RAI rights plan in its present form. 

Such influence could result in RAI
taking actions that RAI’s other shareholders do not support. 

Under the governance agreement, B&W is entitled to
nominate certain persons to RAI’s Board, and the approvals of the majority of such persons is required before certain actions may be taken, even though such persons represent less than a majority of the entire Board. In addition, certain
provisions of RAI’s articles of incorporation may create conflicts of interest between RAI and certain of these persons. 

Under the governance agreement, B&W, based upon its current equity stake in RAI, is entitled to nominate five directors to RAI’s Board, at least three of whom are required to be independent
directors and two of whom may be executive officers of BAT or any of its subsidiaries. RAI’s Board currently is composed of 13 persons, including five designees of B&W. Matters requiring the approval of RAI’s Board generally require
the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting. Under the governance agreement, however, the approval of a majority of B&W’s designees on RAI’s Board is required in connection with the following matters:

•

 any issuance of RAI securities in excess of 5% of its outstanding voting stock, unless at such time B&W’s ownership interest in RAI is less
than 32%; and 

•

 any repurchase of RAI common stock, subject to a number of exceptions, unless at such time B&W’s ownership interest in RAI is less than 25%.

As a result, B&W’s designees on RAI’s Board may prevent the foregoing transactions from being
effected, notwithstanding a majority of the entire Board may have voted to approve such transactions. 

Under RAI’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended, referred to as its articles of incorporation, a B&W designated director who is affiliated with, or employed by, BAT or its subsidiaries and affiliates is not required to present a
transaction, relationship, arrangement or other opportunity, all of which are collectively referred to as a business opportunity, to RAI if that business opportunity does not relate primarily to the United States. 

B&W’s significant ownership interest in RAI, and RAI’s shareholder rights plan, classified board of directors and other
anti-takeover defenses could deter acquisition proposals and make it difficult for a third party to acquire control of RAI without the cooperation of B&W. This could have a negative effect on the price of RAI common stock. 

As RAI’s largest shareholder, B&W could vote its shares of RAI common stock against any takeover proposal submitted for
shareholder approval or refuse to accept any tender offer for shares of RAI common 

21 

Table of Contents

stock. This right would make it very difficult for a third party to acquire RAI without B&W consent. In addition, RAI has a shareholder rights plan, a classified board of directors and other
takeover defenses in its articles of incorporation and bylaws. B&W’s ownership interest in RAI and these defenses could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of RAI. These deterrents could
adversely affect the price of RAI common stock and make it very difficult to remove or replace members of the board of directors or management of RAI without cooperation of B&W. 

RAI shareholders may be adversely affected by the July 30, 2014 expiration, or earlier termination, of the “standstill”
provisions in the governance agreement. These events would enable B&W to, among other things, acquire some or all of the shares of RAI common stock not held by B&W or otherwise seek to influence or gain control of RAI, subject to governance
agreement limitations on changes in the composition of RAI’s Board. 

The standstill provisions contained in the
governance agreement generally restrict B&W from acquiring additional shares of RAI common stock, seeking to remove RAI directors not designated by B&W, or taking other specified actions to influence or gain control of RAI. These
restrictions will expire upon the earlier of July 30, 2014, or the date on which a significant transaction (as defined in the governance agreement) is consummated. A significant transaction is generally defined as the acquisition by a third
party or group of 30% or more of the share voting power or consolidated total assets of RAI. 

After the expiration (or earlier
termination) of the standstill period, B&W will be permitted to increase its ownership interest in RAI without limitation, subject to the RAI shareholder rights plan described below. The RAI shareholder rights plan also expires on July 30,
2014, but the RAI Board is permitted under the governance agreement to readopt the existing RAI shareholder rights plan in its present form. However, the existing RAI shareholder rights plan generally exempts B&W from its application.
B&W’s ownership will only be restricted by the RAI shareholder rights plan if all or part of the governance agreement is terminated as described in the following risk factor. See the following risk factors for a summary description of the
rights plan. 

The governance agreement limits B&W representation on the RAI Board to five directors (out of an entire
Board of 13 directors), of whom three must be independent of both RAI and BAT. If B&W’s voting percentage of RAI drops below 32%, B&W’s board representation will be reduced to a level approximately proportionate to its level of all
RAI equity ownership. The governance agreement also requires B&W to vote for the RAI board-proposed slate of director nominees (unless an unaffiliated third party makes a material effort to solicit proxies voting against that slate). These
provisions will remain in effect indefinitely after July 30, 2014, unless all or part of the governance agreement is terminated as described below. 

The governance agreement, as amended, and RAI shareholder rights plan are Exhibits 10.8 through 10.11 and 4.1, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

RAI shareholders may be adversely affected if all or part of the governance agreement were to be terminated because in some
circumstances the standstill, board composition and share transfer restrictions on B&W would no longer apply. These developments could enable B&W to, among other things, acquire some or all of the shares of RAI common stock not held by
B&W, seek additional representation on the RAI Board, replace existing RAI directors, solicit proxies, otherwise influence or gain control of RAI or transfer all or a significant percentage of its shares of RAI common stock to a third party.

The governance agreement provides that it will terminate automatically in its entirety if B&W owns less than 15%,
referred to as a 15% termination, or if any third party or group controls more than 50%, referred to as a third party termination, of the voting power of all RAI shares. In addition, B&W may terminate the governance agreement in its entirety if
B&W nominees proposed in accordance with the governance agreement are not elected to serve on the RAI Board or its committees, referred to as an election termination, or if RAI has deprived B&W nominees of such representation for
“fiduciary” reasons, referred to as a fiduciary termination, or has willfully deprived B&W or its board nominees of any veto rights, referred to as a veto termination. 

22 

Table of Contents

B&W also may terminate the standstill, the obligation to vote its shares of RAI common
stock for Board-proposed director nominees, the restriction on Board representation in excess of proportionate representation and the RAI share transfer restrictions of the governance agreement if RAI willfully and deliberately breaches the
provisions regarding B&W’s Board and Board committee representation, referred to as a willful termination. 

See the
preceding and following risk factors regarding the possible consequences of the termination of the standstill provision as it limits B&W’s ability to acquire additional shares of RAI common stock, to seek to remove RAI directors, or to
otherwise increase its influence over RAI. 

If the share transfer restrictions in the governance agreement are terminated,
there will be no contractual restrictions on B&W’s ability to sell or transfer its shares of RAI common stock on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. These sales or transfers could create a substantial decline
in the price of shares of RAI common stock or, if these sales or transfers were made to a single buyer or group of buyers that own shares of RAI common stock, could result in a third party acquiring control of or influence over RAI. However, any
existing RAI shareholder rights plan could effectively restrict such third party’s acquisition of shares of RAI common stock as described in the following risk factor. 

The RAI shareholder rights plan may effectively restrict the acquisition of beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the shares of RAI common stock. However, absent a termination of all or certain
provisions of the governance agreement, B&W is generally exempt from the application of the rights plan. 

In general
terms, the RAI rights plan imposes a substantial penalty upon any person or group that acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock without the approval of the RAI Board. 

Termination of some or all of the provisions of the governance agreement would have differing effects on the applicability of the rights
plan to B&W. If a 15% termination occurred, the rights plan would fully apply to B&W. If a third party termination occurred, the rights plan would not apply to B&W. If an election termination, a fiduciary termination, or a veto
termination occurred, the rights plan would apply if B&W sought to increase its RAI share ownership above approximately 43% (or higher if the termination occurred after the July 30, 2014 expiration of the standstill provisions and B&W
had acquired ownership of RAI above 43%). If a willful termination occurred, the rights plan would not apply to B&W.