RAI and its subsidiaries operate with certain known risks and
uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on their
operations, some of which are beyond their control. The
following is a description of the most significant risks and
uncertainties:

A $36.3 billion judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco
and a $17.6 billion judgment was entered against B&W in
Engle v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Circuit Court,
Miami-Dade County, Florida, filed May 5, 1994, referred to
as 
Engle. Although this judgment was reversed by an
intermediate appellate court, RJR Tobacco cannot predict the
final outcome of the appellate process. If RJR Tobacco is
unsuccessful in the appeal of these judgments, or the stay of
the judgment is terminated or the Florida bonding cap statute is
overturned, the 
Engle judgment would have a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows

10

Table of Contents

and financial condition of RJR Tobacco, RJR and RAI and the
ability of these entities to continue to operate.

On November 6, 2000, the Circuit Court of Miami-Dade
County, Florida, entered a judgment in favor of the plaintiffs
against RJR Tobacco, B&W and the other cigarette
manufacturer defendants in Engle. Engle is a class-action
case on behalf of Florida residents and citizens and their
survivors alleging personal injury or death due to their
addiction to cigarettes containing nicotine. Under the
court’s judgment, approximately $145 billion in
punitive damages was awarded to the “Florida class”
against all defendants, with approximately $36.3 billion
being assigned to RJR Tobacco and approximately
$17.6 billion being assigned to B&W. In addition,
approximately $12.7 million in compensatory damages was
awarded to the three named class representatives. The judgment
also provides that the awards bear interest at the rate of
10% per year. The defendants, including RJR Tobacco and its
indemnitee, B&W, each posted the statutorily required bond
of $100 million in order to stay the judgment and filed a
notice of appeal.

Three of the defendants in Engle, other than RJR Tobacco
and B&W, entered into agreements with the 
Engle class
to deposit an additional $1.86 billion into separate escrow
accounts to ensure that the stay of execution in effect pursuant
to the Florida bond statute will remain in effect as to these
three defendants throughout the appellate process, regardless of
the results of a challenge, if any, to the Florida bonding cap
statute. RJR Tobacco and B&W did not enter into a similar
agreement with the 
Engle class.

The Engle trial court did not consider compensatory
damages for the estimated remaining 500,000 to 700,000
individual members of the 
Engle class, and there are
significant legal and procedural issues related to the
compensatory damages consideration. Any compensatory damages
awarded would be in addition to the damages previously awarded.

On May 21, 2003, Florida’s Third District Court of
Appeal reversed the trial court’s final judgment and
remanded the case to the Miami-Dade County Circuit Court with
instructions to decertify the class. On October 23, 2003,
the plaintiffs filed a notice seeking review by the Florida
Supreme Court. On May 12, 2004, the Florida Supreme Court
agreed to review the case. Oral argument occurred on
November 3, 2004. Although RJR Tobacco believes it has
substantial grounds to prevail on appeal, RJR Tobacco may not
prevail on appeal. In addition, a court could strike down the
Florida bonding cap statute, and the stay of the judgment could
be lifted. Any requirement that RJR Tobacco pay all or a
substantial portion of the punitive damages award would have a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco, RJR and RAI could be subject to substantial
liabilities from tobacco-related cases.

As of February 3, 2006, 1,280 tobacco-related cases were
pending against RJR Tobacco or its affiliates, including RAI and
RJR and its indemnitees, including B&W: 1,270 in the United
States; five in Puerto Rico; four in Canada and one in Israel.
Of the 1,280 total cases, 35 cases are pending against B&W
that are not also pending against RJR Tobacco, and 964 have been
consolidated for trial on some common related issues in West
Virginia.

In addition, 2,626 cases filed by flight attendants alleging
injury as a result of exposure to secondhand smoke in airline
cabins are pending in Florida against RJR Tobacco or its
affiliates or indemnitees. RJR Tobacco and B&W have
prevailed in five of the first six flight attendant cases to be
tried to verdict. Punitive damages are not recoverable in these
cases, and the majority of the secondhand smoke cases do not
allege injuries of the same magnitude as alleged in other
tobacco-related litigation.

It is likely that similar legal actions, proceedings and claims
arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development,
advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes
will continue to be filed against RJR Tobacco or its affiliates
and indemnitees and other tobacco companies for the foreseeable
future. During the fourth quarter of 2005, four tobacco-related
cases were served against RJR Tobacco or its affiliates or
indemnitees. Victories by plaintiffs in highly publicized cases
against RJR Tobacco and other tobacco companies regarding the
health effects of smoking may stimulate further claims. A
material increase in the number of pending claims could
significantly increase defense costs and have a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition of RJR Tobacco and consequently, of RAI. In

11

Table of Contents

addition, adverse outcomes in pending cases could have adverse
effects on the ability of RJR Tobacco and its indemnitees,
including B&W, to prevail in smoking and health litigation.

Punitive damages, often in amounts ranging into the billions of
dollars, are specifically pled in a number of the pending cases
in addition to compensatory and other damages. An unfavorable
resolution of certain of these actions could have a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI.

In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, referred to as GAAP, RAI and RJR
Tobacco record any loss related to tobacco litigation at such
time as an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount
can be reasonably estimated. RAI’s management continues to
conclude that the loss of any particular pending smoking and
health tobacco litigation claim against RJR Tobacco or its
affiliates or indemnitees, including B&W, when viewed on an
individual basis, is not probable. RJR Tobacco and its
affiliates believe that they have a number of valid defenses to
the tobacco-related litigation claims against them, as well as
valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts against them. RAI,
RJR Tobacco and their respective affiliates and
indemnitees, have, through their counsel, filed pleadings and
memoranda in pending tobacco-related litigation that set forth
and discuss a number of grounds and defenses that they and their
counsel believe have a valid basis in law and fact. Based on
their experience in the tobacco-related litigation against them
and the strength of the defenses available to them in such
litigation, RJR Tobacco and its affiliates believe that
their successful defense of tobacco-related litigation in the
past will continue in the future. Therefore, no liability for
pending smoking and health tobacco litigation currently is
recorded in RAI’s consolidated financial statements. You
should not infer from the absence of any such reserve in
RAI’s financial statements that RAI will not be subject to
significant tobacco-related liabilities in the future. In
addition, RJR has liabilities totaling $94 million that
were recorded in 1999 in connection with certain indemnification
claims asserted by Japan Tobacco Inc., referred to as JTI,
against RJR and RJR Tobacco, relating to the activities of
Northern Brands International, Inc. (an inactive, indirect
subsidiary of RAI involved in the international tobacco business
that was sold to JTI in 1999) and related litigation.

RJR Tobacco could be subject to substantial liabilities from
claims asserted by the U.S. Department of Justice.

On September 22, 1999, the U.S. Department of Justice
brought an action against RJR Tobacco, B&W and other tobacco
companies in the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia. The government initially sought to recover funds
expended by the federal government in providing health care to
smokers who have developed diseases and injuries alleged to be
smoking-related. In addition, the government sought, pursuant to
the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act,
referred to as RICO, disgorgement of profits the government
contends were earned as a consequence of a RICO racketeering
“enterprise.” In September 2000, the court dismissed
the government’s claims asserted under the Medical Care
Recovery Act as well as those under the Medicare as Secondary
Payer provisions of the Social Security Act, but did not dismiss
the RICO claims. In February 2005, the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled that disgorgement is
not an available remedy in this case. This ruling limits the
government’s potential remedies principally to
forward-looking relief, including measures such as those already
included in the MSA. The government’s petition for panel
rehearing and for rehearing en banc was denied in April 2005. On
July 18, 2005, the government filed a petition for writ of
certiorari with the United States Supreme Court, which was
denied on October 17, 2005. The bench (non-jury) trial
began in September 2004, and closing arguments concluded
June 10, 2005. Also on June 10, 2005, the judge
ordered that the parties file a variety of post-trial
submissions. On July 22, 2005, Judge Kessler granted a
motion to intervene filed by six organizations, including the
American Cancer Society, to allow them to “contribute their
perspective on what appropriate and legally permissible remedies
may be imposed should liability be found.” On
August 15, 2005, the parties filed their proposed findings
of fact. Post-trial briefing was completed on October 9,
2005. An adverse outcome in this case could have a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition of RJR Tobacco and consequently, of RAI.

12

Table of Contents

RJR Tobacco could be subject to substantial liabilities from
lawsuits based on claims that smokers were misled through its
marketing of “light,” “ultra light” and
“low-tar” cigarettes.

Class-action suits have been filed in a number of states against
individual cigarette manufacturers and their parent
corporations, alleging that the use of the terms
“lights” and “ultra lights” constitutes
unfair and deceptive trade practices. Eleven such suits are
pending against RJR Tobacco or its affiliates, including RAI and
RJR, and indemnitees, including B&W, in state or federal
courts in Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, New
York and Washington.

A “lights” class-action case is pending in Madison
County, Illinois against RJR Tobacco’s competitor, Philip
Morris, Inc. Trial of the case against Philip Morris,
Price v. Philip Morris, Inc., formerly known as

Miles v. Philip Morris, Inc., began in January 2003.
In March 2003, the trial judge entered judgment against Philip
Morris in the amount of $7.1 billion in compensatory
damages and $3 billion in punitive damages to the State of
Illinois. Based on Illinois law, the bond required to stay
execution of the judgment was set initially at $12 billion.
Because of the difficulty of posting a bond of that magnitude,
Philip Morris pursued various avenues of relief from the
$12 billion bond requirement. In April 2003, the trial
judge reduced the amount of bond. The plaintiffs appealed the
judge’s decision to reduce the amount of the bond. In July
2003, the appeals court ruled that the trial judge exceeded his
authority in reducing the bond and ordered the trial judge to
reinstate the original bond. In September 2003, the Illinois
Supreme Court ordered that the reduced bond be reinstated and
agreed to hear Philip Morris’ appeal without need for
intermediate appellate court review. On December 15, 2005,
the Illinois Supreme Court reversed the lower state court’s
decision and sent the case back to the lower court with
instructions to dismiss the case. On January 5, 2006, the
plaintiffs filed a petition for rehearing.

Although RJR Tobacco and RJR are not defendants in the Price
case, they are defendants in a similar class-action case,

Turner v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., also brought
in Madison County, Illinois. The class certified in this case
consists of persons who purchased certain brands of
“light” cigarettes manufactured and sold by RJR
Tobacco during a specified time period. On October 24,
2003, a justice on the Illinois Supreme Court ordered an
emergency stay of all proceedings pending review by the entire
Illinois Supreme Court of RJR Tobacco’s emergency
stay/supremacy order request filed on October 15, 2003. On
November 5, 2003, the Illinois Supreme Court granted RJR
Tobacco’s motion for a stay pending the court’s final
appeal decision in 
Price. B&W is a defendant in a
similar class-action case, 
Howard v. Brown &
Williamson Tobacco Corporation, also brought in Madison
County, Illinois. On June 6, 2003, the trial judge issued
an order staying all proceedings pending resolution of the

Price case. The plaintiffs appealed this stay order to
the Illinois Fifth District Court of Appeals, which heard oral
argument on October 7, 2003. The Court of Appeals affirmed
the Circuit Court’s stay order on August 19, 2005.

In the event RJR Tobacco and its affiliates and indemnitees lose
the Turner or 
Howard cases, or one or more of the
other pending “lights” class-action suits, RJR Tobacco
could face bonding difficulties similar to the difficulties
faced by Philip Morris in 
Price depending upon the amount
of damages ordered, if any, which could have a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition of RJR Tobacco and consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco could be subject to substantial liabilities from
tobacco-related antitrust lawsuits.

RJR Tobacco and its indemnitees, including B&W, and certain
of their subsidiaries are defendants in multiple actions
alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws,
including allegations that the major U.S. cigarette
manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco and B&W, conspired to
fix cigarette prices. An adverse outcome in any of these cases
could have a material adverse effect on the results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco
and consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco’s retail market share has declined in recent
years and is expected to continue to decline for the medium
term; any continuation in the decline beyond the medium term
could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI.

According to data from IRI, the combined share of RJR Tobacco
and B&W of the U.S. cigarette retail market declined to
29.98% in 2005 from 30.82% in 2004 and 32.09% in 2003,
continuing a trend in effect for

13

Table of Contents

several years. While RJR Tobacco expects this trend to continue
for the medium term, at the beginning of 2005, RJR Tobacco
implemented a new brand portfolio marketing strategy, which RJR
Tobacco expects, over a four to six-year time frame, will result
in growth in total RJR Tobacco market share. If this new
marketing strategy is unsuccessful and the decline in RJR
Tobacco’s market share continues beyond the medium term,
this could adversely affect the results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently,
of RAI. You should not rely on this market share data as being a
precise measurement of actual market share because IRI is not
able to effectively track the volume of all deep-discount
brands, gray market imports and sales through alternative
channels. Accordingly, the retail share of market of RJR Tobacco
as reported above may overstate its actual market share.

RAI believes deep-discount brands made by small manufacturers in
recent years have proliferated and have increased their combined
market share of 13% to 15% of U.S. industry unit sales.
Because these small manufacturers generally do not make payments
under the MSA and other state settlement agreements to the same
extent as the original participating manufacturers, these
manufacturers have a substantial cost advantage over RJR
Tobacco. In response to deep-discount pricing and other pricing
pressures in the marketplace, such as increased cigarette state
excise taxes, the major manufacturers have increased promotional
spending significantly and, in some cases, lowered their
wholesale list prices. These factors have had and could continue
to have a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco and
consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco has substantial payment obligations under the MSA
and other litigation settlement agreements, which materially
adversely affects its ability to compete against manufacturers
of deep-discount cigarettes that are not subject to these
obligations.

On November 23, 1998, the major U.S. manufacturers of
tobacco products, including RJR Tobacco and B&W, entered
into the MSA with 46 states and other U.S. territories
to settle the asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery
and certain other claims of those states and territories. RJR
Tobacco, B&W and the other major U.S. tobacco
manufacturers previously had settled similar claims brought by
four other states.

The aggregate cash payments made by RJR Tobacco under the MSA
and other state settlement agreements were $2.7 billion,
$2.0 billion and $1.8 billion in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. These amounts do not include payments made in
connection with B&W’s U.S. brands prior to
July 30, 2004. RJR Tobacco estimates its payments will be
approximately $2.6 billion in each of 2006 and 2007 and
will exceed $2.7 billion thereafter, subject to adjustment
as discussed elsewhere herein. These payments make it difficult
for RJR Tobacco to compete with certain manufacturers of
deep-discount cigarettes. The manufacturers of deep discount
brands are either subsequent participating manufacturers or
non-participating manufacturers to the MSA. As such, they have
lower payment obligations than do the original participating
manufacturers, allowing them to price their products lower than
the original participating manufacturers. This pricing, in turn,
may require higher levels of discounting and promotional support
by RJR Tobacco as part of its efforts to defend its existing
brands, attract adult smokers of competitive brands and launch
new brands. RAI believes that these settlement obligations may
materially adversely affect the results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently,
of RAI. The degree of the adverse impact will depend, among
other things, on the rate of decline in U.S. cigarette
sales in the premium and discount categories,
RJR Tobacco’s share of the domestic premium and
discount cigarette categories, and the effect of any resulting
cost advantage of manufacturers not subject to the MSA and other
state settlement agreements.

RAI’s operating subsidiaries have substantial payment
obligations under the Fair and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act.

On October 22, 2004, the President signed the Fair and
Equitable Tobacco Reform Act of 2004, referred to as FETRA,
eliminating the U.S. government’s tobacco production
controls and price support program. The buyout of tobacco quota
holders provided for in FETRA is funded by a direct quarterly
assessment on every tobacco product manufacturer and importer,
on a market-share basis measured on volume to which federal
excise tax is applied. The aggregate cost of the buyout to the
industry is approximately $9.9 billion, including
approximately $9.6 billion payable to quota tobacco holders
and growers through industry assessments over ten years and
approximately $290 million for the liquidation of quota
tobacco stock.

14

Table of Contents

The MSA provided for the establishment of a $5.15 billion
trust fund to be divided among the states that produce cigarette
tobacco to compensate tobacco growers and quota holders for any
negative effects that the MSA might have on them — MSA
participants’ payment obligations with respect to this fund
are referred to as “Phase II” obligations. As a
result of the tobacco buyout legislation, the MSA Phase II
obligations established in 1999 will be continued as scheduled
through the end of 2010, but will be offset against the tobacco
quota buyout obligations. RAI’s operating
subsidiaries’ annual expense under FETRA, excluding the
tobacco stock liquidation assessment, is estimated to be
approximately $260 million. RAI’s operating
subsidiaries have incurred $81 million in 2005 related to
assessments from quota tobacco stock liquidation. Of this
amount, approximately $25 million has been paid through the
fourth quarter of 2005, and the remaining amount is scheduled to
be paid, quarterly, by December 31, 2006. RAI’s
operating subsidiaries estimate that their overall share of the
buyout will approximate $2.4 billion to $2.9 billion
prior to the deduction of permitted offsets under the MSA.

FETRA’s substantial buyout payment obligations could
negatively affect the profits and cash flows of RJR Tobacco and
RAI’s other operating subsidiaries and could adversely
affect sales if price increases are required to offset the
obligations.

The assumption of certain of B&W’s historical and
future liabilities has exposed RJR Tobacco and its subsidiaries
to significant additional potential liabilities associated with
the cigarette and tobacco industry.

In connection with the combination of RJR Tobacco and the
U.S. assets, liabilities and operations of B&W on
July 30, 2004, RJR Tobacco agreed to indemnify B&W and
its affiliates for B&W’s historic and future
liabilities related to the contributed business, including all
tobacco-related litigation and all post-closing liabilities
under the MSA and other state settlement agreements with respect
to B&W’s U.S. cigarette and tobacco business.
These liabilities could expose RJR Tobacco to material losses,
which would materially adversely affect the results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco
and, consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco is dependent on the U.S. cigarette business,
which it expects to continue to decline.

The international rights to substantially all of RJR
Tobacco’s brands were sold in 1999 to JTI. In connection
with this sale, RJR Tobacco also agreed that, prior to its use
or license outside the United States of any trademarks or other
intellectual property relating to its manufacture or sale of
tobacco products, RJR Tobacco would first negotiate in good
faith with JTI with respect to JTI’s acquisition or
licensing of such trademarks or intellectual property. In
addition, in connection with the business combination, RAI
entered into a non-competition agreement with BAT under which
RAI’s operating subsidiaries generally are prohibited,
subject to certain exceptions, from manufacturing and marketing
certain tobacco products outside the United States until July
2009. Consequently, RJR Tobacco is dependent on the
U.S. cigarette market. As a result of price increases,
restrictions on advertising and promotions, funding by
U.S. manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, of smoking
prevention campaigns, increases in regulation and excise taxes,
health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of
smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other
factors, U.S. cigarette consumption has generally been
declining, and it is expected to continue to decline, which
could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition of RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of
RAI. U.S. cigarette shipments as tracked by MSAi decreased
at a compound annual rate of 1.6% from 1987 through 1997. After
declining 4.6% in 1998 and 9% in 1999, shipments remained
relatively stable in 2000, declined 3.2% in 2001, 3.7% in 2002,
5.1% in 2003 and 1.8% in 2004. In 2005, shipments declined 3.4%
to 381.0 billion units.

RAI’s operating subsidiaries are subject to significant
limitations on advertising and marketing cigarettes that could
harm the value of their existing brands or their ability to
launch new brands.

Television and radio advertisements of tobacco products have
been prohibited in the United States since 1971. Under the MSA,
RAI’s operating subsidiaries, including RJR Tobacco, cannot
use billboard advertising, cartoon characters, sponsorship of
certain events, non-tobacco merchandise bearing their brand
names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. In
addition, the MSA prohibits the targeting of youth in
advertising, promotion or marketing of tobacco products.
Although these restrictions were intended to

15

Table of Contents

ensure that tobacco advertising was not aimed at young people,
some of the restrictions also may limit the ability of
RAI’s operating subsidiaries to communicate with adult
smokers. For example, RAI’s operating subsidiaries only
advertise their cigarettes in magazines in which the vast
majority of readers are adults 18 years of age or older.
Additional restrictions may be imposed legislatively or agreed
to in the future. Recent proposals have included limiting
tobacco advertising to black-and-white, text-only
advertisements. These limitations may make it difficult to
maintain the value of existing brands. Moreover, these
limitations could significantly impair the ability of RAI’s
operating subsidiaries to launch new premium brands.

The cigarette industry is subject to substantial and
increasing regulation and taxation, which has a negative effect
on sales volume and profitability.

A wide variety of federal, state and local laws limit the
advertising, sale and use of cigarettes, and these laws have
proliferated in recent years. For example, many local laws
prohibit smoking in restaurants and other public places. Private
businesses also have adopted regulations that prohibit or
restrict, or are intended to discourage, smoking. This trend has
had, and is likely to continue to have, a material adverse
effect on the sales, volumes, operating income and cash flows of
RJR Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI.

Cigarettes are subject to substantial and increasing excise
taxes in the United States. The federal excise tax per pack of
20 cigarettes is $0.39. All states and the District of Columbia
currently impose excise taxes at levels ranging from
$0.07 per pack in South Carolina to $2.46 in Rhode Island.
During 2005, seven states increased their excise taxes. After
consideration of these actions, the weighted average state
cigarette excise tax per pack, calculated on a
12-month rolling
average, is $0.783. Several states have pending legislation
proposing excise tax increases. In 2006, increased excise taxes
are likely to result in declines in overall sales volume and
shifts by consumers to less expensive brands. Both of these
results could have a material adverse effect on the results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco
and, consequently, of RAI.

In 1996, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, referred to
as the FDA, published regulations that would have severely
restricted cigarette advertising and promotion, and limited the
manner in which tobacco products could be sold. On
March 21, 2000, the U.S. Supreme Court held that
Congress did not give the FDA authority to regulate tobacco
products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and,
accordingly, the FDA’s assertion of jurisdiction over
tobacco products was impermissible under that act. Since the
Supreme Court decision, various proposals have been made for
federal and state legislation to regulate cigarettes. A
presidential commission appointed by former President Clinton
issued a final report on May 14, 2001, recommending that
the FDA be given authority by Congress to regulate the
manufacture, sale, distribution and labeling of tobacco products
to protect public health. In addition, congressional advocates
of FDA regulation have introduced legislation for
consideration by Congress.

Additional federal or state regulation relating to the
manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising, labeling and
mandatory ingredients disclosure of tobacco products could
reduce sales, increase costs and have a material adverse effect
on the business of the operating subsidiaries of RAI. Extensive
and inconsistent regulation by multiple states could prove to be
particularly disruptive to the business of RJR Tobacco. These
factors could have a material adverse effect on RAI’s
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Various state governments have adopted or are considering
adopting legislation establishing fire safety standards for
cigarettes. Compliance with this legislation could be
burdensome. In June 2000, the New York State legislature passed
legislation charging the state’s Office of Fire Prevention
and Control, referred to as the OFPC, with developing standards
for “fire-safe” or self-extinguishing cigarettes. On
December 31, 2003, OFPC issued a final standard with
accompanying regulations that requires all cigarettes offered
for sale in New York State after June 28, 2004, to achieve
specified test results when placed on ten layers of filter paper
in controlled laboratory conditions. The cigarettes that
RAI’s operating companies sell in New York State comply
with this standard. In 2005, California and Vermont each enacted
fire-safe legislation of its own, adopting the same testing
standard set forth in the OFPC regulations described above. This
requirement will take effect in Vermont on May 1, 2006, and
in California on January 1, 2007. Similar legislation is
being considered in a number of other states. Varying standards
from state to state could have an adverse effect on the business
or results of operations of RJR Tobacco.

16

Table of Contents

RJR Tobacco’s volumes, market share and profitability
may be adversely affected by competitive actions and pricing
pressures in the marketplace.

The cigarette industry is highly competitive. Among the major
manufacturers, brands primarily compete on such elements as
product quality, price, brand recognition, brand imagery and
packaging. Substantial marketing support, merchandising display,
competitive pricing and other financial incentives generally are
required to maintain or improve a brand’s market position
or introduce a new brand. Increased selling prices from higher
cigarette taxes and settlement costs have resulted in increased
competitive discounting and the proliferation of deep-discount
brands.

If RJR Tobacco is not able to develop, produce or
commercialize new products and technologies required by
regulatory changes or changes in adult consumer preferences,
sales and profitability could be adversely affected.

Consumer health concerns and changes in regulations are likely
to require RJR Tobacco to introduce new products or make
substantial changes to existing products. If RJR Tobacco is not
able to develop, produce or commercialize new products and
technologies required by regulatory changes or changes in adult
consumer preferences, sales and profitability could be adversely
affected.

Similarly, RAI believes that there may be increasing pressure
from public health authorities and consumers to develop a
conventional cigarette or an alternative cigarette that provides
a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse health effects. RJR
Tobacco may not be able to develop a reduced risk product that
is broadly acceptable to adult consumers in a cost-effective
manner, or at all. The costs associated with developing new
products and technologies, as well as the inability to develop
acceptable products in response to competitive conditions or
regulatory requirements, may have a material adverse effect on
RAI’s results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition.

Fire, violent weather conditions and other disasters may
adversely affect the operations of RAI’s operating
subsidiaries.

A major fire, violent weather conditions or other disasters that
affect the manufacturing facilities of RAI’s operating
subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on the
operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries. Although RAI
has insurance coverage for some of these events, a prolonged
interruption in the manufacturing operations of RAI’s
operating subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on
the ability of its operating subsidiaries to effectively operate
their businesses.

The integration of RJR Tobacco and B&W’s
U.S. cigarette and tobacco business may not result in
RAI’s realization of all of the anticipated benefits of the
business combination.

The business combination of RJR Tobacco and B&W’s
U.S. cigarette and tobacco business, which occurred in July
2004, involves the integration of two businesses that previously
operated independently, each with its own business, products,
customers, employees, culture and systems. The ultimate success
of the business combination will depend, in part, on the
successful integration of the two businesses and realization of
the anticipated synergies and cost savings from the integration.
The integration is not fully complete, and there is no assurance
that RAI will realize all of the anticipated benefits or achieve
these benefits within the anticipated time frame.

The failure to timely and efficiently complete the integration
of RJR Tobacco and B&W’s U.S. cigarette and
tobacco businesses could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and operating results of RJR
Tobacco and, consequently, of RAI.

RJR Tobacco now depends on third-party suppliers for its
tobacco packaging materials requirements; if the supply of
tobacco packaging materials from the suppliers is interrupted,
or the quality of the packaging declines, RJR Tobacco’s
packaging costs and sales could be negatively affected.

On May 2, 2005, RJR Tobacco and RJR Packaging, LLC, a
wholly owned subsidiary of RJR Tobacco, referred to as RJR
Packaging, sold the assets and business of RJR Packaging to five
packaging companies. In

17

Table of Contents

connection with this sale, RJR Tobacco entered into agreements
with four of the purchasers, pursuant to which those companies
will supply RJR Tobacco with certain of its tobacco packaging
materials requirements.

As a result of the sale of RJR Packaging’s operations and
the supply agreements, RJR Tobacco is now dependent upon third
parties for its packaging requirements. Now that RJR Tobacco no
longer controls the supply of its packaging materials, the risks
of an interruption in that supply, or a decline in the quality
of the packaging materials, may have increased. If the supply of
packaging materials is interrupted, RJR Tobacco’s own
shipments of tobacco products could be materially slowed, which
could decrease sales. A decline in the quality of the packaging
materials could also negatively affect sales.

If RJR Tobacco had to seek alternate suppliers, particularly on
an urgent basis, there is no guarantee that RJR Tobacco could
find alternate suppliers willing or able to supply packaging
materials at the same cost or quality as RJR Tobacco could
obtain from the purchasers of the RJR Packaging business on a
timely basis, if at all. If, as a result of securing an
alternate supply of packaging materials, RJR Tobacco’s
packaging costs increased, its profits could consequently
decrease, or if RJR Tobacco were obliged to increase the price
of its products to compensate for increased packaging costs, its
sales could decrease. Sales could also be negatively affected if
the quality of packaging from the alternate suppliers is
inferior to the quality available from the purchasers of RJR
Packaging’s operations.

Any increase in RJR Tobacco’s packaging costs or decrease
in its sales could materially adversely affect the results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition of RJR Tobacco
and, consequently, of RAI.

The ability of RJR to access the debt capital markets could
be impaired because of its credit rating.

In 2003, Moody’s and S&P downgraded their ratings of
RJR’s long-term debt below investment grade. Because of
these ratings, in the future RJR may not be able to sell its
debt securities or borrow money in such amounts, at the times,
at the lower interest rates or upon the more favorable terms and
conditions that might otherwise be available to RJR if its debt
was rated investment grade. The downgrading of RJR’s debt
in 2003 obligated RAI and certain of RJR’s subsidiaries to
guarantee RJR’s obligations under RJR’s revolving
credit facility and debt securities issued under RJR’s 1999
and 2002 indentures, and obligated RJR, RAI and these
subsidiaries to pledge certain of their assets, including
RJR’s stock in RJR Tobacco, to secure their obligations
under RJR’s revolving credit facility and these debt
securities. RJR’s below-investment grade credit rating may
make it more difficult for RJR to obtain future debt financing
on an unsecured basis. In addition, future debt security
issuances or other borrowings may be subject to further negative
terms, including limitations on indebtedness or similar
restrictive covenants, particularly if RJR’s ratings
decline further.

RJR’s credit ratings are influenced by some important
factors not entirely within the control of RJR or its
affiliates, such as tobacco litigation and the regulatory
environment. Moreover, because the kinds of events and
contingencies that impair RJR’s credit ratings and the
ability of RJR and its affiliates to access the debt capital
markets are often the same kinds of events and contingencies
that could cause RJR and its affiliates to seek to raise
additional capital on an urgent basis, RJR and its affiliates
may not be able to issue debt securities or borrow money upon
acceptable terms, or at all, at the times at which they may most
need additional capital.

RJR’s revolving credit facility contains restrictive
covenants that may limit the flexibility of RAI and of RJR and
its subsidiaries, and breach of those covenants may result in a
default under the agreements relating to the facility.

RJR’s revolving credit facility limits, and in some
circumstances prohibits, the ability of RAI and of RJR and its
subsidiaries to, among other things:

• 

 incur additional debt;

• 

 pay dividends;

• 

 make capital expenditures, investments or other restricted
 payments;

• 

 engage in sale-leaseback transactions;

• 

 guarantee debt;

18

Table of Contents

• 

 engage in transactions with shareholders and affiliates;

• 

 create liens;

• 

 sell assets;

• 

 issue or sell capital stock of subsidiaries; and

• 

 engage in mergers and acquisitions.

These restrictions could limit the ability of RJR and its
subsidiaries to obtain future financing, make acquisitions or
needed capital expenditures, withstand a future downturn in its
business or the economy in general, conduct operations or
otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may
arise. In addition, if RJR does not comply with these covenants
and with financial covenants in its revolving credit facility
that require it to maintain certain minimum financial ratios,
any indebtedness outstanding under the facility could become
immediately due and payable. In addition, the lenders under
RJR’s revolving credit facility could refuse to lend funds
if RJR is not in compliance with the covenants or could
terminate the facility. If RJR were unable to repay accelerated
amounts, the lenders under RJR’s revolving credit facility
could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding or liquidation
proceeding, or proceed against any collateral securing that
indebtedness.