RAI and its subsidiaries operate with certain known risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on their results of
operations, cash flows and financial position. The risks below are not the only ones that could impact RAI and its subsidiaries. Additional risks not currently known or currently considered immaterial also could affect RAI’s business. You
should carefully consider the following risk factors in connection with other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents filed with the SEC. 

Adverse litigation outcomes could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI.
Additionally, RAI’s operating subsidiaries could be subject to substantial liabilities and bonding difficulties from litigation related to cigarette products or smokeless tobacco products, which could also have an adverse effect on their
results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co. and their affiliates, including
RAI, and indemnitees, including B&W, have been named in a large number of tobacco-related legal actions, proceedings or claims. The claimants seek recovery on a variety of legal theories, including negligence, strict liability in tort, design
defect, failure to warn, fraud, misrepresentation, unfair trade practices, conspiracy, medical monitoring and violations of state and federal antitrust laws. Various forms of relief are sought, including compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages in amounts ranging in some cases into the hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars. 

The tobacco-related legal
actions range from individual lawsuits to class-actions and other aggregate claim lawsuits. In particular, class-action suits have been filed in a number of states against individual cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, and their parents,
including RAI, alleging that the use of the terms “lights” and “ultra-lights” constitutes unfair and deceptive trade practices. In 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and
Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s regulation of “tar” and nicotine disclosures preempts (or bars) such claims. This ruling limits certain defenses available to RJR Tobacco and other cigarette manufacturers and has led
to the filing of additional lawsuits. In the event RJR Tobacco and its affiliates and indemnitees lose one or more of the pending “lights” class-action suits, RJR Tobacco, depending upon the amount of any damages ordered, could face
difficulties in its ability to pay the judgment or obtain any bond required to stay execution of the judgment. 

In Engle v.
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, while determining that the case could not proceed further as a class action, permitted members of the 
Engle class to file individual claims, including claims for
punitive damages, through January 11, 2008. The decision preserved several of the 
Engle jury findings for use in adjudicating these subsequent individual actions, which are now known as 
Engle Progeny cases. As of December 31,
2013, RJR Tobacco had been served in 5,131 
Engle Progeny cases filed on behalf of approximately 6,323 plaintiffs. Many of these cases are in active discovery or nearing trial. In all 
Engle Progeny cases tried to date, a central issue
has been the proper use of the preserved 
Engle findings. RJR Tobacco has argued that use of the 
Engle findings to establish individual elements of claims (such as defect, negligence and concealment) is a violation of federal due
process. In 2013, both the Florida Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit rejected that argument. 

The Engle Progeny cases have resulted in increased litigation and trial activity, including an increased number of adverse
verdicts, and increased expenses. To date, RJR Tobacco had paid $20,708,000 in compensatory damages and $62,380,000 in punitive damages, for a total of $83,088,000 in these cases. In addition, outstanding jury verdicts in favor of the 
Engle
Progeny plaintiffs had been entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $111,459,200 in compensatory damages (as adjusted) and in the amount of $120,965,000 in punitive damages, for a total of $232,424,200. All of these verdicts are in various
stages in the appellate process. Although RJR Tobacco cannot currently predict when or how much it may be required to pay, RJR Tobacco will likely be required to pay additional judgments as the litigation proceeds. For a more complete

15 

Table of Contents

description of this litigation, see “— Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry — Engle and 
Engle Progeny Cases” in Item 8, note 11 to consolidated
financial statements. 

Also, the consolidated action, In re: Tobacco Litigation Individual Personal Injury Cases, is
pending in West Virginia, against both RJR Tobacco and B&W. On April 15, 2013, the Phase I jury trial began and ended with a virtually complete defense verdict on May 15, 2013. The only claim remaining after the verdict was the
jury’s finding that all ventilated filter cigarettes manufactured and sold between 1964 and July 1, 1969 were defective for a failure to instruct. The court entered judgment in October 2013, dismissing all claims lost by the plaintiffs and
purporting to make those claims and all of the jury rulings immediately subject to appeal. The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals in November 2013, with briefing expected to occur during the first
quarter of 2014. The defendants did not file a notice of appeal on the ventilated filter finding, but retained the right to file a cross appeal on that issue in response to the plaintiff’s initial brief. For additional information, see
“— Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry — West Virginia IPIC” in Item 8, note 11 to consolidated financial statements. 

It is likely that legal actions, proceedings and claims arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes and smokeless
tobacco products will continue to be filed against RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., or their affiliates and indemnitees and other tobacco companies for the foreseeable future. 

Victories by plaintiffs in highly publicized cases against RJR Tobacco and other tobacco companies regarding the health effects of smoking may stimulate further claims. A material increase in the number
of pending claims could significantly increase defense costs. In addition, adverse outcomes in pending cases could have adverse effects on the ability of RJR Tobacco and its indemnitees, including B&W, to prevail in other smoking and health
litigation. 

Any or all of the events described above could impose substantial monetary obligations on RAI and its operating
subsidiaries and could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of these companies and RAI. For a more complete description of the above cases and other significant litigation involving RAI and its
operating subsidiaries, including RJR Tobacco and American Snuff Co., see “— Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry” and “— Smokeless Tobacco Litigation” in Item 8, note 11 to consolidated
financial statements. 

The verdict and order in the case brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, while not final,
could subject RJR Tobacco to significant compliance costs and adversely affect the sales of RJR Tobacco’s products, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI.

In 1999, the U.S. Department of Justice brought an action against RJR Tobacco, B&W and other tobacco companies.
The government sought, in addition to other remedies, pursuant to the civil provisions of the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, referred to as RICO, disgorgement of profits in an amount of approximately $280 billion,
which the government contends have been earned as a consequence of a RICO racketeering “enterprise.” In 2006, the court found certain defendants, including RJR Tobacco, liable for the RICO claims, but did not impose any direct financial
penalties. Instead, the court, among other things, enjoined the defendants from committing future racketeering acts, participating in certain trade organizations, making misrepresentations concerning smoking and health and youth marketing, and using
certain brand descriptors such as “low tar,” “light,” “ultra light,” “mild” and “natural,” and ordered the defendants to issue “corrective communications” on five subjects, including
smoking and health and addiction. 

Both sides appealed. In 2009, the Court of Appeals affirmed in part the trial court’s
order and remanded the case for further proceedings. Both sides’ petitions for writ of certiorari from the U.S. Supreme Court were denied in June 2010, including the DOJ’s request for review of the district court’s denial of the
government’s request for 

16 

Table of Contents

disgorgement of profits and certain other remedies. In November 2012, the trial court specified the text of the “corrective statements” that it has ordered the defendants to
disseminate, which order is subject to a pending notice of appeal. The court also ordered the parties to enter mediation on a number of issues related to the implementation of the “corrective-statements” remedy. The mediation process has
largely concluded, and the parties have jointly filed a motion seeking entry of a consent order to govern implementation issues. Further proceedings are pending before the trial court to determine whether those “corrective statements” will
have to be displayed at retail points-of-sale. Implementation of the “corrective-statements” remedy could cause RJR Tobacco to incur significant compliance costs and there could be an adverse effect on the sales of its products which could
have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

For a more
complete description of this case, including the $10 million accrued for the estimated costs of corrective communications, see “— Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases — U.S. Department of Justice Case” in Item 8,
note 11 to consolidated financial statements. 

Significant monetary obligations imposed under the State Settlement
Agreements, the size of which are subject to suits challenging several arbitration awards favorable to RJR Tobacco, could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

In 1998, RJR Tobacco, B&W and the other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers entered into a Master Settlement Agreement, referred to as
the MSA, with attorneys general representing most U.S. states, territories and possessions. The State Settlement Agreements, of which the MSA is the most wide-reaching, impose a perpetual stream of future payment obligations on RJR Tobacco and the
other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, and place significant restrictions on their ability to market and sell tobacco products in the future. They have materially adversely affected RJR Tobacco’s shipment volumes, and they are expected to
have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI in future periods. 

RJR Tobacco and certain other PMs are involved in an arbitration with certain of the settling states with respect to the availability of the NPM Adjustment for market year 2003. RJR Tobacco disputed a
total of $4.7 billion in potential NPM Adjustment claims for the years 2003 through 2012. 

RJR Tobacco, certain other PMs
and certain “signatory” states are parties to a binding Term Sheet that sets forth terms resolving accrued and potential NPM Adjustment claims for 2003 through 2012. The Term Sheet also sets forth a restructured NPM Adjustment process to
be applied on a going-forward basis, starting with the 2013 volume year. The Arbitration Panel for the 2003 NPM Adjustment dispute entered a Stipulated Partial Settlement and Award, reflecting the financial terms of the Term Sheet. As of
December 31, 2013, a total of 20 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, have joined the settlement. Under the settlement, RJR Tobacco is to receive more than $1 billion worth of credits, a portion of which have been applied to its
MSA payments in 2013, and the remainder is to be applied over the following four years. Motions have been filed by 14 non-signatory states, in their respective MSA courts, as of December 31, 2013, to vacate or modify this settlement. If one or
more courts grant such a motion, that could, depending on the basis and extent of the order, have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

In September 2013, the same Arbitration Panel issued Final Awards on the 2003 NPM Adjustment claims with respect to the 15 states whom
the PMs continued to contest. The Arbitration Panel ruled that six states (representing approximately 14.68% of the allocable share) — Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, New Mexico and Pennsylvania — were subject to the 2003 NPM
Adjustment. RJR Tobacco estimates the remaining amount due it as a result of these rulings to be approximately $266 million plus interest. Each of these six states, however, has moved to vacate the Final Award with respect to that state. Due to the
resulting uncertainty over the final resolution of the 2003 NPM Adjustment, no amounts resulting from the ruling of the Arbitration Panel have been recognized for 2013 and any adverse decision could impact RJR Tobacco’s receipt, or timing of
receipt, of some or all of this remaining amount. 

17 

Table of Contents

For a more complete description of the State Settlement Agreements and the Arbitration
Panel’s awards, see “— Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases — State Settlement Agreements” and “— Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases — State Settlement Agreements-Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments” in
Item 8, note 11 to consolidated financial statements. 

Reports from the U.S. Surgeon General regarding the risks of
cigarette smoking and second-hand smoke may result in additional litigation and regulation that could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

The U.S. Surgeon General has issued reports that attribute negative health consequences to cigarette smoking, including involuntary
exposure to tobacco smoke, referred to as second-hand smoke or ETS. On January 17, 2014, the Surgeon General issued an additional report that contends that smoking is linked to a higher number of deaths to Americans than previous estimates,
that filtered cigarettes may increase the risk of certain diseases, and that cigarettes are a causal factor in certain conditions and diseases that had not previously been linked to cigarette smoking. Litigation could be stimulated due to these
reports, and the Surgeon General’s findings could cause additional regulations or restrictions to be imposed on the use, manufacture or sale of cigarettes. These factors could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and
financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

RJR Tobacco’s overall retail market share of cigarettes has been declining
and is expected to continue to decline. If RJR Tobacco is not able to increase sales and market share of its growth brands, and if RJR Tobacco and RAI’s other operating companies are not able to develop, produce or market new alternative
products profitably, the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries could be adversely affected. 

RJR Tobacco’s U.S. retail market share of cigarettes has been declining for a number of years, and is expected to continue to decline. According to data from IRI/Capstone, RJR Tobacco’s
share of the U.S. cigarette retail market was 26.0% in 2013, compared to 26.5% in 2012. In addition, consumer health concerns, changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and changes in regulations have prompted RJR Tobacco and other RAI
operating companies to introduce new alternative products. Consumer acceptance of these new products, such as CAMEL Snus and electronic cigarettes, referred to as e-cigarettes, may fall below expectations, in which event RAI’s operating
subsidiaries may be unable to replace all or any significant portion of lost revenues resulting from the continuing decline in market share and cigarette consumption generally. 

Furthermore, an RAI subsidiary, RJR Vapor, expects to launch its digital vapor cigarette, VUSE, on a national basis in 2014. If the
national launch of VUSE (which has been in limited distribution to date) is not successful, or is significantly delayed, RJR Vapor’s e-cigarette business could be at a significant disadvantage to other e-cigarette manufacturers, making it
difficult for RAI to capitalize upon this potentially expanding category of alternative products, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Vapor and RAI. 

In addition, RAI’s operating companies may not find vendors willing to produce alternative products, or components or raw materials
used in such products, resulting in additional capital expenditures for RAI’s operating companies. The ability of RAI’s operating companies to gain efficient market clearance for new products could also be adversely affected by FDA rules
and regulations. 

If RJR Tobacco’s cigarette market share continues to decline, and if RJR Tobacco and RAI’s other
operating companies are not able to develop, produce or market new alternative products to replace past and any future loss of the cigarette market share and declining cigarette sales, then there could be an adverse effect on the results of
operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

18 

Table of Contents

RJR Tobacco is dependent on the U.S. cigarette market, which it expects to continue
to decline, and this decline could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco and RAI. 

The international rights to substantially all of RJR Tobacco’s brands were sold in 1999 to JTI, and no international rights were acquired in connection with the B&W business combination.
Therefore, RJR Tobacco is dependent on the U.S. cigarette market. U.S. cigarette consumption has declined since 1981, for a variety of factors, including, for example, price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, smoking
prevention campaigns, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups, and migration to smoke-free products. U.S. cigarette consumption is
expected to continue to decline. MSAi reported that U.S. cigarette shipments declined 4.6% in 2013, 2.3% in 2012 and 3.5% in 2011. In addition, RJR Tobacco believes its consumers are more price-sensitive than consumers of some competing brands,
which may result in some consumers switching to a lower priced brand than any of those offered by RJR Tobacco. 

RAI is a
holding company and is entirely dependent on the results of its operating subsidiaries. RJR Tobacco is RAI’s largest operating segment. As such, it is the primary source of RAI’s revenue, and a decline in U.S. cigarette consumption could
have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Competitive actions and
pricing pressures in the marketplace could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe. 

The tobacco industry is highly competitive. Among the major manufacturers, brands primarily compete on product quality, price, brand
recognition, brand imagery and packaging. Substantial marketing support, merchandising display, discounting, promotions and other financial incentives generally are required to maintain or improve a brand’s market position or introduce a new
brand. Competitors may also have certain advantages, including stronger financial position and liquidity, enabling them to better withstand the effects of competition and declines in price. 

In addition, substantial payment obligations under the State Settlement Agreements adversely affect RJR Tobacco’s ability to compete
with manufacturers of deep-discount cigarettes that are not subject to such substantial obligations. For a more complete description of the State Settlement Agreements, see “— Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases — State
Settlement Agreements” in Item 8, note 11 to consolidated financial statements. 

Inability to compete
effectively may result in loss of market share, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

In the United States, tobacco products are subject to substantial and increasing regulation and taxation, which could have an adverse
effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

Tobacco
products are subject to substantial federal and state excise taxes in the United States. Certain city and county governments also impose substantial excise taxes on tobacco products sold. Over the last several years, these taxing authorities have
significantly increased the magnitude of excise taxes on tobacco products. Increased excise taxes have resulted in declines in overall sales volume and shifts by consumers to less expensive brands, and additional increases could result in future
sales declines. 

A wide variety of federal, state and local laws limit the advertising, sale and use of cigarettes, and these
laws have proliferated in recent years. For example, many local laws prohibit smoking in restaurants and other public places. Private businesses also have adopted policies that prohibit or restrict, or are intended to discourage, smoking. These laws
and regulations also are likely to result in a decline in the overall sales volume of cigarettes, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its

19 

Table of Contents

operating subsidiaries. For additional information on the issues described above, see “— Governmental Activity” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7. 

RAI’s operating subsidiaries are subject to significant
limitations on advertising and marketing of tobacco products, which could harm the value of their existing brands and their ability to launch new brands, and could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial
position of these companies and RAI. 

In the United States, television and radio advertisements of cigarettes have been
prohibited since 1971, and television and radio advertisements of smokeless tobacco products have been prohibited since 1986. Under the MSA, RAI’s operating subsidiaries, RJR Tobacco and SFNTC, cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon
characters, sponsorship of certain events, non-tobacco merchandise bearing their brand names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. The MSA also prohibits targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or marketing of tobacco
products, including the smokeless tobacco products of RJR Tobacco. American Snuff Co. is not a participant in the MSA. Although these restrictions were intended to ensure that tobacco advertising was not aimed at young people, some of the
restrictions also may limit the ability of RAI’s operating subsidiaries to communicate with adult tobacco consumers. In addition, pursuant to the FDA Tobacco Act, the FDA has reissued regulations addressing advertising and marketing
restrictions that were originally promulgated in 1996. Additional restrictions under the FDA regulations, or otherwise, may be imposed or agreed to in the future. These limitations on the advertising and marketing of tobacco products inhibit
RAI’s operating subsidiaries from promoting and maintaining the value of their existing brands and limit their ability to launch new brands, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of
these companies and RAI. 

The regulation of tobacco products by the FDA could have an adverse effect on the results of
operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

The FDA Tobacco Act grants the FDA broad authority over the
manufacture, sale, marketing and packaging of tobacco products. It is likely that the FDA Tobacco Act could result in a decrease in cigarette and smokeless tobacco product sales in the United States, including sales of RJR Tobacco’s, American
Snuff’s and Santa Fe’s brands, and has resulted in an increase in costs to RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. RAI believes
that these rules and regulations may adversely affect the ability of its operating subsidiaries to compete against their larger competitor, Altria Group Inc., which may be able to more quickly and cost-effectively comply with these new rules and
regulations. The ability of RAI’s operating companies to gain efficient market clearance for new products could be adversely affected by FDA rules and regulations. In addition, the FDA has announced its intention to issue regulations that would
bring e-cigarettes within that agency’s jurisdiction, subjecting these products to many of the requirements already in place for cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products. The adoption of new rules and regulations could make it more difficult
for RAI’s operating companies to grow their e-cigarette business, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

In 2013, the FDA issued its preliminary scientific evaluation regarding menthol cigarettes, concluding that menthol cigarettes adversely
affect initiation, addiction and cessation compared to non-menthol cigarettes. Also in 2013, the FDA issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, seeking comments on various issues relating to the potential regulation of menthol cigarettes. In
addition, the FDA has the authority to require the reduction of nicotine levels and may also require reduction or elimination of other constituents. Although it is not possible to predict whether or when the FDA will take actions, if the FDA were to
adopt regulations banning or severely restricting the sale of menthol cigarettes, or were to require the reduction of nicotine levels or the reduction or elimination of other constituents, those regulations could have a material adverse effect on
the cigarette sales of RAI’s operating companies, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of those companies and RAI. 

20 

Table of Contents

For a detailed description of the FDA Tobacco Act, see “— Governmental
Activity” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7. 

Changes in and compliance with state or federal legislation or regulations could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating
subsidiaries. 

In addition to FDA regulation, the passage of new legislative or regulatory initiatives including those
relating to U.S. health-care reform, climate change and other environmental legislation and changes in federal or state wage requirements, could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its
operating subsidiaries. RAI and its operating subsidiaries regularly assess the impact that health-care reform could have on its employer-sponsored medical plans. Due to the breadth and complexity of the health-care reform legislation, the current
lack of implementation regulations and interpretive guidance and the phased-in nature of the implementation, it is difficult to predict the overall impact. The passage of new legislative or regulatory initiatives may increase compliance costs, which
could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

Increases in commodity prices will increase costs and may reduce profitability, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its
operating subsidiaries. 

Increases in the cost of tobacco leaf, other raw materials and other commodities used in
RAI’s operating subsidiaries’ products could cause profits to decline which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

Certain of RAI’s operating subsidiaries may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment,
thus reducing operating profit. 

Intangible assets include goodwill, trademarks and other intangibles. The determination
of fair value involves considerable estimates and judgment. For goodwill, the determination of fair value of a reporting unit involves, among other things, RAI’s market capitalization, and application of the income approach, which includes
developing forecasts of future cash flows and determining an appropriate discount rate. If goodwill impairment is implied, the fair values of individual assets and liabilities, including unrecorded intangibles, must be determined. During the annual
testing in the fourth quarter of 2013, the estimated fair value of each of RAI’s reporting units was substantially in excess of its respective carrying value. 

Trademarks and other intangible assets with indefinite lives also are tested for impairment annually, in the fourth quarter. At December 31, 2013, the aggregate fair value of RAI’s operating
units’ trademarks and other intangible assets was substantially in excess of their aggregate carrying value. However, at December 31, 2013, the individual fair values of seven trademarks were less than 15% in excess of their respective
carrying values. The aggregate carrying value of these seven trademarks was $460 million at December 31, 2013. See Item 8, note 3 to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the intangible asset impairment charges.

The methodology used to determine the fair value of trademarks includes assumptions with inherent uncertainty, including
projected sales volumes and related projected revenues, long-term growth rates, royalty rates that a market participant might assume and judgments regarding the factors to develop an applied discount rate. 

The carrying value of intangible assets is at risk of impairment if future projected revenues or long-term growth rates are lower than
those currently projected, or if factors used in the development of a discount rate result in the application of a higher discount rate. 

Goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets are tested more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The carrying value of these intangible assets could be
impaired if a 

21 

Table of Contents

significant adverse change in the use, life, or brand strategy of the asset is determined, or if a significant adverse change in the legal and regulatory environment, business or competitive
climate occurs that would adversely impact the asset. 

Changes in financial market conditions could result in higher costs
and decreased profitability, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Changes in financial market conditions could negatively impact RAI’s interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk and the return on corporate cash, thus increasing costs and reducing
profitability, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. Due to recent market conditions, RAI has invested any excess cash in either low interest or near zero interest investments,
thereby lowering interest income. 

Adverse changes in liquidity in the financial markets could result in additional
realized or unrealized losses on investments, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Adverse changes in the liquidity in the financial markets could result in additional realized or unrealized losses associated with the value of RAI’s investments, which could have an adverse effect
on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. As of December 31, 2013, $28 million of unrealized losses remain in other comprehensive loss. For more information on investment losses, see Item 8, note 2
to consolidated financial statements. 

Increases in pension expense or pension funding may reduce RAI’s profitability,
which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

RAI’s
profitability is affected by the costs of pension benefits available to employees generally hired prior to 2004. Adverse changes in investment returns earned on pension assets and discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities or
changes in required pension funding levels may have an unfavorable impact on pension expense, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. During 2013, RAI contributed $60 million to its
pension plans and expects to contribute $109 million to its pension plans in 2014. RAI actively seeks to control increases in pension expense, but there can be no assurance that profitability will not be adversely affected. In addition, changes
to pension legislation or changes in pension accounting may adversely affect profitability, which could also have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

RAI and its operating subsidiaries rely on outside suppliers to manage certain non-core business processes. Any interruption in these
services could negatively affect the operations of RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe and harm their reputation, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of these companies and RAI.

In an effort to gain cost efficiencies, RAI and its operating subsidiaries have substantially completed the outsourcing
of many of their non-core business processes. Non-core business processes include, but are not limited to, certain processes relating to information technology, human resources, trucking and facilities. If any of the suppliers fail to perform their
obligations in a timely manner or at a satisfactory quality level, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe may fail to operate effectively and fail to meet shipment demand, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows
and financial position of these companies and RAI. 

RAI’s operating subsidiaries rely on a limited number of suppliers
for certain direct materials. An interruption in service from any of these suppliers could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

22 

Table of Contents

RAI’s operating subsidiaries rely on a limited number of suppliers for direct
materials. If a supplier fails to meet any of RAI’s operating subsidiary’s demand for direct materials, the operating subsidiary may fail to operate effectively and may fail to meet shipment demand, which could have an adverse effect on
the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Certain of RAI’s operating subsidiaries face a
customer concentration risk. The loss of such a customer would result in a decline in revenue and could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Revenues from two distributors, McLane and Core-Mark, constituted approximately 31% and 11%, respectively, of RAI’s consolidated
revenue in 2013. The loss of these customers, or a significant decline in their purchases, could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 

Fire, violent weather conditions and other disasters could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and
financial position of RAI’s operating subsidiaries. 

A major fire, violent weather conditions or other disasters that
affect manufacturing and other facilities of RAI’s operating subsidiaries, or of their suppliers and vendors, could have a material adverse effect on the operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries. In particular, RJR Tobacco’s
cigarette manufacturing is conducted primarily at a single facility. Additionally, Santa Fe’s cigarette manufacturing is conducted at a single facility. Despite RAI’s insurance coverage for some of these events, a prolonged interruption in
the manufacturing operations of RAI’s operating subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on the ability of its operating subsidiaries to effectively operate their businesses, which could have an adverse effect on the results of
operations, cash flows and financial position of these companies. 

The loss of key personnel or difficulties recruiting and
retaining qualified personnel could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

The future success of RAI and its operating subsidiaries is dependent on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss of any executive officers or other key senior
management personnel could inhibit the ability of RAI and its operating subsidiaries to manage effectively their businesses. In addition, recruiting and retaining qualified personnel may be difficult given the health and social issues associated
with the tobacco industry. If RAI and its operating subsidiaries are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to maintain the current businesses of these companies and support development of new products, it could have an adverse effect
on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of these companies. 

Disruptions in information technology
systems or a security breach could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

RAI and its operating subsidiaries are dependent on complex information technology systems to operate their businesses, enhance customer service, improve the efficiency of production and increase employee
efficiency. These information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, catastrophic events and user errors. In addition, these information technology
systems are also subject to security breaches, including cyber security breaches and breaches of transaction processing that could result in the compromise of confidential customer or consumer data. Any disruptions in information technology systems
or a security breach could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

Inability to protect the intellectual property rights of RAI and its operating subsidiaries could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of these
companies. 

23 

Table of Contents

RAI and its operating subsidiaries rely on a combination of trademark laws, trade secret
protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements to protect their intellectual property rights. Although a substantial amount of resources have been devoted to the establishment and protection of intellectual property, these
steps may be inadequate to deter misappropriation. Failure to protect sufficiently intellectual property could affect the ability of RAI and its operating subsidiaries to compete effectively and could harm the value of these subsidiaries’
brands. In addition, defending intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. These events could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position
of RAI and its operating subsidiaries. 

The agreement relating to RAI’s credit facility contains restrictive covenants
that limit the flexibility of RAI and its subsidiaries. Breach of those covenants could result in a default under the agreement relating to the facility. 

Restrictions in the agreement relating to RAI’s credit facility limit the ability of RAI and its subsidiaries to obtain future financing, and could impact the ability to withstand a future downturn
in their businesses or the economy in general, conduct operations or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. In addition, if RAI does not comply with these covenants, any indebtedness outstanding under the credit facility
could become immediately due and payable. The lenders under RAI’s credit facility could refuse to lend funds if RAI is not in compliance with the covenants or could terminate the credit facility. If RAI were unable to repay accelerated amounts,
the lenders under RAI’s credit facility could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding or liquidation proceeding. 

For more
information on the restrictive covenants in RAI’s credit facility, see Item 8, note 9 to consolidated financial statements. 

RAI has substantial long-term debt, which could adversely affect its financial position and its ability to obtain financing in the future and react to changes in its business. 

Because RAI has, in the aggregate, principal outstanding notes of $5.1 billion: 

•

 RAI’s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general
corporate purposes, and its ability to satisfy its obligations with respect to its indebtedness, may be impaired in the future; 

•

 a substantial portion of RAI’s cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, thereby
reducing the funds available to it for other purposes; 

•

 RAI may be at a disadvantage compared to its competitors with less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and

•

 RAI’s flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited, and it may be more
vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions or its business, or be unable to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to its growth strategy and its efforts to improve operating margins. 

The ability of RAI to access the debt capital markets could be impaired if the credit rating of its debt securities falls. Borrowing
costs under RAI’s revolving credit facility could increase as the credit ratings of RAI’s long-term debt falls. 

The outstanding notes issued by RAI are rated investment grade. If RAI’s credit rating falls, particularly below investment grade,
RAI may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in such amounts, at the times, at the lower interest rates or upon the more favorable terms and conditions that might be available if its debt maintained its current or higher
ratings. In addition, future debt security issuances or other borrowings may be subject to further negative terms, including provisions for collateral or limitations on indebtedness or more restrictive covenants, if RAI’s ratings decline.

24 

Table of Contents

RAI’s credit ratings are influenced by some important factors not entirely within the
control of RAI or its affiliates, such as tobacco litigation, the regulatory environment and the performance of suppliers to RAI’s operating subsidiaries. Moreover, because the kinds of events and contingencies that may impair RAI’s credit
ratings and the ability of RAI and its affiliates to access the debt capital markets are often the same kinds of events and contingencies that could cause RAI and its affiliates to seek to raise additional capital on an urgent basis, RAI and its
affiliates may not be able to issue debt securities or borrow money with acceptable terms, or at all, at the times at which they may most need additional capital. 

In addition, the interest rate RAI pays on borrowings (and for commitments) under its revolving credit facility is equal to an underlying interest rate plus an applicable margin, which margin is based on
the ratings of RAI’s senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness. If these ratings decline, the applicable margin RAI is required to pay would increase. As a result, although the revolving credit facility provides RAI with a source of liquidity,
the cost of borrowing under, and of maintaining, that facility could be at a higher rate at a time when RAI most needs to utilize that facility. 

For more complete information on RAI’s borrowing arrangements, see Item 8, notes 9 and 10 to consolidated financial statements. 

An adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI or its operating subsidiaries could cause
RAI’s Board to depart from or change its historical dividend policy. 

RAI’s Board could, in its discretion,
depart from or change its dividend policy at any time. The current dividend reflects RAI’s policy of paying dividends to the holders of RAI common stock in an aggregate amount that is approximately 80% of RAI’s annual consolidated net
income. RAI is not required to pay dividends and its shareholders do not have contractual or other legal rights to receive them. RAI’s ability to pay dividends is dependent on its earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, expected
cash needs, debt covenant compliance and other factors considered relevant by RAI’s Board. To the extent that RAI or its operating subsidiaries experience an adverse effect on their results of operations, cash flows or financial position,
RAI’s Board may decide, in its discretion, to decrease the amount of dividends, change or revoke the dividend policy or discontinue paying dividends entirely. In addition, if RAI does not pay or reduces its historical dividend rate, the market
price of its common stock could decline. 

B&W’s significant equity interest in RAI could be determinative in
matters submitted to a vote by RAI shareholders, resulting in RAI taking actions that RAI’s other shareholders do not support. B&W also has influence over RAI by virtue of the governance agreement, which requires B&W’s approval
before RAI takes certain actions. 

B&W owns approximately 42% of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock. No other
shareholder owns more than 10% of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock. Unless substantially all of RAI’s public shareholders vote together on matters presented to RAI shareholders, B&W would have the power to determine the outcome of
matters submitted to a shareholder vote, subject to the governance agreement described below. 

Moreover, in connection with
the B&W business combination, RAI, B&W and BAT entered into an agreement, referred to as the governance agreement, relating to various aspects of RAI’s corporate governance. Under the governance agreement, the approval of B&W, as a
RAI shareholder, is required in connection with, among other things, the following matters: 

•

 the sale or transfer of certain RAI intellectual property associated with B&W brands having an international presence, other than in connection
with a sale of RAI; and 

•

 RAI’s adoption of any takeover defense measures that would apply to the acquisition of equity securities of RAI by B&W or its affiliates,
other than the re-adoption of the RAI rights plan in its present form. 

25 

Table of Contents

Such influence could result in RAI taking actions that RAI’s other shareholders do not
support. 

Under the governance agreement, B&W is entitled to nominate certain persons to RAI’s Board, and the
approvals of the majority of such persons is required before certain actions may be taken, even though such persons represent less than a majority of the entire Board. In addition, certain provisions of RAI’s articles of incorporation may
create conflicts of interest between RAI and certain of these persons. 

Under the governance agreement, B&W, based
upon its current equity stake in RAI, is entitled to nominate five directors to RAI’s Board, at least three of whom are required to be independent directors and two of whom may be executive officers of BAT or any of its subsidiaries. RAI’s
Board currently is composed of 13 persons, including four designees of B&W. Matters requiring the approval of RAI’s Board generally require the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting. Under the governance
agreement, however, the approval of a majority of B&W’s designees on RAI’s Board is required in connection with the following matters: 

•

 any issuance of RAI securities in excess of 5% of its outstanding voting stock, unless at such time B&W’s ownership interest in RAI is less
than 32%; and 

•

 any repurchase of RAI common stock, subject to a number of exceptions, unless at such time B&W’s ownership interest in RAI is less than 25%.

As a result, B&W’s designees on RAI’s Board may prevent the foregoing transactions from being
effected, notwithstanding a majority of the entire Board may have voted to approve such transactions. 

Under RAI’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended, referred to as its articles of incorporation, a B&W designated director who is affiliated with, or employed by, BAT or its subsidiaries and affiliates is not required to present a
transaction, relationship, arrangement or other opportunity, all of which are collectively referred to as a business opportunity, to RAI if that business opportunity does not relate primarily to the United States. 

B&W’s significant ownership interest in RAI, and RAI’s shareholder rights plan, classified board of directors and other
anti-takeover defenses could deter acquisition proposals and make it difficult for a third party to acquire control of RAI without the cooperation of B&W. This could have a negative effect on the price of RAI common stock. 

As RAI’s largest shareholder, B&W could vote its shares of RAI common stock against any takeover proposal submitted for
shareholder approval or refuse to accept any tender offer for shares of RAI common stock. This right would make it very difficult for a third party to acquire RAI without B&W consent. In addition, RAI has a shareholder rights plan, a classified
board of directors and other takeover defenses in its articles of incorporation and bylaws. B&W’s ownership interest in RAI and these defenses could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control
of RAI. These deterrents could adversely affect the price of RAI common stock and make it very difficult to remove or replace members of the board of directors or management of RAI without cooperation of B&W. 

RAI shareholders may be adversely affected by the July 30, 2014 expiration, or earlier termination, of the “standstill”
provisions in the governance agreement. These events would enable B&W to, among other things, acquire some or all of the shares of RAI common stock not held by B&W or otherwise seek to influence or gain control of RAI, subject to governance
agreement limitations on changes in the composition of RAI’s Board. 

The standstill provisions contained in the
governance agreement generally restrict B&W from acquiring additional shares of RAI common stock, seeking to remove RAI directors not designated by B&W, or taking 

26 

Table of Contents

other specified actions to influence or gain control of RAI. These restrictions will expire upon the earlier of July 30, 2014, or the date on which a significant transaction (as defined in
the governance agreement) is consummated. A significant transaction is generally defined as the acquisition by a third party or group of 30% or more of the share voting power or consolidated total assets of RAI. 

After the expiration (or earlier termination) of the standstill period, B&W will be permitted to increase its ownership interest in
RAI without limitation, subject to the RAI shareholder rights plan described below. The RAI shareholder rights plan also expires on July 30, 2014, but the RAI Board is permitted under the governance agreement to readopt the existing RAI
shareholder rights plan in its present form. However, the existing RAI shareholder rights plan generally exempts B&W from its application. B&W’s ownership will only be restricted by the RAI shareholder rights plan if all or part of the
governance agreement is terminated as described in the following risk factor. See the following risk factors for a summary description of the rights plan. 

The governance agreement limits B&W representation on the RAI Board to five directors (out of an entire Board of 13 directors), of whom three must be independent of both RAI and BAT. If B&W’s
voting percentage of RAI drops below 32%, B&W’s board representation will be reduced to a level approximately proportionate to its level of all RAI equity ownership. The governance agreement also requires B&W to vote for the RAI
board-proposed slate of director nominees (unless an unaffiliated third party makes a material effort to solicit proxies voting against that slate). These provisions will remain in effect indefinitely after July 30, 2014, unless all or part of
the governance agreement is terminated as described below. 

The governance agreement, as amended, and RAI shareholder rights
plan are Exhibits 10.8 through 10.11 and 4.1, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

RAI shareholders may be
adversely affected if all or part of the governance agreement were to be terminated because in some circumstances the standstill, board composition and share transfer restrictions on B&W would no longer apply. These developments could enable
B&W to, among other things, acquire some or all of the shares of RAI common stock not held by B&W, seek additional representation on the RAI Board, replace existing RAI directors, solicit proxies, otherwise influence or gain control of RAI
or transfer all or a significant percentage of its shares of RAI common stock to a third party. 

The governance agreement
provides that it will terminate automatically in its entirety if B&W owns less than 15%, referred to as a 15% termination, or if any third party or group controls more than 50%, referred to as a third party termination, of the voting power of
all RAI shares. In addition, B&W may terminate the governance agreement in its entirety if B&W nominees proposed in accordance with the governance agreement are not elected to serve on the RAI Board or its committees, referred to as an
election termination, or if RAI has deprived B&W nominees of such representation for “fiduciary” reasons, referred to as a fiduciary termination, or has willfully deprived B&W or its board nominees of any veto rights, referred to
as a veto termination. 

B&W also may terminate the standstill, the obligation to vote its shares of RAI common stock for
Board-proposed director nominees, the restriction on Board representation in excess of proportionate representation and the RAI share transfer restrictions of the governance agreement if RAI willfully and deliberately breaches the provisions
regarding B&W’s Board and Board committee representation, referred to as a willful termination. 

See the preceding
and following risk factors regarding the possible consequences of the termination of the standstill provision as it limits B&W’s ability to acquire additional shares of RAI common stock, to seek to remove RAI directors, or to otherwise
increase its influence over RAI. 

If the share transfer restrictions in the governance agreement are terminated, there will be
no contractual restrictions on B&W’s ability to sell or transfer its shares of RAI common stock on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. These sales or transfers could create a substantial decline in the price
of shares of RAI common stock or, if these sales or transfers were made to a single buyer or group of buyers that 

27 

Table of Contents

own shares of RAI common stock, could result in a third party acquiring control of or influence over RAI. However, any existing RAI shareholder rights plan could effectively restrict such third
party’s acquisition of shares of RAI common stock as described in the following risk factor. 

The RAI shareholder
rights plan may effectively restrict the acquisition of beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the shares of RAI common stock. However, absent a termination of all or certain provisions of the governance agreement, B&W is generally exempt from
the application of the rights plan. 

In general terms, the RAI rights plan imposes a substantial penalty upon any person
or group that acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of RAI common stock without the approval of the RAI Board. 

Termination of some or all of the provisions of the governance agreement would have differing effects on the applicability of the rights plan to B&W. If a 15% termination occurred, the rights plan
would fully apply to B&W. If a third party termination occurred, the rights plan would not apply to B&W. If an election termination, a fiduciary termination, or a veto termination occurred, the rights plan would apply if B&W sought to
increase its RAI share ownership above approximately 43% (or higher if the termination occurred after the July 30, 2014 expiration of the standstill provisions and B&W had acquired ownership of RAI above 43%). If a willful termination
occurred, the rights plan would not apply to B&W. 

The amended and restated bylaws of RAI designate the state courts of
North Carolina or the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina as the sole and exclusive forum for certain legal actions, which could limit the ability of RAI shareholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
RAI. 

In December 2013, RAI’s Board approved an amendment to RAI’s amended and restated bylaws, which provides
that, unless RAI consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the state courts of North Carolina or the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina will be the sole and exclusive forum for: 

•

 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of RAI; 

•

 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of RAI to RAI or its shareholders;

•

 any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act, the bylaws or the articles of
incorporation of RAI (as each may be amended from time to time); or 

•

 any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of RAI’s capital stock may be deemed to have notice of
and to have consented to the provisions described above. This forum selection provision may limit RAI shareholders’ ability to obtain a judicial forum that they find favorable for certain disputes with RAI or its directors, officers or other
employees or shareholders.