You should consider carefully the following risk factors, in
 addition to the other information contained and incorporated by
 reference in this
 Form 10-K,
 before deciding to invest in our common stock.

 We
 operate in volatile businesses that are heavily dependent upon
 commodity prices and other factors beyond our control.

 The success of our Drilling operations depends heavily upon
 conditions in the oil and gas industry and the level of demand
 for drilling services. Demand for our drilling services is
 vulnerable to declines that are typically associated with
 depressed oil and natural gas prices. Even the perceived risk of
 a decline in oil or natural gas prices may cause oil and gas
 companies to reduce their spending, in which case demand for our
 drilling services could decrease and our drilling revenues may
 be adversely affected by lower rig utilization
 and/or day
 rates. Oil and natural gas prices have historically been very
 volatile, and our drilling operations have in the past suffered
 through long periods of weak market conditions.

 Demand for our drilling services also depends on additional
 factors that are beyond our control, including:

 • 

 fluctuations in the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas;

 • 

 the willingness and ability of the Organization of Petroleum
 Exporting Countries, or “OPEC”, to limit production
 levels and influence prices;

 • 

 political and military conflicts in oil-producing areas and the
 effects of terrorism;

 • 

 the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

 11

Table of Contents

 • 

 laws, regulations and policies of various governments regarding
 exploration and development of their oil and natural gas
 reserves;

 • 

 domestic and international tax policies;

 • 

 disruption of exploration and development activities due to
 hurricanes and other severe weather conditions;

 • 

 advances in exploration and development technology; and

 • 

 further consolidation of our customer base.

 Our Drilling operations have been and will continue to be
 adversely affected by recent declines in oil and natural gas
 prices, but we cannot predict the extent of that effect. Nor can
 we assure you that a reduction in offshore drilling activity
 will not occur for other reasons. Our Manufacturing operations
 are also dependent on commodity prices and financial market
 conditions which affect demand for rigs and related components,
 mining and timber equipment and after-market parts.

 The
 drilling industry has historically been cyclical, and periods of
 low demand could have an adverse effect on our operating
 results.

 The contract drilling industry has historically been cyclical,
 with periods of high demand, short rig supply and high day
 rates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply
 and low day rates. Demand for drilling services was generally
 strong in recent years, but began to weaken during the latter
 half of 2008 and is currently expected to decline further in
 future periods.

 The strong demand in recent years led to an increase in new rig
 construction, and there are currently nearly 70 competitive
 jack-ups
 under construction or contracted for construction worldwide, or
 more than 15% of the existing fleet. Most of these rigs do not
 have drilling contracts in place, and their delivery will
 increase competition, which could reduce rig utilization and day
 rates. Prolonged periods of low rig utilization and day rates
 require us to accept lower rate contracts or to stack rigs,
 which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and
 cash flows. Prolonged periods of low rig utilization and day
 rates, or cold-stacking idle rigs, could also result in the
 recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling
 rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information
 available to management at the time, indicate that their
 carrying value may not be recoverable.

 The
 recent deterioration in global capital markets may reduce demand
 for our drilling services and manufactured products or result in
 contract delays or cancellations and slow collections from
 customers.

 We depend on our customers’ willingness and ability to make
 operating and capital expenditures to explore, develop and
 produce oil and gas, and to purchase drilling and related
 equipment. Recent weakness in global capital markets, coupled
 with declining oil and natural gas prices, have caused a number
 of oil and gas producers to reduce future capital budgets. In
 addition, many of our manufacturing customers are seeking to
 delay or cancel purchases in order to conserve cash. Limitations
 on the availability of capital, or higher costs of capital, for
 financing expenditures or the desire to preserve liquidity may
 cause these and other customers to make additional reductions in
 future capital budgets and outlays even if commodity prices
 return to and remain at historically high levels. Such
 reductions would reduce demand for our products and services,
 which would adversely affect our results of operations and cash
 flows. Facing reduced liquidity, certain of our customers may
 seek to delay payments due us, which would adversely impact our
 cash flows.

 If our
 customers terminate or seek to renegotiate our drilling
 contracts, our results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Some of our drilling contracts are cancelable by the customer
 upon specific notice, or upon the occurrence of events beyond
 our control, such as the loss or destruction of the rig or the
 suspension of drilling operations for a specified period of time
 as a result of a breakdown of major equipment. Although our
 contracts may require the customer to make an early termination
 payment upon cancellation of the contract, such payment may not
 be sufficient to fully compensate us for the loss of the
 contract. Early termination of a contract may result in a rig
 being idle for an extended period of time. Our financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely

 12

Table of Contents

 affected by customers’ early termination of contracts,
 especially if we are unable to re-contract the affected rig
 within a short period of time or at a favorable rate.
 Additionally, as market conditions weaken, a customer may be
 able to obtain a comparable rig at a lower daily rate, and as a
 result, may seek to renegotiate the terms of their existing
 drilling contract with us. The renegotiation of a number of our
 drilling contracts could adversely affect our financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 markets are highly competitive, which may make it difficult for
 us to maintain satisfactory price levels.

 Our drilling and manufacturing markets are highly competitive,
 and no single participant is dominant. In our drilling markets,
 drilling contracts are often awarded on a competitive bid basis,
 with intense price competition frequently being the primary
 factor determining which qualified contractor is awarded the
 job, although rig availability and location, the
 contractor’s safety and operational record and the quality
 and technical capability of service and equipment are also
 factors. The delivery of nearly 70 new
 jack-ups
 over the next three years, most of which do not currently have
 drilling contracts in place, will increase competition in the
 offshore drilling industry. Additionally, ongoing mergers among
 oil and natural gas exploration and production companies reduce
 the number of available customers and usually delay or cancel
 drilling projects, which may further increase competition in our
 drilling markets. Our manufacturing markets are also
 characterized by vigorous competition among several competitors.
 Some of our competitors possess greater financial resources than
 we do. We may have to reduce our prices in order to remain
 competitive in our markets, which would have an adverse effect
 on our operating results.

 We have
 incurred losses recently and over prolonged periods in the past,
 a circumstance that could occur again in the future.

 During 2003 and 2004, we incurred net losses of
 $7.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively. During
 2002, we incurred a net loss of $16 million exclusive of a
 gain related to the settlement of the Gorilla V lawsuit.
 During the

1985-1995
 period, we consistently incurred net losses that totaled more
 than $360 million. The inherent volatility of the
 businesses in which we operate makes it likely that we will
 incur additional losses in the future.

 The
 recent deterioration in global capital markets may limit our
 ability to meet our future capital needs.

 We have in place a $155 million revolving credit facility
 to be used, as necessary, for general corporate purposes,
 including capital expenditures and debt service requirements.
 The availability of the facility is dependent upon our
 continuing compliance with various covenants and financial
 tests, which may become more difficult to satisfy if our market
 conditions continue to deteriorate. In addition, if any of the
 five committed lenders under the facility are unwilling or
 unable to meet their funding obligation, and we cannot find
 suitable alternative lenders, we would be unable to use the full
 capacity of the facility. Similarly, if the capital markets do
 not improve significantly, we may be unable to obtain additional
 debt or equity financing, should that become necessary, which
 may severely limit our ability to expand our existing
 businesses, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of
 business opportunities.

 Our fleet
 expansion program may result in liquidity problems.

 If operating conditions continue to deteriorate, our operating
 cash flows combined with our current borrowing capacity may not
 be adequate to finance our ongoing fleet expansion program.
 Additional financing may not be obtainable at a reasonable cost.
 We could be forced to delay or cancel certain capital projects,
 which could expose us to higher costs including significant
 cancellation penalties.

 We have in progress an offshore fleet expansion program under
 which we plan to spend approximately $87 million in 2009
 towards the completion of our second 240C class

jack-up
 being built at our own shipyard, and another $144 million
 for additional equipment and necessary upgrades to existing rigs
 and facilities. In addition, we have outstanding commitments
 totaling more than $540 million during the

2009-2011
 period for the construction of four new 
EXL class

jack-ups
 being built by Keppel. Currently, all of our planned capital
 expenditures are expected to be financed through operating cash
 flows or our currently available borrowing capacity. Given the
 uncertainty surrounding future market conditions and access to
 capital, we recently canceled construction of one

jack-up rig
 and

 13

Table of Contents

 suspended construction of two additional rigs in order to
 preserve near-term liquidity. If we experience cost overruns in
 our ongoing capital projects or should we need additional
 financing and be unable to obtain it at commercially favorable
 rates, we could experience liquidity problems or be forced to
 further suspend or cancel rig construction activities.

 Our
 results of operations will be adversely affected if we are
 unable to secure drilling contracts for our rigs on economically
 favorable terms.

 In the past, Rowan has not cold-stacked its offshore drilling
 rigs during extended idle periods as the long-term costs of
 rehiring and retraining personnel and restarting equipment
 typically negate any short-term savings. Thus, our drilling
 expenses have not typically fluctuated with rig activity, though
 they have increased as our rig fleets have been expanded and
 relocated. Should we cold-stack idle rigs, we would be exposed
 to higher severance costs and impairment charges from reductions
 in the fair value of our equipment.

 We have not yet obtained drilling contracts for any of our six
 jack-ups
 that are currently under construction or on order. We may be
 unable to secure economical drilling contracts for our new rigs,
 in which case their delivery will negatively impact our
 operating results.

 Many of
 our drilling rigs are subject to damage or destruction by severe
 weather.

 Much of the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and offshore eastern
 Canada frequently experience hurricanes or other extreme weather
 conditions. Many of our offshore drilling rigs are or will be
 located in these areas and are thus subject to damage or
 destruction by these storms. Damage caused by high winds and
 turbulent seas could cause us to suspend operations on such
 drilling rigs for significant periods of time until the damage
 can be repaired. Additionally, even if our drilling rigs are not
 directly damaged by such storms, we may still experience
 disruptions in our operations due to damage to our
 customer’s platforms and other related facilities in these
 areas. During Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, we lost four
 jack-up rigs
 and another was significantly damaged. During Hurricane Ike in
 2008, we lost one

jack-up rig.
 Future storms could result in the loss or damage of additional
 rigs, which would adversely affect our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to operating risks such as blowouts and well fires that
 could result in environmental damage, property loss, personal
 injury and death, some of which may not be covered by insurance
 or recoverable indemnification.

 Our drilling operations are subject to many hazards that could
 increase the likelihood of accidents. Accidents can result in:

 • 

 costly delays or cancellations of drilling operations;

 • 

 serious damage to or destruction of equipment;

 • 

 personal injury or death;

 • 

 significant impairment of producing wells, leased properties or
 underground geological formations; and

 • 

 major environmental damage.

 Our offshore drilling operations are also subject to marine
 hazards, either at offshore sites or while drilling equipment is
 under tow, such as vessel capsizings, collisions or groundings.
 In addition, raising and lowering
 jack-up rigs
 and drilling into high-pressure formations are complex,
 hazardous activities and we frequently encounter problems.

 Our manufacturing operations also present serious risks. Our
 manufacturing processes could pollute the air, land, and inland
 waters, and the products we manufacture could be implicated in
 lawsuits alleging environmental harm, property loss, personal
 injury and death.

 We have had accidents in the past demonstrating some of the
 hazards described above, including high-pressure drilling
 accidents resulting in lost or damaged drilling formations and
 towing accidents resulting in lost drilling

 14

Table of Contents

 equipment. Any similar events could yield future operating
 losses and have a significant adverse impact on our business.

 Our
 insurance coverage may be inadequate and has become more
 expensive.

 Our insurance coverage is subject to certain significant
 deductibles and levels of self-insurance, does not cover all
 types of losses and, in some situations, may not provide full
 coverage for losses or liabilities resulting from our
 operations. In addition, due to the losses sustained by us and
 the offshore drilling industry in recent years, primarily as a
 result of Gulf of Mexico hurricanes, we are likely to continue
 experiencing increased costs for available insurance coverage
 which may impose higher deductibles and limit maximum aggregated
 recoveries for certain perils, such as hurricane-related
 windstorm damage or loss. We may not be able to obtain future
 insurance coverage comparable with that of prior years, thus
 putting us at a greater risk of loss due to severe weather
 conditions and other hazards, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 We have a
 significant insurance receivable related to the salvage of
 several offshore drilling rigs lost or damaged during recent
 hurricanes.

 During 2005, we lost four offshore rigs, including the
 Rowan-Halifax, and incurred significant damage on a fifth
 as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. We also lost another
 offshore rig during Hurricane Ike in 2008. Since 2005, we have
 been working to locate the lost or damaged rigs, salvage related
 equipment, remove debris, wreckage and pollutants from the
 water, mark or clear navigational hazards and clear rights of
 way. At December 31, 2008, we had incurred
 $206.5 million of costs related to such efforts, of which
 $153.3 million had been reimbursed through insurance,
 leaving $53.2 million included in Receivables. We expect to
 incur additional costs in 2009 to fulfill our obligations to
 remove wreckage and debris in amounts that will depend on the
 extent and nature of work ultimately required and the duration
 thereof. Although we believe that we have adequate insurance
 coverage and will be reimbursed for costs incurred and to be
 incurred, it may be possible that some of these expenditures may
 not be reimbursed, which could have a material adverse effect on
 our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our four
 Super Gorilla class rigs and two of our Tarzan Class rigs are
 pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
 arrangements.

 If operating conditions deteriorate and if market conditions
 were to remain depressed for a long period of time, our results
 of operations would suffer and working capital and other
 financial resources may not be available or adequate to service
 our outstanding debt. Our four Super Gorilla class

jack-ups and
 two of our 
Tarzan Class

jack-ups
 are pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
 arrangements. If we were unable to service our debt, it is
 possible that these assets could be removed from our fleet, in
 which case our ability to generate sufficient revenues and cash
 flows would be significantly reduced.

 Most of
 our contracts are fixed-price contracts, and increases in our
 operating costs could have an adverse effect on the
 profitability of those contracts.

 Most of our drilling contracts provide for the payment of a
 fixed day rate per rig operating day and our manufacturing
 contracts typically provide for a fixed price. However, many of
 our operating costs are unpredictable and vary based on events
 beyond our control. Our gross margins on these contracts will
 vary based on fluctuations in our operating costs during the
 terms of these contracts. If our costs increase or we encounter
 unforeseen costs, we may not be able to recover such costs from
 our customers, which could adversely affect our financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows. As our backlog
 has increased over the past two years, so has our exposure to
 possible losses on fixed-price contracts. During 2007, we
 recognized a $15.8 million loss on a fixed-price rig
 construction contract.

 15

Table of Contents

 Our
 operations are increasingly being conducted in foreign
 areas.

 During 2006, we initiated a significant drilling operation in
 Saudi Arabia, returned to Trinidad and established manufacturing
 service and supply shops in Dubai and Singapore. Our Middle East
 operation more than doubled in size during 2007 and we commenced
 operations offshore West Africa and in Brazil and China in 2008.
 We also expect to return to offshore Eastern Canada and commence
 operations offshore Egypt during 2009. Foreign operations are
 often subject to political, economic and other uncertainties not
 typically encountered in domestic operations, such as arbitrary
 taxation policies, onerous customs restrictions, unstable
 currencies, security threats including terrorism and the risk of
 asset expropriation due to foreign sovereignty over operating
 areas. Any one of these factors could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows. Foreign drilling contracts may expose us to greater risks
 than we normally assume, such as the risk that the contract may
 be terminated by our customer without cause on short notice,
 contractually or by governmental action. While we believe that
 the terms of our contracts mitigate this risk, we can provide no
 assurance that such terms will be enforced, or that this
 increased exposure will not have a negative impact on our future
 operations.

 Changes
 to our inventory valuation allowances may reduce our future
 operating results.

 We determine valuation allowances or reserves for inventory
 based on historical usage of inventory on-hand, assumptions
 about future demand based on market conditions, and estimates
 about potential alternative uses, which are usually limited. Our
 inventory generally consists of spare parts, work in process,
 and raw materials to support ongoing manufacturing operations
 and our installed base of drilling, mining and timber equipment.
 Customers rely on us to stock these specialized items to ensure
 that their equipment can be repaired and serviced in a timely
 manner. The estimated carrying value of our inventory therefore
 ultimately depends upon demand driven by oil, natural gas and
 other commodity prices, general economic conditions worldwide
 and the potential obsolescence of various types of equipment we
 sell, among other factors. Recent declines in oil and natural
 gas prices, the onset of global recession and weakness in
 capital markets provided the basis for our reduced estimates of
 the future usage of our drilling inventories which, coupled with
 the earlier growth in such inventories in order to fuel product
 line expansion, resulted in the significant increase in
 inventory reserves at December 31, 2008.

 Further deterioration in worldwide demand for oil, natural gas
 and certain other commodities, or the development of new
 technologies which make older drilling, mining and timber
 technologies obsolete, could require us to record additional
 reserves to reduce the value of our inventory and reduce our
 future operating results.

 Rig
 upgrade, enhancement and new construction projects are subject
 to risks which could cause delays or cost overruns and adversely
 affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 New drilling rigs may experience
 start-up
 complications following delivery or other unexpected operational
 problems that could result in significant uncompensated downtime
 at reduced day rates or the cancellation or termination of
 drilling contracts. Rig construction projects are subject to
 risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large
 construction project from numerous factors, including the
 following:

 • 

 shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

 • 

 unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and
 equipment or shipyard construction;

 • 

 failure of equipment to meet quality
 and/or
 performance standards;

 • 

 financial or operating difficulties of equipment vendors or the
 shipyard;

 • 

 unanticipated actual or purported change orders,

 • 

 inability to obtain required permits or approvals;

 • 

 unanticipated cost increases between order and delivery, which
 can be up to two years;

 • 

 adverse weather conditions and other events of force majeure;

 • 

 design or engineering changes; and

 • 

 work stoppages and other labor disputes.

 16

Table of Contents

 Significant cost overruns or delays could adversely affect our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
 Additionally, failure to complete a project on time may result
 in the delay of revenue from that rig, which also could
 adversely affect our financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 Our
 customers may be unable to indemnify us.

 Consistent with standard industry practice, we typically obtain
 contractual indemnification from our customers whereby such
 customers generally agree to protect and indemnify us for
 liabilities resulting from various hazards associated with the
 drilling industry. However, there can be no assurance that our
 customers will be financially able to meet these indemnification
 obligations, and the failure of a customer to meet such
 obligations, the failure of one or more of our insurance
 providers to meet claim obligations, or losses or liabilities
 resulting from unindemnified, uninsured or underinsured events
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Government
 regulations and environmental risks, which reduce our business
 opportunities and increase our operating costs, might worsen in
 the future.

 Government regulations dictate design and operating criteria for
 drilling vessels, determine taxation levels to which we (and our
 customers) are subject, control and often limit access to
 potential markets and impose extensive requirements concerning
 employee safety, environmental protection and pollution control.
 Environmental regulations, in particular, prohibit access to
 some markets and make others less economical, increase equipment
 and personnel costs and often impose liability without regard to
 negligence or fault. In addition, governmental regulations may
 discourage our customers’ activities, reducing demand for
 our products and services. We may be liable for damages
 resulting from pollution of offshore waters and, under United
 States regulations, must establish financial responsibility in
 order to drill offshore.

 In response to the significant damage to offshore rigs in recent
 years caused by Gulf of Mexico hurricanes, various industry and
 regulatory organizations continue to consider additional
 operating constraints during the tropical storm season. Such
 constraints, if ultimately mandated, could limit the capability
 of many of our rigs to operate at certain locations in the Gulf
 of Mexico during a significant portion of each year. Depending
 upon our ability to obtain work elsewhere, the impact of these
 additional regulations could be to reduce our ability to
 generate drilling revenues.

 Anti-takeover
 provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws and
 stockholder rights plan could make it difficult for holders of
 our common stock to receive a premium for their shares upon a
 change of control.

 Holders of the common stock of acquisition targets may receive a
 premium for their shares upon a change of control. Delaware law
 and the following provisions, among others, of our Certificate
 of Incorporation, bylaws and rights plan could have the effect
 of delaying or preventing a change of control and could prevent
 holders of our common stock from receiving such a premium:

 • 

 The affirmative vote of 80% of the outstanding shares of our
 capital stock is required to approve business combinations with
 any related person that has not been approved by our board of
 directors. We are also subject to a provision of Delaware
 corporate law that prohibits us from engaging in a business
 combination with any interested stockholder for three years from
 the date that person became an interested stockholder unless
 specified conditions are met.

 • 

 Special meetings of stockholders may not be called by anyone
 other than our board of directors, our chairman, our executive
 committee or our president or chief executive officer.

 • 

 Our board of directors is divided into three classes whose terms
 end in successive years, so that less than a majority of our
 board comes up for election at any annual meeting.

 • 

 Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to
 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the
 voting rights and other privileges of these shares without any
 vote or action by our stockholders.

 17

Table of Contents

 • 

 We have adopted a stockholder rights plan that provides our
 stockholders rights to purchase junior preferred stock in
 certain circumstances, whereby the ownership of Rowan shares by
 a potential acquirer can be significantly diluted by the sale at
 a significant discount of additional Rowan shares to all other
 stockholders, which could discourage unsolicited acquisition
 proposals.

 Failure
 to obtain or retain highly skilled personnel could adversely
 affect our operations.

 We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide
 technical services and support for our businesses. Competition
 for skilled and other labor required for our drilling operations
 has increased in recent years as the number of rigs activated or
 added to worldwide fleets has increased. If this expansion
 continues and the demand for drilling services increases,
 shortages of qualified personnel could develop, creating upward
 pressure on wages and making it more difficult to staff and
 service our rigs, which could adversely affect our operating
 results.