You
should consider carefully the following risk factors, in addition to the other
information contained and incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K,
before deciding to invest in our common stock.

 We operate in volatile businesses
that are heavily dependent upon commodity prices and other factors beyond our
control.

 The
success of our Drilling operations depends heavily upon conditions in the oil
and gas industry and the level of demand for drilling services. Demand for our
drilling services is vulnerable to declines that are typically associated with
depressed oil and natural gas prices. Even the perceived risk of a decline in
oil or natural gas prices may cause oil and gas companies to reduce their
spending, in which case demand for our drilling services could decrease and our
drilling revenues may be adversely affected by lower rig utilization and/or day
rates. Oil and natural gas prices have historically been very volatile, and our
drilling operations have in the past suffered through long periods of weak
market conditions.

Demand
for our drilling services also depends on additional factors that are beyond our
control, including:

 ·  

 fluctuations
 in worldwide demand for oil and natural
gas

 ·  

 the
 willingness and ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
 Countries, or “OPEC,” to limit production levels and influence
 prices;

 ·  

 political
 and military conflicts in oil-producing areas and the effects of
 terrorism;

 ·  

 the
 level of production in non-OPEC
countries;

 ·  

 laws,
 regulations and policies of various governments regarding exploration and
 development of their oil and natural gas
 reserves;

 ·  

 domestic
 and international tax policies;

 ·  

 disruption
 of exploration and development activities due to hurricanes and other
 severe weather conditions;

 ·  

 advances
 in exploration and development technology;
and

 ·  

 further
 consolidation of our customer base

 9

 Table of Contents

 Our
drilling operations have been and will continue to be adversely affected by
dramatic declines in oil and natural gas prices, as occurred in late 2008 and
early 2009, but we cannot predict the extent of that effect.  Nor can
we assure you that a reduction in offshore drilling activity will not occur for
other reasons. Our Manufacturing operations are also dependent on commodity
prices and financial market conditions which affect demand for rigs and related
components, mining and timber equipment and after-market
parts.

The
delivery of new offshore drilling rigs currently under construction may further
reduce our rig utilization and day rates and could lead to impairment
charges.

We
believe there are currently 61 competitive jack-up rigs under construction
worldwide, or approximately 13% of the existing fleet.  Most of these
rigs do not have drilling contracts in place, and their delivery will increase
the supply of available rigs competing for work, which could further reduce rig
utilization and day rates.  In addition, many of these rigs will
likely enter the market at a time of excess capacity and low day
rates.  Prolonged periods of low rig utilization require us to accept
lower day rates, or may cause us to temporarily take rigs out of service, or
“stack” rigs, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash
flows.  We may be required to recognize impairment charges on our
drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to
management at the time, indicate that their carrying values may not be
recoverable.

Our
markets are highly competitive, and satisfactory price levels are difficult to
maintain.

Our
drilling and manufacturing markets are highly competitive, and no single
participant is dominant.  Drilling contracts are often awarded on a
competitive bid basis, with intense price competition frequently being the
primary factor determining which qualified contractor is awarded the
job.  Relocation of offshore rigs from areas of lower activity, such
as the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, to more active international markets has further
increased the competition among rigs looking for work in those
areas.  The anticipated delivery of 61 new jack-ups over the next
three years and ongoing consolidation by oil and gas exploration and production
companies will further increase the supply of rigs while reducing the number of
available customers.  This consolidation has also resulted in drilling
projects being delayed.  We may have to further reduce our prices in
order to remain competitive, which would have an adverse effect on our operating
results.

Our
rigs under construction do not yet have drilling contracts.

We have
not yet obtained drilling contracts for four of our rigs under
construction.  Failure to secure economical contracts for them prior
to delivery could negatively impact our operating results.

Many
of our drilling rigs are subject to damage or destruction by severe weather, and
our business may be affected by the threat of severe weather.

Much of
the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and offshore eastern Canada frequently
experience hurricanes or other extreme weather conditions.  Many of
our offshore drilling rigs are located in these areas and are thus subject to
potential damage or destruction by such conditions.  Damage caused by
high winds and turbulent seas could cause us to suspend operations on drilling
rigs for significant periods of time until the damage can be
repaired.  Even if our drilling rigs are not damaged by such
conditions, we may still experience disruptions in our operations due to damage
to our customers’ platforms and other related facilities in these
areas.  Additionally our customers may choose not to contract our rigs
for use during hurricane season, particularly our conventional rigs in the Gulf
of Mexico.  During Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, we lost four
jack-up rigs and another was significantly damaged.  During Hurricane
Ike in 2008, we lost one jack-up rig.  Future storms could result in
the loss or damage of additional rigs, which would adversely affect our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our
insurance coverage for windstorms may be inadequate, has become more expensive,
and may become unavailable or cost-prohibitive.

Hurricanes
(or “windstorms”) have caused tremendous damage to drilling and production
equipment and facilities throughout the Gulf Coast in recent years, and
insurance companies have incurred substantial losses as a
result.  Accordingly, insurance companies have substantially reduced
the levels of windstorm coverage available and have dramatically increased the
cost of such coverage.  Coverage for potential liabilities to third
parties associated with property damage and personal injuries, as well as
coverage for environmental liabilities and removal of wreckage and debris
associated with hurricane losses has also been limited.

 10

 Table of Contents

As a
result of the increased cost and reduced availability of coverage, in 2009 we
decided to discontinue windstorm physical damage coverage on four of our older,
less capable jack-up rigs, and our current coverage for removal of wreckage is
subject to a $100 million per occurrence deductible.  Currently, our
windstorm physical damage coverage is subject to a $50 million per occurrence
deductible with an annual aggregate limit of $150 million and covers only the
Gorilla II, the 
Bob Palmer and the 
Rowan-Mississippi.  Losses
due to future windstorms not covered by insurance could adversely affect our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  We renew
our rig insurance policies annually each April.  The level of coverage
that we maintain is reevaluated each year based on a variety of factors, and we
can provide no assurance that we will maintain future coverage at current
levels.

Taxing
authorities may challenge our tax positions, and we may not be able to realize
expected benefits.

In 2009,
we recognized tax benefits of $25 million as a result of applying our facts to a
recent third-party tax case that provides a more favorable tax treatment for
certain foreign contracts entered into in prior years.  Our income tax
returns are subject to audit by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax
authorities.  Determinations by such taxing authorities that differ
materially from our recorded estimates, either favorably or unfavorably, may
have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash
flows.

Our
foreign operations typically present additional risk, and operations in certain
foreign areas present higher costs.

In recent
years, we have significantly expanded our operations
internationally.  Foreign operations are often subject to political,
economic and other uncertainties not typically encountered in domestic
operations, including arbitrary taxation policies, onerous customs restrictions,
foreign currency exchange fluctuations, security threats including terrorism,
and the risk of asset expropriation due to foreign sovereignty over operating
areas.  With regard to the risk that our customer may terminate
contracts without cause on short notice, contractually or by governmental
action, we assume greater risks of such events in foreign areas, where legal
protections may be less available to the Company.  Any such unforeseen
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.  Additionally, operations in certain
foreign areas, such as the North Sea, are highly regulated and have higher
compliance and operating costs in general.

Most of our contracts are fixed-price
contracts, and increases in our 
operating costs or the impact of any
general inflation could have an adverse effect on the profitability of those
contracts.

Most of
our drilling contracts provide for the payment of a fixed day rate during
periods of operation, and reduced day rates during periods of other activities,
and our manufacturing contracts typically provide for a fixed
price.  Many of our operating costs are unpredictable and can vary
based on events beyond our control.  Our gross margins will therefore
vary over the terms of our contracts.  If our costs increase or we
encounter unforeseen costs, we may not be able to recover them from our
customers, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows.

High
costs associated with maintaining idle rigs may cause us to experience losses,
and cold-stacking rigs may result in impairment charges.

In the
past, Rowan generally has not cold-stacked its offshore drilling rigs during
extended idle periods, as the long-term costs of rehiring and retraining
personnel and restarting equipment typically negate any short-term
savings.  As noted previously, however, we have recently cold-stacked
the Rowan-Juneau, one
of our oldest rigs.  Should we cold-stack additional idle rigs, we
could be exposed to additional severance costs and potential impairment charges
from reductions in the fair value of our equipment.

 Deterioration
in global capital markets reduces customer spending and results in lower demand
for our products and services and reduced or delayed collections of expected
revenues.

Weakness
in global capital markets, coupled with declining oil and natural gas prices,
have caused a number of oil and gas producers to reduce operating and capital
budgets, cancel projects or large purchases and/or slow the payment of
receivables in an effort to preserve liquidity.  Many of our customers
have approached us in an effort to cancel contracts, reduce rates and prices or
extend payment terms.  We can provide no assurance that all of our
receivables will be collected.

We
will experience reduced profitability if our customers terminate or seek to
renegotiate our drilling contracts.

Some of
our drilling contracts are cancelable by the customer upon specific notice, or
upon the occurrence of events beyond our control, such as the loss or
destruction of the rig due to weather, or the suspension of drilling operations
for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major
equipment.  Not all of our contracts require the customer to make an
early termination payment upon cancellation.  Any early termination
payments that may be required under our contracts may not

 11

 Table of Contents

be
sufficient to fully compensate us for the loss of the contract and could result
in the rig becoming idle for an extended period of
time.  Additionally, in weak market conditions, a customer may be able
to obtain a comparable rig at a lower daily rate and seek to renegotiate the
terms of its existing drilling contract with us.

Weakness
in global capital markets may limit our ability to meet our future capital
needs.

At
December 31, 2009, we had $640 million of cash and equivalents plus a $155
million revolving credit facility to be used, if necessary, for general
corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and debt service
requirements.  Given the volatility in global capital markets, it is
possible our credit facility will not be available when and if
required.  Lack of access to capital may limit our ability to expand
our businesses, engage in acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business
opportunities.

We are subject to operating risks
such as blowouts and well fires that could result 
in environmental damage, property
loss, personal injury and death, some of which may 
not be covered by insurance or
recoverable indemnification.

Our
drilling operations are subject to many hazards that could increase the
likelihood of accidents. Accidents can result in:

 •

 costly
 delays or cancellations of drilling
operations;

 •

 serious
 damage to or destruction of
equipment;

 •

 personal
 injury or death;

 •

 significant
 impairment of producing wells, leased properties or underground geological
 formations; and

 •

 major
 environmental damage.

Our
offshore drilling operations are also subject to marine hazards, whether at
drilling sites or while equipment is under tow, such as vessel capsizings,
collisions or groundings.  In addition, raising and lowering jack-up
rigs and drilling into high-pressure formations are complex, hazardous
activities, and we frequently encounter problems.  Any ongoing change
in weather patterns or climate could increase the adverse impact of marine
hazards.

Our
manufacturing processes could pollute the air, land, and inland waters, and the
products we manufacture could be implicated in lawsuits alleging environmental
harm, property loss, personal injury and death.

We have
experienced some of the types of incidents described above, including
high-pressure drilling accidents resulting in lost or damaged drilling
formations and towing accidents resulting in lost drilling
equipment.  Any future such events could result in operating losses
and have a significant adverse impact on our business.

We
have a significant insurance receivable related to the salvage of several
offshore drilling rigs lost or damaged during recent hurricanes.

During
2005, we lost four offshore rigs, including the Rowan-Halifax, and incurred
significant damage on a fifth as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and
Rita.  We also lost another offshore rig during Hurricane Ike in
2008.  Since 2005, we have been working to locate the lost rigs,
salvage related equipment, remove debris, wreckage and pollutants from the
water, mark or clear navigational hazards and clear rights of way.  As
of December 31, 2009, we had incurred $229 million of costs related to such
efforts, of which $199 million had been reimbursed through insurance, leaving
$30 million included in receivables.  Some of these expenditures may
not be reimbursed by our insurance coverage, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

Our four Super Gorilla class rigs and
two of our Tarzan Class rigs are pledged 
as security under our
government-guaranteed debt arrangements.

If
operating conditions deteriorate and if market conditions were to remain
depressed for a long period of time, our results of operations would suffer, and
working capital and other financial resources may not be available or adequate
to service our outstanding debt.  Our four Super Gorilla class jack-ups
and two of our 
Tarzan Class
jack-ups are pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
arrangements.  If we were unable to service our debt, it is possible
that these assets could be removed from our fleet, in which case our ability to
generate sufficient revenues and cash flows would be significantly
reduced.

 12

 Table of Contents

Changes
to our inventory valuation allowances may reduce our future operating
results.

We
recognize valuation allowances against our inventories based on historical usage
of inventory on hand, assumptions about future demand based on market
conditions, and estimates about potential alternative uses, which are usually
limited.  Our inventories generally consist of spare parts, work in
process, and raw materials to support ongoing manufacturing operations and our
installed base of drilling, mining and timber equipment.  Customers
rely on us to stock these specialized items to ensure that their equipment can
be repaired and serviced in a timely manner.  The estimated carrying
values of our inventories are therefore indirectly affected by demand for oil,
natural gas and other commodities, general economic conditions worldwide, and
the potential obsolescence of various types of equipment we sell, among other
factors.  As a result of the 2008 declines in oil and natural gas
prices, the onset of global recession and weakness in capital markets, we
reduced our estimates of future usage of our inventories and significantly
increased our inventory reserves at December 31, 2008.

Further
deterioration in worldwide demand for oil, natural gas and certain other
commodities, or the development of new technologies which make older drilling,
mining and timber technologies obsolete, could require us to record additional
reserves to reduce the value of our inventory and reduce our future operating
results.

Rig upgrades, enhancements and new
construction projects are subject to risks which 
could cause delays or cost overruns
and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

New
drilling rigs may experience start-up complications following delivery or other
unexpected operational problems that could result in significant uncompensated
downtime, reduced day rates or the cancellation or termination of drilling
contracts.  Rig construction projects are subject to risks of delay or
cost overruns inherent in any large construction project from numerous factors,
including the following:

 •

 shortages
 of equipment, materials or skilled
labor;

 •

 unscheduled
 delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment or shipyard
 construction;

 •

 failure
 of equipment to meet quality and/or performance
 standards;

 •

 financial
 or operating difficulties of equipment vendors or the
 shipyard;

 •

 unanticipated
 actual or purported change orders;

 •

 inability
 to obtain required permits or
approvals;

 •

 unanticipated
 cost increases between order and delivery, which can be up to two
 years;

 •

 adverse
 weather conditions and other events of force
 majeure;

 •

 design
 or engineering changes; and

 •

 work
 stoppages and other labor disputes.

Significant
cost overruns or delays could adversely affect our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.  Additionally, failure to complete a
project on time may result in the delay of revenue from that rig, which also
could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

Our
customers may be unable to indemnify us.

Consistent
with standard industry practice, we typically obtain contractual indemnification
from our customers whereby they generally agree to protect and indemnify us for
liabilities resulting from various hazards associated with the drilling
industry.  We can provide no assurance, however, that our customers
will be financially able to meet these indemnification
obligations.  The failure of a customer to meet such obligations, the
failure of one or more of our insurance providers to meet claim obligations, or
losses or liabilities resulting from unindemnified, uninsured or underinsured
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.

We
are subject to governmental laws and regulations that could cause significant
costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource
damages.

Many
aspects of our operations are subject to governmental regulation in the areas of
equipping and operating vessels, drilling practices and methods, and
taxation.  In addition, the United States and other countries in which
we operate have regulations relating to environmental protection and pollution
control.  Rowan could become liable for damages resulting from
pollution of offshore waters and, under United States regulations, we must
document financial responsibility.  Generally, we are substantially
indemnified under our drilling contracts for pollution damages, except in
certain cases of pollution emanating above the surface of land or water from
spills of pollutants, or pollutants emanating from our drilling
rigs.  We can provide no assurance, however, that such indemnification
provisions can be enforced.

 13

 Table of Contents

 In late
2007, we entered into a plea agreement with the Environmental and Natural
Resources Division, Environmental Crimes Section of the U.S. Department of
Justice, as amended, under which we paid fines and made community service
payments totaling $9 million.  Additionally,  we agreed
to be subject to unsupervised probation for a period of three years in
connection with a criminal investigation of environmental matters involving
several of our offshore drilling rigs that at various times operated in the Gulf
of Mexico.  During the probation period we must ensure that we commit
no further criminal violations of federal, state, or local laws or regulations
and must also continue to implement our comprehensive Environmental Management
System Plan.

In the
United States, Rowan is subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state
statutes. OSHA requires us to provide our employees with information about the
chemicals used in our operations.  There are comparable requirements
in other non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate.

In
addition to the federal, state, and foreign regulations that directly affect our
operations, regulations associated with the production and transportation of oil
and gas affect the operations of our customers and thereby could potentially
impact demand for our services.

Regulation
of greenhouse gases and climate change could have a negative impact on our
business.

Some
scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly
referred to as “greenhouse gases” (“GHGs”) and including carbon dioxide and
methane, may be contributing to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere and other
climatic changes.  In response to such studies, the issue of climate
change and the effect of GHG emissions, in particular emissions from fossil
fuels, is attracting increasing attention worldwide.  Legislative and
regulatory measures to address concerns that emissions of GHGs are contributing
to climate change are in various phases of discussions or implementation at the
international, national, regional and state levels.

In 2005,
the Kyoto Protocol to the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, which established emission targets for GHGs, became binding on the
countries that had ratified it.  We currently operate one of our rigs
in eastern Canada, which is one of the countries that ratified the Kyoto
Protocol.  International discussions are underway to develop a treaty
to replace the Kyoto Protocol after its expiration in
2012.  

In the
United States, federal legislation imposing restrictions on GHGs is under
consideration.  Proposed legislation has been introduced that would
establish an economy-wide cap on emissions of GHGs and would require most
sources of GHG emissions to obtain GHG emission “allowances” corresponding to
their annual emissions.  In addition, the EPA is taking steps that
would result in the regulation of GHGs as pollutants under the Clean Air Act
(“CAA”).  To date, the EPA has issued (i) a “Mandatory Reporting of
Greenhouse Gases” final rule, effective December 29, 2009, which establishes a
new comprehensive scheme requiring operators of stationary sources in the United
States emitting more than established annual thresholds of carbon
dioxide-equivalent GHGs to inventory and report their GHG emissions annually;
and (ii) an "Endangerment Finding" final rule, effective January 14, 2010, which
states that current and projected concentrations of six key GHGs in the
atmosphere, as well as emissions from new motor vehicles and new motor vehicle
engines, threaten public health and welfare, allowing the EPA to finalize motor
vehicle GHG standards (the effect of which could reduce demand for motor fuels
refined from crude oil).  Finally, according to the EPA, the final
motor vehicle GHG standards will trigger construction and operating permit
requirements for stationary sources.  As a result, the EPA has
proposed to tailor these programs such that only large stationary sources will
be required to have air permits that authorize GHG emissions.

Because
our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas
industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties or international
agreements related to GHGs and climate change, including incentives to conserve
energy or use alternative energy sources, could have an adverse impact on our
business if such laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements reduce
the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas or otherwise result in reduced
economic activity generally.  In addition, such laws, regulations,
treaties or international agreements could result in increased compliance costs
or additional operating restrictions, which may have an adverse impact on our
business.  In addition to potential impacts on our business directly
or indirectly resulting from climate-change legislation or regulations, our
business also could be negatively affected by climate-change related physical
changes or changes in weather patterns.  An increase in severe weather
patterns could result in damages to or loss of our rigs, impact our ability to
conduct our operations and/or result in a disruption of our customer's
operations.

Also, on
June 26, 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed “American Clean
Energy and Security Act of 2009” or ACESA, which would establish an economy-wide
cap-and-trade program to reduce U.S. emissions of “greenhouse
gases.”   The net effect of ACESA would be to impose increasing
costs on the combustion of carbon-based fuels such as oil, refined petroleum
products, and natural gas.  The U.S. Senate has begun work on its own
legislation for restricting domestic greenhouse gas emissions, and the Obama
Administration has indicated its support of legislation to reduce greenhouse
gas

 14

 Table of Contents

emissions
through an emission allowance system.  Although it is not possible at this
time to predict when the Senate may act on climate change legislation or how any
bill passed by the Senate would be reconciled with ACESA, the adoption and
implementation of any CAA regulations, and any future federal, state or local
laws or implementing regulations that may be adopted to address greenhouse gas
emissions, could require us to incur increased operating costs and could
adversely affect demand for oil and natural gas and our services.  The
effect on our operations could include increased costs to operate and maintain
our equipment and facilities, install new emission controls on our equipment or
facilities, measure and report our emissions, acquire allowances to authorize
our greenhouse gas emissions, pay any taxes related to our greenhouse gas
emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions
program.

 Anti-takeover provisions in our
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws could make it difficult for holders of
our common stock to receive a 
premium for their shares upon a
change of control.

Holders
of the common stock of acquisition targets may receive a premium for their
shares upon a change of control. Delaware law and the following provisions,
among others, of our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws could have the
effect of delaying or preventing a change of control and could prevent holders
of our common stock from receiving such a premium:

 •

 Currently
 the affirmative vote of 80% of the outstanding shares of our capital stock
 is required to approve business combinations with any related person that
 has not been approved by our board of directors.  We are also
 subject to a provision of Delaware corporate law that prohibits us from
 engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for
 three years from the date that person became an interested stockholder
 unless specified conditions are
met.

 •

 Special
 meetings of stockholders may not be called by anyone other than our board
 of directors, our chairman, our executive committee or our president or
 chief executive officer.

 •

 Our
 board of directors is divided into three classes whose terms end in
 successive years, so that less than a majority of our board comes up for
 election at any annual meeting.

 •

 Our
 board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares
 of preferred stock and to determine the voting rights and other privileges
 of these shares without any vote or action by our
 stockholders.