You should consider carefully the following risk factors, in
 addition to the other information contained and incorporated by
 reference in this
 Form 10-K,
 before deciding to invest in our common stock.

 Our
 operations are volatile and heavily dependent upon commodity
 prices and other factors beyond our control.

 The success of our drilling operations depends heavily upon the
 condition of the oil and gas industry and the level of drilling
 activity. Demand for our drilling services is vulnerable to
 periodic declines in drilling activity that are typically
 associated with depressed oil and natural gas prices. Even the
 perceived risk of a decline in oil or natural gas prices may
 cause oil and gas companies to reduce their spending, in which
 case demand for our drilling services could decrease and our
 drilling revenues may be adversely affected by lower rig
 utilization and/or day rates. Oil and natural gas prices have
 historically been very volatile, and our drilling operations
 have in the past suffered through long periods of weak market
 conditions.

 Demand for our drilling services also depends on additional
 factors that are beyond our control, including:

 • 

 fluctuations in the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas;

 • 

 the willingness and ability of the Organization of Petroleum
 Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to limit production levels and
 influence prices;

 • 

 political and military conflicts in oil-producing areas and the
 effects of terrorism;

 • 

 the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

 • 

 laws, regulations and policies of various governments regarding
 exploration and development of their oil and natural gas
 reserves;

 • 

 domestic and international tax policies;

 • 

 disruption of exploration and development activities due to
 hurricanes and other severe weather conditions;

 • 

 advances in exploration and development technology; and

 • 

 further consolidation of our customer base.

 Our drilling operations will be adversely affected by future
 declines in oil and natural gas prices, but we cannot predict
 the extent of that effect. Nor can we assure you that a
 reduction in offshore drilling activity will not occur for other
 reasons. Our manufacturing operations, though less volatile, are
 also dependent on commodity prices which affect demand for rigs
 and rig components and mining and timber equipment and parts.

 The
 drilling industry has historically been cyclical, and periods of
 low demand could have an adverse effect on our operating
 results.

 The contract drilling industry has historically been cyclical,
 with periods of high demand, short rig supply and high day
 rates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply
 and low day rates. Although demand for drilling services is
 currently strong, there can be no assurances that demand will
 not decline in future periods. Strong

 11

Table of Contents

 demand has led to an increase in new rig construction and
 reactivation of cold-stacked rigs, which has increased price
 competition. We believe there are currently more than 80
 competitive
 jack-ups
 under construction or contracted for construction worldwide, or
 almost 20% of the existing fleet, and most of these do not have
 drilling contracts in place. There can be no assurance that the
 market in general, or a geographic area in particular, will be
 able to fully absorb these new rigs, and the addition of these
 rigs could lead to decreased rig utilization, increased price
 competition and lower day rates. Prolonged periods of low rig
 utilization and day rates could require us to enter into lower
 rate contracts or to idle rigs, which would have an adverse
 effect on our operating results and cash flows. Prolonged
 periods of low rig utilization and day rates could also result
 in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our
 drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon
 information available to management at the time, indicate that
 their carrying value may not be recoverable.

 We
 have incurred losses recently and over prolonged periods in the
 past, a circumstance that could occur again in the
 future.

 During 2003 and 2004, we incurred net losses of
 $7.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively. During
 2002, we incurred a net loss of $16 million exclusive of a
 gain related to the settlement of the Gorilla V lawsuit.
 During the

1985-1995
 period, we consistently incurred net losses that totaled more
 than $360 million. The inherent volatility of the
 businesses in which we operate makes it likely that we will
 incur additional losses in the future.

 Our
 markets are highly competitive, which may make it difficult for
 us to maintain satisfactory price levels.

 Our drilling and manufacturing markets are highly competitive,
 and no single participant is dominant. In our drilling markets,
 drilling contracts are often awarded on a competitive bid basis,
 with intense price competition frequently being the primary
 factor determining which qualified contractor is awarded the
 job, although rig availability and location, the
 contractor’s safety and operational record and the quality
 and technical capability of service and equipment are also
 factors. The delivery of more than 80 new
 jack-ups
 over the next three years, most of which do not currently have
 drilling contracts in place, will increase competition in the
 offshore drilling industry. Additionally, ongoing mergers among
 oil and natural gas exploration and production companies reduce
 the number of available customers and usually delay or cancel
 drilling projects, which may further increase competition in our
 drilling markets. Our manufacturing markets are also
 characterized by vigorous competition among several competitors.
 Some of our competitors possess greater financial resources than
 we do. We may have to reduce our prices in order to remain
 competitive in our markets, which could have an adverse effect
 on our operating results.

 Most
 of our contracts are fixed-price contracts, and increases in our
 operating costs could have an adverse effect on the
 profitability of those contracts.

 Most of our drilling contracts provide for the payment of a
 fixed day rate per rig operating day and our manufacturing
 contracts typically provide for a fixed price. However, many of
 our operating costs are unpredictable and vary based on events
 beyond our control. Our gross margins on these contracts will
 vary based on fluctuations in our operating costs during the
 terms of these contracts. If our costs increase or we encounter
 unforeseen costs, we may not be able to recover such costs from
 our customers, which could adversely affect our financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows. Our external
 manufacturing backlog has increased significantly over the past
 few years and consists mainly of fixed-price products and
 services to be delivered over the next 12 months.
 Accordingly, the magnitude of our exposure to possible losses on
 fixed-price contracts has increased along with the increase in
 the backlog. During 2007, we recognized a $15.8 million
 loss on a $130 million rig construction contract.

 Our
 fleet expansion program may encounter liquidity
 problems.

 If operating conditions deteriorate, our results of operations
 would suffer and working capital may not be adequate to finance
 our ongoing fleet expansion program. We have no existing credit
 facilities and outside financing may not be easily obtainable at
 a reasonable cost.

 We have in progress an offshore fleet expansion program under
 which we plan to spend approximately $287 million in 2008
 towards the completion of our fourth Tarzan Class

jack-up
 rig, the construction of three new

 12

Table of Contents

 240C class
 jack-ups and
 the completion of two new land rigs. Another $182 million
 is committed in 2008 for ongoing upgrades to existing equipment
 and facilities. In addition, we have outstanding commitments
 totaling $382 million during

2008-2011
 for the construction of four new 
Super 116E class

jack-ups at
 an outside shipyard. Currently, all of our planned capital
 expenditures are expected to be internally financed through
 working capital or operating cash flows. If we experience cost
 overruns or delays in our capital projects or if we should need
 additional financing and are unable to obtain it at commercially
 favorable rates, we could experience liquidity problems or be
 forced to suspend rig construction activities.

 Our
 results of operations will be adversely affected if we are
 unable to secure drilling contracts for our rigs on economically
 favorable terms.

 The drilling markets in which we compete frequently experience
 significant fluctuations in the demand for drilling services, as
 measured by the level of exploration and development
 expenditures, and the supply of capable drilling equipment. In
 response to fluctuation market conditions, we can, as we have
 done in the past, relocate drilling rigs from one geographic
 area to another, but only when such moves are economically
 justified over the longer term. If demand for our rigs declines,
 our rig utilization and day rates are generally adversely
 affected.

 We have not yet obtained drilling contracts for any of our nine
 jack-up rigs
 or two land rigs that are currently under construction, or on
 order, though the expansion of our drilling fleet increases our
 operating costs. We may be unable to secure economical drilling
 contracts for our new rigs, in which case their delivery will
 negatively impact our operating results.

 Rig
 upgrade, enhancement and new construction projects are subject
 to risks which could cause delays or cost overruns and adversely
 affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 With more than 80 new jack-up rigs under construction or on
 order for delivery over the next three years, many shipyards and
 third party equipment vendors are managing significant resource
 constraints to meet delivery obligations. Such constraints may
 lead to substantial delivery and commissioning delays of rigs
 and equipment, as well as equipment failures and/or performance
 deficiencies. In addition, new drilling rigs may experience
 start-up complications following delivery or other unexpected
 operational problems that could result in significant
 uncompensated downtime at reduced day rates or the cancellation
 or termination of drilling contracts. Rig construction projects
 are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any
 large construction project from numerous factors, including the
 following:

 • 

 shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

 • 

 unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and
 equipment or shipyard construction;

 • 

 failure of equipment to meet quality and/or performance
 standards;

 • 

 financial or operating difficulties of equipment vendors or the
 shipyard;

 • 

 unanticipated actual or purported change orders;

 • 

 inability to obtain required permits or approvals;

 • 

 unanticipated cost increases between order and delivery, which
 can be up to two years;

 • 

 adverse weather conditions and other events of force majeure;

 • 

 design or engineering changes; and

 • 

 work stoppages and other labor disputes.

 Significant cost overruns or delays could adversely affect our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
 Additionally, failure to complete a project on time may result
 in the delay of revenue from that rig, which also could
 adversely affect our financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows. The construction of our fourth Tarzan Class

jack-up
 rig, the 
J. P. Bussell, was originally subcontracted
 to an outside Gulf of Mexico shipyard and scheduled for delivery
 in the third quarter of 2007 at a total cost of approximately
 $145 million. As a result of

 13

Table of Contents

 various problems encountered on the project, the expected
 completion of the rig is now at least one year behind schedule
 and its expected final cost is at least 20% over the original
 estimate.

 Our
 four Super Gorilla class rigs and two of our Tarzan Class rigs
 are pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
 arrangements.

 If operating conditions deteriorate and if market conditions
 were to remain depressed for a long period of time, our results
 of operations would suffer and working capital and other
 financial resources may not be available or adequate to service
 our outstanding debt. Our four Super Gorilla class

jack-ups and
 two of our 
Tarzan Class

jack-ups
 are pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
 arrangements. If we were unable to service our debt, it is
 possible that these assets could be removed from our fleet, in
 which case our ability to generate revenues would be
 significantly reduced.

 If our
 customers terminate or seek to renegotiate our drilling
 contracts, our results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Some of our drilling contracts are cancelable by the customer
 upon specific notice by the customer, or upon the occurrence of
 events beyond our control, such as the loss or destruction of
 the rig or the suspension of drilling operations for a specified
 period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment.
 Although our contracts may require the customer to make an early
 termination payment upon cancellation of the contract, such
 payment may not be sufficient to fully compensate us for the
 loss of the contract. Early termination of a contract may result
 in a rig being idle for an extended period of time. Our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be
 adversely affected by customers’ early termination of
 contracts, especially if we are unable to re-contract the
 affected rig within a short period of time. Additionally, during
 adverse market conditions, a customer may be able to obtain a
 comparable rig at a lower daily rate, and as a result, may seek
 to renegotiate the terms of their existing drilling contract
 with us. The renegotiation of a number of our drilling contracts
 could adversely affect our financial position, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Failure
 to obtain or retain highly skilled personnel could adversely
 affect our operations.

 We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide
 technical services and support for our businesses. Competition
 for skilled and other labor required for our drilling operations
 has increased in recent years as the number of rigs activated or
 added to worldwide fleets has increased. Additionally, the
 competition for skilled and other labor required for our
 manufacturing operations has increased in recent years due to
 the significant expansion of businesses providing equipment and
 services to the energy industry. If this expansion continues and
 the demand for drilling services remains strong or increases,
 shortages of qualified personnel could develop, creating upward
 pressure on wages and making it more difficult to staff and
 service our rigs, which could adversely affect our operating
 results.

 Many
 of our drilling rigs are subject to damage or destruction by
 severe weather.

 Much of the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and offshore eastern
 Canada frequently experience hurricanes or other extreme weather
 conditions. Many of our offshore drilling rigs are located in
 these areas and are thus subject to damage or destruction by
 these storms. Damage caused by high winds and turbulent seas
 could cause us to suspend operations on such drilling rigs for
 significant periods of time until the damage can be repaired.
 Additionally, even if our drilling rigs are not directly damaged
 by such storms, we may still experience disruptions in our
 operations due to damage to our customer’s platforms and
 other related facilities in these areas. During Hurricanes
 Katrina and Rita in 2005, we lost four rigs and another was
 significantly damaged. Future storms could result in the loss or
 damage of additional rigs, which would adversely affect our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

 14

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to operating risks such as blowouts and well fires that
 could result in environmental damage, property loss, personal
 injury and death, some of which may not be covered by insurance
 or recoverable indemnification.

 Our drilling operations are subject to many hazards that could
 increase the likelihood of accidents. Accidents can result in:

 • 

 costly delays or cancellations of drilling operations;

 • 

 serious damage to or destruction of equipment;

 • 

 personal injury or death;

 • 

 significant impairment of producing wells, leased properties or
 underground geological formations; and

 • 

 major environmental damage.

 Our offshore drilling operations are also subject to marine
 hazards, either at offshore sites or while drilling equipment is
 under tow, such as vessel capsizings, collisions or groundings.
 In addition, raising and lowering
 jack-up rigs
 and drilling into high-pressure formations are complex,
 hazardous activities and we frequently encounter problems.

 Our manufacturing operations also present serious risks. Our
 manufacturing processes could pollute the air, land, and inland
 waters, and the products we manufacture could be implicated in
 lawsuits alleging environmental harm, property loss, personal
 injury and death.

 We have had accidents in the past demonstrating some of the
 hazards described above, including high pressure drilling
 accidents resulting in lost or damaged drilling formations and
 towing accidents resulting in lost drilling equipment. Any
 similar events could yield future operating losses and have
 significant adverse impact on our business.

 Our
 insurance coverage may be inadequate and has become more
 expensive.

 Our insurance coverage is subject to certain significant
 deductibles and levels of self-insurance, does not cover all
 types of losses and, in some situations, may not provide full
 coverage for losses or liabilities resulting from our
 operations. In addition, due to the losses sustained by us and
 the offshore drilling industry as a consequence of hurricanes
 that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico in 2004 and 2005, we may not
 be able to obtain future insurance coverage comparable with that
 of prior years, thus putting us at a greater risk of loss due to
 severe weather conditions and other hazards, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operations and cash flows. In addition, we are likely to
 continuing experiencing increased costs for available insurance
 coverage which may impose higher deductibles and limit maximum
 aggregated recoveries for certain perils, such as hurricane
 related windstorm damage or loss. We may be required to modify
 our risk management program in response to changes in the
 insurance market, including increased risk retention.

 Our
 customers may be unable to indemnify us.

 Consistent with standard industry practice, we typically obtain
 contractual indemnification from our customers whereby such
 customers generally agree to protect and indemnify us for
 liabilities resulting from various hazards associated with the
 drilling industry. However, there can be no assurance that our
 customers will be financially able to meet these indemnification
 obligations, and the failure of a customer to meet such
 obligations, the failure of one or more of our insurance
 providers to meet claim obligations, or losses or liabilities
 resulting from unindemnified, uninsured or underinsured events
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Government
 regulations and environmental risks, which reduce our business
 opportunities and increase our operating costs, might worsen in
 the future.

 Government regulations dictate design and operating criteria for
 drilling vessels, determine taxation levels to which we (and our
 customers) are subject, control and often limit access to
 potential markets and impose extensive

 15

Table of Contents

 requirements concerning employee safety, environmental
 protection and pollution control. Environmental regulations, in
 particular, prohibit access to some markets and make others less
 economical, increase equipment and personnel costs and often
 impose liability without regard to negligence or fault. In
 addition, governmental regulations may discourage our
 customers’ activities, reducing demand for our products and
 services. We may be liable for damages resulting from pollution
 of offshore waters and, under United States regulations, must
 establish financial responsibility in order to drill offshore.

 In response to the significant damage to offshore rigs in recent
 years caused by Gulf of Mexico hurricanes, various industry and
 regulatory organizations are considering additional operating
 constraints during the tropical storm season. Such constraints,
 if required, could limit the capability of many of the
 Company’s rigs to operate at certain locations in the Gulf
 of Mexico during a significant portion of each year. Depending
 upon the Company’s ability to obtain work elsewhere, the
 impact of these additional regulations could be to reduce the
 Company’s ability to generate drilling revenues.

 Our
 operations are increasingly being conducted in foreign
 areas.

 During 2006, we initiated a significant drilling operation in
 Saudi Arabia, returned to Trinidad and established manufacturing
 service and supply shops in Dubai and Singapore. Our Middle East
 operation more than doubled in size during 2007 and we will
 commence operations offshore West Africa in 2008. Foreign
 operations are often subject to political, economic and other
 uncertainties not typically encountered in domestic operations,
 such as arbitrary taxation policies, onerous customs
 restrictions, unstable currencies, security threats including
 terrorism and the risk of asset expropriation due to foreign
 sovereignty over operating areas. Any one of these factors could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows. Foreign drilling contracts
 may expose us to greater risks than we normally assume, such as
 the risk that the contract may be terminated by our customer
 without cause on short notice, contractually or by governmental
 action. While we believe that the terms of our contracts
 mitigate this risk, we can provide no assurance that such terms
 will be enforced, or that this increased exposure will not have
 a negative impact on our future operations.

 Anti-takeover
 provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws and
 stockholder rights plan could make it difficult for holders of
 our common stock to receive a premium for their shares upon a
 change of control.

 Holders of the common stock of acquisition targets may receive a
 premium for their shares upon a change of control. Delaware law
 and the following provisions, among others, of our Certificate
 of Incorporation, bylaws and rights plan could have the effect
 of delaying or preventing a change of control and could prevent
 holders of our common stock from receiving such a premium:

 • 

 The affirmative vote of 80% of the outstanding shares of our
 capital stock is required to approve business combinations with
 any related person that has not been approved by our board of
 directors. We are also subject to a provision of Delaware
 corporate law that prohibits us from engaging in a business
 combination with any interested stockholder for three years from
 the date that person became an interested stockholder unless
 specified conditions are met.

 • 

 Special meetings of stockholders may not be called by anyone
 other than our board of directors, our chairman, our executive
 committee or our president or chief executive officer.

 • 

 Our board of directors is divided into three classes whose terms
 end in successive years, so that less than a majority of our
 board comes up for election at any annual meeting.

 • 

 Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to
 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the
 voting rights and other privileges of these shares without any
 vote or action by our stockholders.

 • 

 We have adopted a stockholder rights plan that provides our
 stockholders rights to purchase junior preferred stock in
 certain circumstances, whereby the ownership of Rowan shares by
 a potential acquirer can be significantly diluted by the sale at
 a significant discount of additional Rowan shares to all other
 stockholders, which could discourage unsolicited acquisition
 proposals.

 16

Table of Contents