You should consider carefully the following risk factors, in
 addition to the other information contained and incorporated by
 reference in this
 Form 10-K,
 before deciding to invest in our common stock.

 Our
 operations are volatile and heavily dependent upon commodity
 prices and other factors beyond our control.

 The success of our drilling operations depends heavily upon the
 condition of the oil and gas industry and the level of offshore
 drilling activity. Demand for our drilling services is
 vulnerable to periodic declines in drilling

 10

Table of Contents

 activity that are typically associated with depressed oil and
 natural gas prices. Oil and natural gas prices have historically
 been very volatile, and our drilling operations have in the past
 suffered through long periods of weak market conditions.

 Demand for our drilling services also depends on additional
 factors that are beyond our control, including:

 • 

 fluctuations in the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas;

 • 

 the willingness and ability of the Organization of Petroleum
 Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to limit production levels and
 influence prices;

 • 

 political and military conflicts in oil-producing areas and the
 effects of terrorism;

 • 

 the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

 • 

 laws, regulations and policies of various governments regarding
 exploration and development of their oil and natural gas
 reserves;

 • 

 advances in exploration and development technology; and

 • 

 further consolidation of our customer base.

 Our drilling operations will be adversely affected by future
 declines in oil and natural gas prices, but we cannot predict
 the extent of that effect. Nor can we assure you that a
 reduction in offshore drilling activity will not occur for other
 reasons. Our manufacturing operations, though less volatile, are
 also dependent on commodity prices which affect demand for rigs
 and rig components and mining and timber equipment.

 We have
 incurred losses recently and over prolonged periods in the past,
 a circumstance that could occur again in the future.

 In 2004, we incurred a net loss of $1.3 million. In 2003,
 we incurred a $3.3 million net loss from continuing
 operations. In 2002, we experienced a 19% decline in revenues
 and incurred a loss from operations of $26.1 million.
 During the
 1985-1995
 period, we consistently incurred net losses that totaled more
 than $360 million. The inherent volatility of the
 businesses in which we operate makes it likely that we will
 incur additional losses in the future.

 Our
 markets are highly competitive, which may make it difficult for
 us to maintain satisfactory price levels.

 Our drilling and manufacturing markets are highly competitive,
 and no single participant is dominant. In our drilling markets,
 drilling contracts are often awarded on a competitive bid basis,
 with intense price competition frequently being the primary
 factor determining which qualified contractor is awarded the
 job, although rig availability and location, the
 contractor’s safety and operational record and the quality
 and technical capability of service and equipment are also
 factors. Additionally, recent mergers among oil and natural gas
 exploration and production companies have reduced the number of
 available customers, which may further increase competition in
 our drilling markets. Our manufacturing markets are also
 characterized by vigorous competition among several competitors.
 Some of our competitors possess greater financial resources than
 we do. We may have to reduce our prices in order to remain
 competitive in our markets, which could have an adverse effect
 on our operating results.

 The
 drilling history has historically been cyclical, and periods of
 low demand could have an adverse effect on our operating
 results.

 The contract drilling industry has historically been cyclical,
 with periods of high demand, short rig supply and high day
 rates, followed by periods of lower demand, excess rig supply
 and low day rates. Although demand for drilling services is
 currently strong, there can be no assurances that demand will
 not decline in future periods. Strong demand may lead to an
 increase in new rig construction and reactivation of
 cold-stacked rigs, which could lead to increased price
 competition. We believe there are currently approximately
 50 competitive jack-ups under construction or contracted
 for construction worldwide. There can be no assurances that the
 market will be able to fully absorb the addition of these new
 rigs to the worldwide fleet, and the addition of these rigs
 could lead to decreased rig utilization, increased price
 competition and lower day rates. Prolonged periods of low rig
 utilization and day rates

 11

Table of Contents

 require us to enter into lower rate contracts or idle rigs,
 which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and
 cash flows. Prolonged periods of low rig utilization and day
 rates could also result in the recognition of impairment charges
 on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates,
 based upon information available to management at the time,
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable.

 Most of
 our drilling contracts are fixed day rate contracts, and
 increases in our operating costs could have an adverse effect on
 the profitability of those contracts.

 Most of our contracts with customers for our drilling units
 provide for the payment of a fixed day rate per rig operating
 day. However, many of our operating costs are unpredictable and
 vary based on events beyond our control. Our gross margins on
 these fixed day rate contracts will vary based on fluctuations
 in our operating costs during the terms of these contracts. If
 our costs increase or we encounter unforeseen costs, we may not
 be able to recover such costs from our customers, which could
 adversely affect our financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 Our fleet
 expansion program may encounter liquidity problems.

 If operating conditions deteriorate, our results of operations
 would suffer and working capital may not be adequate to finance
 our ongoing fleet expansion program. Because outside financing
 may not be available, we could be forced to suspend rig
 construction activities.

 We have in progress an offshore fleet expansion program under
 which we plan to spend approximately $515 million over the
 2006-2009
 period towards the completion of our third and fourth 
Tarzan
 Class

jack-up
 rigs and the construction of two new 240C rigs. Another
 $257 million is committed in 2006 toward the construction
 of 12 new land rigs and for ongoing upgrades to existing
 equipment and facilities. We currently have no available lines
 of credit, thus all of our expected capital expenditures over
 the next two to three years may need to be internally financed
 through working capital or operating cash flows. If we
 experience cost overruns or delays in our capital projects or if
 we should need additional financing and are unable to obtain it
 at commercially favorable rates, we could experience liquidity
 problems.

 Rig
 upgrade, enhancement and new construction projects are subject
 to risks which could cause delays or cost overruns and adversely
 affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 As noted above, we currently have a substantial fleet expansion
 program in progress. These projects and other projects of this
 type are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in
 any large construction project from numerous factors, including
 the following:

 • 

 shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

 • 

 unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and
 equipment;

 • 

 inability to obtain required permits or approvals;

 • 

 unanticipated cost increases;

 • 

 adverse weather conditions;

 • 

 design or engineering problems; and

 • 

 work stoppages.

 Significant cost overruns or delays could adversely affect our
 financial condition of operations. Additionally, failure to
 complete a project on time may result in the delay of revenue
 from that rig, which also could adversely affect our financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our Super
 Gorilla and Tarzan Class offshore
 jack-up
 drilling rigs are pledged as security under our
 government-guaranteed debt arrangements.

 If operating conditions deteriorate and if market conditions
 were to remain depressed for a long period of time, our results
 of operations would suffer and working capital and other
 financial resources may not be available or

 12

Table of Contents

 adequate to service our outstanding debt. Our four Super
 Gorilla class jack-ups and our two 
Tarzan Class

jack-ups are
 pledged as security under our government-guaranteed debt
 arrangements. If we were unable to service our debt, it is
 possible that these assets could be removed from our fleet, in
 which case our ability to generate revenues would be
 significantly reduced.

 Our
 results of operations will be adversely affected if we are
 unable to secure drilling contracts for our rigs on economically
 favorable terms.

 The drilling markets in which we compete frequently experience
 significant fluctuations in the demand for drilling services, as
 measured by the level of exploration and development
 expenditures, and the supply of capable drilling equipment. In
 response to fluctuating market conditions, we can, as we have
 done in the past, relocate drilling rigs from one geographic
 area to another, but only when such moves are economically
 justified over the longer term. If demand for our rigs declines,
 our rig utilization and day rates are generally adversely
 affected.

 The expansion of our drilling fleet increases our daily
 operating costs. We may be unable to secure economical drilling
 contracts for our new rigs, in which case their delivery will
 negatively impact our operating results.

 If our
 customers terminate or seek to renegotiate our drilling
 contracts, our results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Some of our drilling contracts are cancelable by the customer
 upon specific notice by the customer, or upon the occurrence of
 events beyond our control, such as the loss or destruction of
 the rig or the suspension of drilling operations for a specified
 period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment.
 Although our contracts may require the customer to make an early
 termination payment upon cancellation of the contract, such
 payment may not be sufficient to fully compensate us for the
 loss of the contract. Early termination of a contract may result
 in a rig being idle for an extended period of time. Our
 revenues, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely
 affected by customers’ early termination of contracts,
 especially if we are unable to
 re-contract
 the affected rig within a short period of time. Additionally,
 during adverse market conditions, a customer may be able to
 obtain a comparable rig at a lower daily rate, and as a result,
 may seek to renegotiate the terms of their existing drilling
 contract with us. The renegotiation of a number of our drilling
 contracts could adversely affect our revenues, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Failure
 to obtain or retain highly skilled personnel could adversely
 affect our operations.

 We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide
 technical services and support for our businesses. Competition
 for skilled and other labor required for our drilling operations
 has increased in recent years as the number of rigs activated or
 added to worldwide fleets has increased. If this expansion
 continues and the demand for drilling services remains strong or
 increases, shortages of qualified personnel could develop,
 creating upward pressure on wages and making it more difficult
 to staff and service our rigs, which could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 Many of
 our drilling rigs are subject to damage or destruction by severe
 weather.

 Much of the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and offshore eastern
 Canada experience hurricanes or other extreme weather conditions
 on a relatively frequent basis. Many of our offshore drilling
 rigs are located in these areas and are thus subject to damage
 or destruction by these storms. Damage caused by high winds and
 turbulent seas could cause us to suspend operations on such
 drilling rigs for significant periods of time until the damage
 can be repaired. Additionally, even if our drilling rigs are not
 directly damaged by such storms, we may still experience
 disruptions in our operations due to damage to our
 customer’s platforms and other related facilities in these
 areas. During Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, we lost four
 rigs and another was significantly damaged. Future storms could
 result in the loss or damage of additional rigs, which could
 adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 13

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to operating risks such as blowouts and well fires that
 could result in environmental damage, property loss, personal
 injury and death, some of which may not be covered by insurance
 or recoverable indemnification.

 Our drilling operations are subject to many hazards that could
 increase the likelihood of accidents. Accidents can result in:

 • 

 costly delays or cancellations of drilling operations;

 • 

 serious damage to or destruction of equipment;

 • 

 personal injury or death;

 • 

 significant impairment of producing wells, leased properties or
 underground geological formations; and

 • 

 major environmental damage.

 Our offshore drilling operations are also subject to marine
 hazards, either at offshore sites or while drilling equipment is
 under tow, such as vessel capsizings, collisions or groundings.
 In addition, raising and lowering
 jack-up rigs
 and drilling into high-pressure formations are complex,
 hazardous activities and we frequently encounter problems.

 Our manufacturing operations also present serious risks. Our
 manufacturing processes could pollute the air, land, and inland
 waters, and the products we manufacture could be implicated in
 lawsuits alleging environmental harm, property loss, personal
 injury and death.

 We have had accidents in the past demonstrating some of the
 hazards described above, including high pressure drilling
 accidents resulting in lost or damaged drilling formations and
 towing accidents resulting in lost drilling equipment. Any
 similar events could yield future operating losses and have
 significant adverse impact on our business.

 We currently maintain broad insurance coverage, subject to
 certain significant deductibles and levels of self-insurance,
 but it does not cover all types of losses, and in some
 situations it may not provide full coverage of losses or
 liabilities resulting from our operations. Further, due to the
 losses sustained by us and the offshore drilling industry as a
 consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico in
 2004 and 2005, we may not be able to obtain future insurance
 coverage comparable with that of prior years, thus putting us at
 a greater risk of loss due to severe weather conditions and
 other hazards, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In
 addition, we are likely to experience increased costs for
 available insurance coverage which may impose higher deductibles
 and limit maximum aggregated recoveries for certain perils, such
 as hurricane related windstorm damage or loss. We may be
 required to modify our risk management program in response to
 changes in the insurance market, including increased risk
 retention.

 Consistent with standard industry practice, we typically obtain
 contractual indemnification from our customers whereby such
 customers generally agree to protect and indemnify us for
 liabilities resulting from various hazards associated with the
 drilling industry. However, there can be no assurance that our
 customers will be financially able to meet these indemnification
 obligations, and the failure of a customer to meet such
 obligations, the failure of one or more of our insurance
 providers to meet claim obligations, or losses or liabilities
 resulting from unindemnified, uninsured or underinsured events
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Government
 regulations and environmental risks, which reduce our business
 opportunities and increase our operating costs, might worsen in
 the future.

 Government regulations dictate design and operating criteria for
 drilling vessels, determine taxation levels to which we (and our
 customers) are subject, control and often limit access to
 potential markets and impose extensive requirements concerning
 employee safety, environmental protection and pollution control.
 Environmental regulations, in particular, prohibit access to
 some markets and make others less economical, increase equipment
 and personnel costs and often impose liability without regard to
 negligence or fault. In addition, governmental regulations may
 discourage our customers’ activities, reducing demand for
 our products and services. We may

 14

Table of Contents

 be liable for damages resulting from pollution of offshore
 waters and, under United States regulations, must establish
 financial responsibility in order to drill offshore.

 In response to the significant damage to offshore rigs in recent
 years caused by Gulf of Mexico hurricanes, various industry and
 regulatory organizations are considering additional operating
 constraints during the tropical storm season. Such constraints,
 if required, could limit the capability of many of the
 Company’s rigs to operate at certain locations in the Gulf
 of Mexico during a significant portion of each year. Depending
 upon the Company’s ability to obtain work elsewhere, the
 impact of these additional regulations could be to reduce the
 Company’s ability to generate drilling revenues.

 Anti-takeover
 provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws and
 stockholder rights plan could make it difficult for holders of
 our common stock to receive a premium for their shares upon a
 change of control.

 Holders of the common stock of acquisition targets may receive a
 premium for their shares upon a change of control. Delaware law
 and the following provisions, among others, of our Certificate
 of Incorporation, bylaws and rights plan could have the effect
 of delaying or preventing a change of control and could prevent
 holders of our common stock from receiving such a premium:

 • 

 The affirmative vote of 80% of the outstanding shares of our
 capital stock is required to approve business combinations with
 any related person that have not been approved by our board of
 directors. We are also subject to a provision of Delaware
 corporate law that prohibits us from engaging in a business
 combination with any interested stockholder for three years from
 the date that person became an interested stockholder unless
 specified conditions are met.

 • 

 Special meetings of stockholders may not be called by anyone
 other than our board of directors, its chairman, its executive
 committee or our president or chief executive officer.

 • 

 Our board of directors is divided into three classes whose terms
 end in successive years, so that less than a majority of our
 board comes up for election at any annual meeting.

 • 

 Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to
 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the
 voting rights and other privileges of these shares without any
 vote or action by our stockholders.

 • 

 We have adopted a stockholder rights plan that provides our
 stockholders rights to purchase junior preferred stock in
 certain circumstances, whereby the ownership of Rowan shares by
 a potential acquirer can be significantly diluted by the sale at
 a significant discount of additional Rowan shares to all other
 stockholders, which could discourage unsolicited acquisition
 proposals.