Set
forth below are certain risks and cautionary statements, which supplement other disclosures in this report. 

Moreover,
certain statements contained in this report and the documents incorporated by reference in this report, including in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, constitute “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that is not strictly a
historical statement (for example, statements regarding current or future financial performance, management’s plans and objectives for future operations, product plans and performance, management’s expectations regarding market risk and
market penetration, management’s assessment of market factors or strategies, objectives and plans of Red Hat and its partners). Words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “expects,” “estimates,”
“intends,” “plans,” “projects,” and similar expressions, may also identify such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Red Hat’s future
performance and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Red Hat’s actual results to differ materially from those found in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends. These risks and uncertainties
include the risks and cautionary statements detailed below and elsewhere in this report as well as in Red Hat’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), copies of which may be accessed through the SEC’s
web site at http://www.sec.gov. Readers are urged to carefully review these risks and cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report represent our views as of the date of this report. We specifically disclaim any
obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this report. 

RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS UNCERTAINTY 

Ongoing uncertainty regarding the duration and extent of the recent economic downturn and in global economic and market conditions generally could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Economic weakness and uncertainty, tightened credit markets and constrained IT spending from time
to time contribute to slowdowns in the technology industry, as well as in the specific segments and markets in which we operate, which may result in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. Our operating results
in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region, such as the challenges that are currently affecting economic conditions in the United States and elsewhere. Continuing
uncertainty about future economic conditions may, among other things, negatively impact our current and prospective customers and result in delays or reductions in technology purchases or lengthen our sales cycle. Adverse economic conditions also
may negatively impact our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do business. In addition, these conditions may impact our investment portfolio, and we could determine that some of
our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring an impairment charge that could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Also, these conditions may make it more difficult to
forecast operating results. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in the United States or other key markets, remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, companies may delay or reduce their IT spending,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

If we fail to continue to establish and maintain strategic distribution and other collaborative
relationships with industry-leading companies, we may not be able to attract and retain a larger customer base. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to continue to establish and maintain strategic distribution and other collaborative relationships with industry-leading hardware manufacturers, distributors, software vendors and enterprise solutions providers
such as Cisco Systems, Inc. (“Cisco”), Dell Inc. (“Dell”), Fujitsu Limited (“Fujitsu”), Hewlett-Packard Co. (“HP”), International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”), NEC Corporation
(“NEC”), Oracle Corporation (“Oracle”), SAP AG (“SAP”) and others. These relationships allow us to offer our products and services to a much larger customer base than we would otherwise be able through our direct sales
and marketing efforts. We may not be able to maintain these relationships or replace them on attractive terms. In addition, our existing strategic relationships do not, and any future strategic relationships may not, afford us any exclusive
marketing or distribution rights. Some of our channel partners offer competing products and services. As a result of these factors, many of the companies with which we have strategic alliances may choose to pursue alternative technologies and
develop alternative products and services in addition to or in lieu of our products and services, either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that the companies with which we have
strategic relationships will market our products effectively or continue to devote the resources necessary to provide us with effective sales, marketing and technical support. 

We rely, to a significant degree, on indirect sales channels for the distribution of our products and services, and disruption within these channels could adversely affect our business and results of
operations. 

We use a variety of different indirect distribution methods to sell our products and services, including
channel partners such as OEMs, distributors and resellers. A number of these partners in turn distribute via their own networks of channel partners with whom we have no direct relationship. We rely, to a significant degree, on each of our channel
partners to select, screen and maintain relationships with its distribution network and for the distribution of our products and services in a manner that is consistent with Red Hat’s quality standards. Our channel partners may not distribute
and market our products and services effectively. 

Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in
the use of our enterprise technologies requires significant time and resources. If we fail to devote sufficient resources to support and expand our network of channel partners, our results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition,
because we rely on channel partners for the indirect distribution of our enterprise technologies, we may have little or no contact with the ultimate end-users of our products, thereby making it more difficult for us to establish brand awareness,
ensure proper delivery and installation of our products, support ongoing customer requirements, estimate end-user demand, respond to evolving customer needs and obtain subscription renewals from end-users. 

If our indirect distribution channel is disrupted, we may be required to devote more resources to distribute our products directly and
support our customers, which may not be as effective and could lead to higher costs, reduced revenue and growth that is slower than expected. 

We have entered into and may continue to enter into or seek to enter into business combinations and acquisitions, which may be difficult to complete
and integrate, disrupt our business, divert management’s attention, adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations and dilute stockholder value. 

As part of our business strategy, we have in the past entered into business combinations and acquisitions, and we may continue to do so in the future. Acquisitions present significant challenges and
risks, including: 

·

 The difficulty of integrating the operations, systems, technology and personnel of the acquired business; 

·

 The difficulty of gathering full information regarding a company or technology prior to an acquisition, including the identification and assessment of
liabilities, claims or other circumstances that could result in litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected tax implications and other adverse effects on our business; 

20 

Table of Contents

·

 The maintenance of acceptable standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

·

 The potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 

·

 The impairment of relationships with our employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management and other personnel;

·

 The inability to maintain relationships with customers of the acquired business; 

·

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

·

 The potential loss of key employees of the acquired business; 

·

 Challenges in maintaining good and effective relations with existing business partners or of those of the acquired business, including as a result of
the changes in the competitive landscape effected by the acquisition; 

·

 The difficulty and expense of incorporating and further developing acquired technology and rights into our products and services and of maintaining
quality standards consistent with our brand; 

·

 The potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition; 

·

 Expenses related to the acquisition; 

·

 Claims and liabilities we may assume from the acquired business or technology, or that are otherwise related to the acquisition;

·

 Operating expenses related to the acquired business or technology; 

·

 The risk of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience; 

·

 Potential impairment of tangible assets and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in acquisitions; 

·

 For foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic,
political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and 

·

 The dilutive impact on our current stockholders’ percentage of ownership as a result of issuing shares of our common stock in connection with an
acquisition or business combination. 

There can be no assurance that we will manage these challenges and
risks successfully. Moreover, if we are not successful in completing acquisitions that we have pursued or may pursue, our business may be adversely affected, and we may incur substantial expenses and divert significant management time and resources.
In addition, in pursuing such acquisitions, we could use substantial portions of our available cash as all or a portion of the purchase price. We could also issue additional securities as consideration for these acquisitions, which could cause our
stockholders to suffer significant dilution, or we may incur substantial debt. Any acquisition may not generate additional revenue or profit for us, which may adversely affect our operating results. 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 

We have expanded our operations rapidly in recent years. For example, our total revenue increased from $748.2 million for the fiscal year
ended February 28, 2010 to $909.3 million for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011. Moreover, the total number of our employees increased from over 3,200 as of February 28, 2010 to over 3,700 as of February 28, 2011 and is
expected to generally increase in the foreseeable future. In addition, we continue to explore ways to extend our product and service offerings and geographic reach. Our growth has placed and will likely continue to place a strain on our management
systems, information systems, resources and internal controls. Our ability to successfully offer products and services and implement our business plan requires adequate information systems and resources and oversight from our senior management.

21 

Table of Contents

As we expand in international markets, these challenges increase as a result of the need to support a growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems,
dispute resolution systems, regulatory systems and commercial practices. As we grow, we must also continue to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. We may not be able to adequately screen and hire or adequately train, supervise and manage
sufficient personnel or develop management, or effectively manage and develop our controls and oversight functions and information systems to adequately manage our expansion effectively. If we are unable to adequately manage our growth and
expansion, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We include software licensed
from other parties in our enterprise technology offerings, the loss of which could increase our costs and delay software shipments. 

We utilize various types of software licensed from unaffiliated third parties in our enterprise technology offerings. Aspects of our business could be disrupted if any of the software we license from
others or functional equivalents of this software were no longer available to us, no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms or changed in ways or included defects that made the third-party software unsuitable for our use. In these
cases, we would be required to either redesign our products to function with software available from other parties, develop these components ourselves or eliminate the functionality, which could result in increased costs, the need to mitigate
customer issues, delays in our product shipments and the release of new product offerings and limit the features available in our current or future products. 

We may not be able to continue to attract and retain capable management. 

Our future success depends on the continued services and effectiveness of a number of key management personnel, including our CEO, who
assumed his role on January 1, 2008. Our ability to retain key management personnel or hire capable new management personnel as we grow may be challenged to the extent the technology sector performs well and/or if companies with more generous
compensation packages or greater perceived growth opportunities compete for the same personnel. In addition, historically we have used share-based compensation as a key component of our compensation packages. Changes in the accounting for
share-based compensation could adversely affect our earnings or force us to use more cash compensation to attract and retain capable personnel. If the price of our common stock falls, the value of our share-based awards to the recipient is reduced.
Such events, or if we are unable to secure shareholder approval for increases in the number of shares eligible for share-based compensation grants, could adversely affect our ability to successfully attract and retain key management personnel.
Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key management personnel could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 

We depend on our key non-management employees, the loss of which could adversely affect our business or stock price and diminish the Red Hat brand.

Competition in our industry for qualified employees, especially technical employees, is intense and from time to time our
competitors directly target our employees. The loss of the technical knowledge and industry expertise of any of these individuals could seriously impede our success. Moreover, the loss of these individuals, particularly to a competitor, some of
which may be in a position to offer greater compensation, and any resulting loss of customers could reduce our market share and diminish the Red Hat brand and adversely affect our business or stock price. We have from time to time in the past
experienced, and we may experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. 

A number of our key employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a significant amount of their equity compensation awards. Employees may be more likely to leave us after a significant portion of
their equity compensation awards fully vest, especially if the shares underlying the equity awards have significantly appreciated in value. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our key employees and attracting new key personnel, our
business, its financial performance and our stock price may decline. 

22 

Table of Contents

Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow,
we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be harmed. 

We believe
that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, creativity and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures,
we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. If we are unable to maintain our corporate culture, we may find it difficult to attract and retain motivated employees. 

Our subscription-based contract model may encounter customer resistance or we may experience a decline in the demand for our products. 

We provide Red Hat enterprise technologies under annual or multi-year subscriptions. Through the life of a subscription, a customer is
entitled to specified levels of support as well as security updates, bug fixes, functionality enhancements and upgrades to the technology, when and if available, via the Red Hat Customer Portal. While we believe this practice complies with the
requirements of the GNU General Public License, and while we have reviewed this practice with the Free Software Foundation, the organization that maintains and provides interpretations of the GNU General Public License, we may still encounter
customer resistance to this distribution model or customers may fail to honor the terms of our subscription agreements. To the extent we are unsuccessful in promoting or defending this distribution model, our business and operating results could be
materially and adversely affected. In addition, our customers generally undertake a significant evaluation process that may result in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort, and money on our sales efforts without any assurance that
our efforts will produce any sales. As technologies and the markets for our enterprise offerings change, our subscription-based contract model may no longer meet the needs of our customers. If we are unable to adapt our contract model to changes in
the marketplace, our business and operating results could be adversely impacted. 

If our current and future customers do not renew their
subscription agreements with us, our operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Our customers may not renew their
subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their subscription agreements and in fact, some customers elect not to do so. In addition, our customers may opt for a lower-priced edition of our offerings or for fewer subscriptions. We have
limited historical data with respect to rates of customer subscription renewals, so we cannot accurately predict customer renewal rates. Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their
level of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. Government contracts could be subject to future funding that may affect the extension or termination of programs and generally are subject to
the right of the government to terminate for convenience or non-appropriation. If we experience a decline in the renewal rates for our customers or they opt for lower-priced editions of our offerings or fewer subscriptions, our operating results may
be adversely impacted. 

If open source software programmers, most of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and enhance open
source technologies, we may be unable to develop new products, adequately enhance our existing products or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price. 

We rely to a significant degree on a number of largely informal communities of independent open source software programmers to develop and enhance our products. For example, Linus Torvalds, a prominent
open source software developer, and a relatively small group of software engineers, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of the Linux kernel, which is the heart of the Red Hat Enterprise
Linux operating system. If these groups of programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, we would have to rely on other parties to develop and enhance our

23 

Table of Contents

products or we would need to develop and enhance our products with our own resources. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from
reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our product release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Moreover, if third-party software programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance
open source technologies, the development and adoption of these technologies could be stifled and our products could become less competitive. Delays in developing, completing or shipping new or enhanced products could result in delayed or reduced
revenue for those products and could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings. 

If third-party enterprise hardware and
software providers do not continue to make offerings compatible with our offerings, our software may cease to be competitive and our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

The competitive position of our offerings is dependent on their compatibility with offerings of third-party enterprise hardware and
software companies. To the extent that a software or hardware vendor might have or develop products that compete with ours, the vendor may have an incentive to seek to limit the performance, functionality or compatibility of our offerings when used
with one or more of the vendor’s offerings. In addition, these vendors may fail to support or issue statements of compatibility or certification of our offerings when used with their offerings. We intend to encourage the development of
additional applications that operate on both current and new versions of our offerings by, among other means, attracting third-party developers to Red Hat Enterprise Linux and JBoss Enterprise middleware technologies, providing open source tools to
create these applications and maintaining our existing developer relationships through marketing and technical support. We intend to encourage the compatibility of our software with various third-party hardware and software offerings by maintaining
and expanding our relationships, both business and technical, with relevant independent hardware and software vendors. If we are not successful in achieving these goals, however, our products may not be competitive and our business and financial
performance may be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to predict the future course of open source technology development, which could
reduce the market appeal of our products and damage our reputation. 

We do not exercise control over many aspects of the
development of open source technology. Different groups of open source software programmers compete with one another to develop new technology. Typically, the technology developed by one group will become more widely used than that developed by
others. If we acquire or adopt new technology and incorporate it into our products but competing technology becomes more widely used or accepted, the market appeal of our products may be reduced and that could harm our reputation, diminish the Red
Hat brand and result in decreased revenue. 

Because of the characteristics of open source software, there are few technology barriers to
entry in the open source market by new competitors and it may be relatively easy for competitors, some of which may have greater resources than we have, to enter our markets and compete with us. 

One of the characteristics of open source software is that anyone can modify and redistribute the existing open source software and use it
to compete with us. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for new competitors with greater resources than ours to develop their own open
source solutions, potentially reducing the demand for, and putting price pressure on, our solutions. For example, Oracle Corporation (“Oracle”) has developed its own version of the Linux operating system and sells support both for its
version of the Linux operating system and for Red Hat Enterprise Linux. In addition, some competitors make their open source software available for free download and use on an ad hoc basis or may position their open source software as a loss leader.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure and/or the availability of open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and
loss of market share, any one of which could seriously harm our business. 

24 

Table of Contents

Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results.

There has been a trend in industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as
companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, in early 2010, Oracle completed its acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
(“Sun”). Oracle’s acquisition of Sun creates a large, integrated supplier of enterprise software that also provides hardware optimized for these software products. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger
competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing industry. Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our ongoing business and may present risks not
originally contemplated. 

We operate in highly competitive markets that are characterized by rapid technological change and
frequent new product and service announcements. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development in order to enhance our existing products and services and introduce new high-quality products and services. If we are
unable to ensure that our users and customers have a high-quality experience with our products and services, then they may become dissatisfied and move to competitors’ products and services. In addition, if we are unable to predict user
preferences or industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis, we may lose customers. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services to evolving industry standards and to improve the performance and reliability of our
services. Our failure to adapt to such changes could harm our business. In addition, the widespread adoption of other technological changes could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. Delays in
developing, completing or shipping new or enhanced offerings and technologies could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those offerings and could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings and technologies. The success of new
and enhanced offering introductions depends on several factors, including our ability to develop and complete new products in a timely manner, successfully promote the offerings, manage the risks associated with the offerings, make sufficient
resources available to support them and address any quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. 

Moreover,
we believe that our continued success depends on our investing in new business strategies or initiatives that complement our strategic direction and product road map. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including
distraction of management’s attention away from other business operations, and insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities and expenses undertaken with such strategies and initiatives. Because these endeavors may be inherently risky,
no assurance can be given that such endeavors will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance a strong brand. 

We believe that the brand identity that we have developed has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also believe
that maintaining and enhancing the Red Hat brand is important to expanding our customer base and attracting talented employees. In order to maintain and enhance our brand, we may be required to make substantial investments that may not be
successful. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur excessive costs in doing so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining our brand will depend in part on our
ability to remain a leader in open source technology and our ability to continue to provide high-quality products and services. 

25 

Table of Contents

Our Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization and cloud computing offerings are based on emerging technologies,
and the potential market for these offerings remains uncertain. 

Our Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization and cloud computing
product offerings and related services are based on emerging technologies, the success of which will depend on the perceived technological and operational benefits and cost savings associated with the adoption of these technologies. The market for
these products and services remains uncertain. In addition, we may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends. To the extent that the adoption of virtualization and cloud computing offerings occurs more slowly or less
pervasively than we expect, the revenue growth associated with these products and services may be slower than currently expected, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If our growth rate slows, our stock price could be adversely impacted. 

As the markets for our products mature and the scale of our business increases, the rate of growth in our product sales will likely be lower than those we have experienced in earlier periods. In addition,
to the extent that the adoption of our products and services occurs more slowly or is less pervasive than we expect, our revenue growth rates may slow materially or our revenue may decline substantially, which could adversely affect our stock price.

Security and privacy breaches may expose us to liability and harm our reputation and business. 

Our security and testing measures may not prevent security breaches that could harm our business. Advances in computer capabilities, new
discoveries in the field of cryptography, inadequate technology or facility security measures or other factors may result in a compromise or breach of our systems and the data we process. Our security measures may be breached as a result of actions
by third parties or employee error or malfeasance. Any compromise of our systems or the data we process could harm our reputation or financial condition and, therefore, our business. In addition, a party who is able to circumvent our security
measures or exploit inadequacies in our security measures, could, among other effects, misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruptions in our operations or expose customers to computer viruses or other disruptions or vulnerabilities.
Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by customers, partners or other third parties, which could be material. While our customer agreements typically contain provisions that seek to limit our liability, there is no
assurance these provisions will be enforceable and effective under applicable law. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant. 

We are vulnerable to system failures, which could harm our reputation and business. 

We rely on our technology infrastructure for many functions, including selling our products and services, supporting our partners,
fulfilling orders and billing, collecting and making payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer intrusions and viruses, software errors,
computer denial-of-service attacks and other events. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Our systems are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and
intentional acts of vandalism by internal employees, contractors and third parties. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation,
business and financial condition. We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from interruptions in our services as a result of system failures or to cover all contingencies. Any
interruption in the availability of our websites and on-line interactions with customers and partners would create a large volume of user questions and complaints that would need to be addressed by our support personnel. If our support personnel
cannot meet this demand, customer and partner satisfaction levels may fall, which in turn could cause additional claims, reduced revenue or loss of customers. 

26 

Table of Contents

A decline in or reprioritization of funding in the U.S. government budget or delays in the budget
process could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. 

We derive, and expect to continue to derive,
a portion of our revenue from U.S. government agencies. Concerns about increased deficit spending, along with continued economic challenges, continue to place pressure on U.S. government spending. The termination of, or delayed or reduced funding
for, programs or contracts from which we derive revenue could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

If we fail to
comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could suffer. 

Our contracts with
our customers may include unique and specialized performance requirements. In particular, our contracts with federal, state, provincial and local governmental customers are subject to various procurements regulations, contract provisions and other
requirements relating to their formation, administration and performance. Any failure by us to comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts or any violation of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of
various civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and, in the case of our government contracts, fines and suspension from future government contracting. In addition, we
may be subject to qui tam litigation, the process by which a private individual sues or prosecutes on behalf of the government relating to government contracts and shares in the proceeds of any successful litigation or settlement, which could
include claims for up to treble damages. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business and affect our ability to compete for new contracts.
There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. If our customer contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new
contracts is adversely affected, we could suffer an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL UNCERTAINTY 

If our products are found or alleged to infringe third-party intellectual property rights, we could be required to redesign our products, replace components of our products, enter into license
agreements with third parties and provide infringement indemnification. 

We regularly commit to our subscription customers
that if portions of our enterprise products are found to infringe any third-party intellectual property rights we will, at our expense and option: (i) obtain the right for the customer to continue to use the product consistent with their
subscription agreement with us; (ii) modify the product so that it is non-infringing; or (iii) replace the infringing component with a non-infringing component, and indemnify them against specified infringement claims. Although we cannot
predict whether we will need to satisfy these commitments and often have limitations on these commitments, satisfying the commitments could be costly and time consuming and could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial
condition. In addition, our insurance policies would likely not adequately cover our exposure to this type of claim. 

We are vulnerable to
claims that our products infringe third-party intellectual property rights because our products are comprised of software components, many of which are developed by numerous independent parties, and an adverse legal decision affecting our
intellectual property could materially harm our business. 

We are vulnerable to claims that our products infringe
third-party intellectual property rights, including patent, copyright and trade secrets because our products are comprised of software components, many of which are developed by numerous independent parties. Moreover, because the scope of software
patent protection is often not well defined or readily determinable, patent applications in the United States are not publicly disclosed 

27 

Table of Contents

at the time of filing, and the number of software patents that are issued each year is significant and growing, we may be unable to assess the relevance of patents to our products, or take
appropriate responsive action, in a timely or economic manner. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. In the past, our products have been subject to intellectual
property infringement claims. We expect these claims to increase as the size of our business and market share grow, the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments
overlaps. Defending patent infringement, copyright infringement and/or trade secret claims, even claims without significant merit, can be time consuming, expensive and divert the attention of technical and management personnel. 

An adverse legal decision regarding the intellectual property in and to our technology and other offerings could harm our business and
may do so materially. See “Legal Proceedings”. 

Our activities, or the activities of our partners, may violate anticorruption
laws and regulations that apply to us. 

In many foreign countries, particularly in certain developing economies, it is not
uncommon to engage in business practices that are prohibited by regulations that may apply to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. Although we have policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these
laws, our employees, contractors, partners and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies and procedures. Any violation of our policies and procedures
could result in a violation of applicable law and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

We could be prevented from
selling or developing our software if the GNU General Public License and similar licenses under which our products are developed and licensed are not enforceable or are modified so as to become incompatible with other open source licenses.

A number of our offerings, including Red Hat Enterprise Linux, have been developed and licensed under the GNU General
Public License and similar open source licenses. These licenses state that any program licensed under them may be liberally copied, modified and distributed. It is possible that a court would hold these licenses to be unenforceable or that someone
could assert a claim for proprietary rights in a program developed and distributed under them. Any ruling by a court that these licenses are not enforceable, or that open source components of our product offerings may not be liberally copied,
modified or distributed, may have the effect of preventing us from distributing or developing all or a portion of our products. In addition, licensors of open source software employed in our offerings may, from time to time, modify the terms of
their license agreements in such a manner that those license terms may no longer be compatible with other open source licenses in our offerings or our end user license agreement, and thus could, among other consequences, prevent us from continuing
to distribute the software code subject to the modified license. 

Our products may contain defects that may be costly to correct, delay
market acceptance of our products and expose us to claims and litigation. 

Despite our testing procedures, errors have been
and will continue to be found in our products after commencement of commercial shipments. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that much of the code in our products is developed by independent parties over whom we exercise no supervision or control.
If errors are discovered, we may have to make significant expenditures of capital and devote significant technical resources to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around them and may not be able to successfully do so in a timely manner or at all.
Errors and failures in our products could result in a loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our products, loss of existing or potential customers and delayed or lost revenue and could damage our reputation and our ability to convince commercial
users of the benefits of Linux-based operating systems and other open source software products. 

In addition, failures in our
products could cause system or other failures for our customers who may assert warranty and other claims for substantial damages against us. Although our agreements with our customers often 

28 

Table of Contents

contain provisions which seek to limit our exposure to potential product liability claims, it is possible that these provisions may not be effective or enforceable under the laws of some
jurisdictions. In addition, our insurance policies may not adequately limit our exposure to this type of claim. These claims, even if unsuccessful, could be costly and time consuming to defend and could materially harm our business. 

Our efforts to protect our trademarks may not be adequate to prevent third parties from misappropriating our intellectual property rights in our
trademarks. 

Our collection of trademarks is valuable and important to our business. The protective steps we have taken in
the past have been, and may in the future continue to be, inadequate to protect and deter misappropriation of our trademark rights. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our trademark rights in a
timely manner. We have registered some of our trademarks in countries in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia and have other trademark applications pending in various countries around the world. Effective trademark
protection may not be available in every country in which we offer or intend to offer our products and services. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our
trademarks and other proprietary rights. Failure to adequately protect our trademark rights could damage or even destroy the Red Hat brand and impair our ability to compete effectively. Furthermore, defending or enforcing our trademark rights could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. 

Efforts to assert intellectual property ownership rights in
our products could impact our standing in the open source community, which could limit our product innovation capabilities and adversely affect our business. 

When we undertake actions to protect and maintain ownership and control over our intellectual property, including patents, copyrights and trademark rights, our standing in the open source community could
be adversely affected, which in turn could limit our ability to continue to rely on this community, upon which we are dependent, as a resource to help develop and improve our products and further our research and development efforts, and could
adversely affect our business. 

We are, and may become, involved in disputes and lawsuits that could have a material adverse affect on our
performance or stock price. 

Lawsuits or legal proceedings may be commenced against us. These disputes and proceedings may
involve significant expense and divert the attention of management and other employees. If we do not prevail in these matters, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs, which could have a material adverse affect on our
financial condition or results of operations. See “Legal Proceedings” for additional information on this and other certain matters that may affect our performance or stock price. 

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws regarding data protection. 

Our business is subject to federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and protection of user data. We post, on our website, our privacy policies and practices concerning the use and
disclosure of user data. Any failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or other federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or
others which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

It is
possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines and penalties, a governmental order requiring that we change our data practices could
result, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business. Compliance with these regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that result in reduced revenue. Noncompliance could result in
penalties being imposed on us or orders that we cease conducting the noncompliant activity. 

29 

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL UNCERTAINTY 

Our quarterly and annual operating results may not be a reliable indicator of our future financial performance. 

Due to the unpredictability of the technology spending environment, among other reasons, our revenue and operating results have fluctuated
and may continue to fluctuate. We base our current and projected future expense levels, in part, on our estimates of future revenue. Our expenses are, to a large extent, fixed in the short term. Accordingly, we may not be able to adjust our spending
quickly enough to protect our projected operating results for a quarter if our revenue in that quarter falls short of our expectations. If, among other considerations, our future financial performance falls below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors or we are unable to increase or maintain profitability, the market price of our common stock may decline. 

Our stock
price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile. Further, the sale of our common stock by significant stockholders may cause the price of our common stock to decrease. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price may fluctuate in
response to a number of events and factors, such as quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors, announcements relating to strategic decisions, announcements related
to key personnel, customer purchase delays, service disruptions, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, news
reports relating to trends in our markets, general economic conditions and other risks listed herein. 

In addition, several of
our stockholders own significant portions of our common stock. If these stockholders were to sell all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock, then the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. The effect of such
sales, or of significant portions of our stock being offered or made available for sale, could result in strong downward pressure on our stock price. Investors should be aware that they could experience significant short-term volatility in our stock
if such stockholders decide to sell all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock at once or within a short period of time. 

We
may lack the financial and operational resources needed to increase our market share and compete effectively. 

In the
market for operating systems, we face significant competition from larger companies with greater financial, operational and technical resources and name recognition than we have. Competitors, which offer hardware-independent multi-user operating
systems for Intel platforms and/or Linux and UNIX-based operating systems, include Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), Oracle, Novell, Inc. (“Novell”), IBM and HP. 

In the market for middleware offerings, we face significant competition from larger companies with greater financial, operational and
technical resources and name recognition than we have. These competitors include, but are not limited to, IBM, Microsoft and Oracle, all of which offer broad portfolios of enterprise Java and non-Java middleware products. IBM and Oracle bundle
hardware and software for their customers, making it more difficult to penetrate these customer bases. 

In the market for
virtualization and cloud offerings, we face significant competition from larger companies with greater financial, operational and technical resources and name recognition than we have. These competitors include, but are not limited to, VMware,
Microsoft, Citrix Systems, Inc. and Oracle. 

In the market for services offerings, we face significant competition from larger
companies with greater financial, operational and technical resources and name recognition than we have, including those that currently provide service and training related to the Linux operating system as well as other operating systems,
particularly UNIX-based operating systems, due to the fact that Linux-and UNIX-based operating systems share many common features. These larger companies, including IBM, Oracle and HP, may be able to leverage their existing service organizations and
provide higher levels of consulting and training on a more cost-effective basis than we can. 

30 

Table of Contents

We may lack the resources needed to compete successfully with our current competitors as
well as potential new competitors. Moreover, we compete in certain areas with our strategic partners and potential strategic partners, and this may adversely impact our relationship with an individual partner or a number of partners. Competitive
pressures could affect prices or demand for our products and services, resulting in reduced profit margins and loss of market opportunity. We may have to lower the prices of our products and services to stay competitive, which could affect our
margins and financial condition. In addition, if our pricing and other factors are not sufficiently competitive, we may lose market share. Industry consolidation may also effect competition by creating larger and potentially stronger competitors in
the markets in which we compete, which may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We may not be able to meet the financial and
operational challenges that we will encounter as our international operations, which represented approximately 43.7% of our total revenue for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011, continue to expand. 

Our international operations accounted for approximately 43.7% of total revenue for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011. As we
expand our international operations, we may have difficulty managing and administering a globally dispersed business and we may need to expend additional funds to, among other activities, reorganize our sales force and technical support services
team, outsource or supplement general and administrative functions, staff key management positions, obtain additional information technology infrastructure and successfully localize software products for a significant number of international
markets, which may negatively affect our operating results. 

Additional challenges associated with the conduct of our business
overseas that may negatively affect our operating results include: 

·

 Fluctuations in exchange rates; 

·

 Different pricing environments; 

·

 Longer payment cycles and less financial stability of customers; 

·

 Compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws; 

·

 Difficulty selecting and monitoring channel partners outside of the United States; 

·

 Lower levels of availability or use of the internet, through which our software is often delivered; 

·

 Difficulty protecting our intellectual property rights overseas due to, among other reasons, the uncertainty of laws and enforcement in certain
countries relating to the protection of intellectual property rights; 

·

 Difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, legal, cultural and other differences;

·

 Difficulty maintaining quality standards consistent with the Red Hat brand; 

·

 Export control regulations could prevent us from shipping our products into and out of certain markets; 

·

 Public health risks and natural disasters, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations; 

·

 Limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

·

 Changes in import/export duties, quotas or other trade barriers could affect the competitive pricing of our products and services and reduce our market
share in some countries; and 

·

 Economic or political instability or terrorist acts in some international markets could result in the loss or forfeiture of some foreign assets and the
loss of sums spent developing and marketing those assets and the revenue associated with them. 

Any failure
by us to effectively manage the challenges associated with the international expansion of our operations could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

31 

Table of Contents

We may be subject to greater tax liabilities. 

We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax liabilities are
subject to the allocation of revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions. Additionally, the amount of taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required
in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly subject to audits by tax authorities.
Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could
have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

We earn a
significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals to change U.S.
tax laws that would significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form this proposed legislation will pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on
our tax expense and cash flow. 

Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our service over the term of the subscription,
downturns or upturns in sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 

We generally recognize
subscription revenue from customers ratably over the term of their subscription agreements, which are generally 12 to 36 months. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each quarter is deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into
during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in subscriptions in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenue in that quarter and will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable to
adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our service, and potential changes in our rate of renewals, may not be fully reflected in our results of
operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term.

If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.

Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our
goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

We may be exposed to potential risks if we do not have an effective system of disclosure controls or internal controls 

We must comply, on an on-going basis, with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including those provisions that establish
the requirements for both management and auditors of public companies with respect to reporting on internal control over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that measures we have taken, and will take, will be sufficient or timely completed to
meet these requirements on an on-going basis, or that we will be able to implement and maintain adequate disclosure controls and controls over our financial 

32 

Table of Contents

processes and reporting in the future, particularly in light of our rapid growth, international expansion and changes in our products and services, which are expected to result in on-going
changes to our control systems and areas of potential risk. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls
or internal control over financial reporting, including satisfaction of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may not be able to accurately or timely report on our financial results or adequately identify and reduce fraud. As a result, the
financial position of our business could be harmed; current and potential future shareholders could lose confidence in us and/or our reported financial results, which may cause a negative effect on our trading price; and we could be exposed to
litigation or regulatory proceedings, which may be costly or divert management attention. 

Changes in accounting principles and guidance,
or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including changes to previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock to decline. 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. These principles
are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant effect on our
reported results and may retroactively affect previously reported results. 

Our investment portfolio is subject to credit and illiquidity
risks and fluctuations in the market value of our investments and interest rates. These risks may result in an impairment in or the loss of all or a portion of the value of our investments, an inability to sell our investments or a decline in
interest income. 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types and maturities. Our portfolio as of
February 28, 2011 consisted primarily of money market funds, U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit, agency securities, corporate securities and equity securities. Although we follow an established investment policy and seek to
minimize the risks associated with our investments by investing primarily in investment grade, highly liquid securities and by limiting the amounts invested with any one institution, type of security or issuer, we cannot give assurances that the
assets in our investment portfolio will not lose value or become impaired, or that our interest income will not decline. 

We
may be required to record impairment charges for other-than-temporary declines in fair market value in our investments. Future fluctuations in economic and market conditions could adversely affect the market value of our investments, and we could
record additional impairment charges and lose some or all of the principal value of investments in our portfolio. A total loss of an investment or a significant decline in the value of our investment portfolio could adversely affect our operating
results and financial condition. For information regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”.

Our investments in private companies are subject to risk of loss of investment capital. Some of these investments may have
been made to further our strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives. Our investments in private companies are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies they have under development are typically in the early stages
and may never materialize. We could lose the value of our entire investment in these companies. 

We are subject to risks of currency
fluctuations and related hedging operations. 

A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect our net revenue, operating expenses and operating margins. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations. As we expand international

33 

Table of Contents

operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations increases. We use financial instruments, primarily forward purchase contracts, to economically hedge U.S. dollar and other currency
commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and fixed purchase obligations. If these hedging activities are not successful or we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant
unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates. For information regarding our hedging activity, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”. 

Natural disasters and geo-political events could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more epidemics or natural disasters, such as the recent earthquakes in Japan and related events, or geo-political events, such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in
which we operate or in which our suppliers or our customers are located, could disrupt and adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our
facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of our associates to reach or have transportation to our facilities directly affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our facilities are
located, changes in the purchasing patterns of our customers, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of computer hardware and related components, the disruption or delay in the manufacture and transport of goods overseas, the disruption
of utility services to our facilities or to suppliers, partners or customers, and disruption in our communications with our customers. 

34 

Table of Contents