.

 There are risks associated with an investment in our securities.
 The following risk factors should be read carefully in
 connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking
 statements contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
 business, our prospects, our results of operations, our
 financial condition, our liquidity, the trading prices of our
 securities, and the actual outcome of matters as to which
 forward-looking statements are made in this report. Additional
 risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are
 immaterial may also affect our business operations.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 The loss
 of the services of Mr. Ralph Lauren or other key personnel
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Mr. Ralph Lauren’s leadership in the design, marketing
 and operational areas of our business has been a critical
 element of our success since the inception of our Company. The
 death or disability of Mr. Lauren or other extended or
 permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or
 industry perception with respect to him or arising from his
 loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our
 other executive officers and other members of senior management
 have substantial experience and expertise in our business and
 have made significant contributions to our growth and success.
 The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these
 individuals could also have a material adverse effect on us. We
 are not protected by a material amount of key-man or similar
 life insurance covering Mr. Lauren, our other executive
 officers and certain other members of senior management. We have
 entered into employment agreements with Mr. Lauren and our
 other executive officers, but the noncompete period with respect
 to Mr. Lauren and certain other executive officers could,
 in some circumstances in the event of their termination of
 employment with our Company, end prior to the employment term
 set forth in their employment agreements.

 Our
 business could be negatively impacted by any financial
 instability of our customers.

 We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department
 stores across the U.S., Europe and Asia and extend credit based
 on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition,
 usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial
 difficulties of a customer could cause us to curtail or
 eliminate business with that customer. We may also assume more
 credit risk relating to that customer’s receivables. In the
 aggregate, our four largest wholesale customers constituted
 approximately 30% of our gross trade accounts receivable
 outstanding as of April 2, 2011 and contributed
 approximately 40% of all wholesale revenues for Fiscal 2011. Our
 inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any
 one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or liquidity. See
 Item 1 — “Business — Wholesale
 Credit Control.”

 Uncertain
 economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major
 customers and suppliers which in turn could materially adversely
 affect our operating results and liquidity.

 The uncertain state of the global economy is having a
 significant negative impact on businesses around the world.
 Although we believe that our cash provided by operations and
 available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility
 will provide us with sufficient liquidity through the current
 economic uncertainty, the impact of economic conditions on our
 major customers and suppliers cannot be predicted and may be
 quite severe. The inability of major manufacturers to ship our
 products could impair our ability to meet the delivery date
 requirements of our customers. A disruption in the ability of
 our significant customers to access liquidity could cause
 serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their
 businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their
 future orders of our products and the inability or failure on
 their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 and liquidity.

 We cannot
 assure the successful implementation of our growth
 strategy.

 As part of our growth strategy, we seek to extend our brands,
 expand our geographic coverage and increase direct management of
 our brands by opening more of our own stores, strategically
 acquiring or integrating select businesses previously held by
 our licensees and enhancing our operations. Implementation of
 our strategy involves

 23

Table of Contents

 the continued expansion of our business in Europe, Asia and
 other international areas. As discussed in
 Item 1 — “Business — Recent
 Developments,” on January 1, 2011, we acquired our
 previously licensed Polo-branded apparel and accessories
 business in South Korea. In Fiscal 2010, we acquired our
 previously licensed Polo-branded apparel business in the
 Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan and South Korea). In Fiscal
 2009, we acquired our previously licensed childrenswear and golf
 apparel businesses in Japan.

 We may have difficulty integrating acquired businesses into our
 operations, hiring and retaining qualified key employees, or
 otherwise successfully managing such expansion. Furthermore, we
 may not be able to successfully integrate the business of any
 licensee that we acquire into our own business or achieve any
 expected cost savings or synergies from such integration.

 Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation
 and expansion of our retail distribution network, both in the
 U.S. and abroad, which are subject to many factors beyond
 our control. We may not be able to procure, purchase or lease
 desirable free-standing or department store locations, or renew
 and maintain existing free-standing store leases and department
 store locations on acceptable terms, or secure suitable
 replacement locations. The lease negotiation as well as the
 number and timing of new stores actually opened during any given
 period, and their associated contribution to net income for the
 period, depends on a number of factors including, but not
 limited to: (i) the availability of suitable financing to
 us and our landlords; (ii) the timing of the delivery of
 the leased premises to us from our landlords in order to
 commence build-out construction activities; (iii) our
 ability and our landlords’ ability to obtain all necessary
 governmental licenses and permits to construct and operate our
 stores on a timely basis; (iv) our ability to manage the
 construction and development costs of new stores; (v) the
 rectification of any unforeseen engineering or environmental
 problems with the leased premises; (vi) adverse weather
 during the construction period; and (vii) the hiring and
 training of qualified operating personnel in the local market.
 While we continue to explore new markets and are always
 evaluating new potential locations, any of the above factors
 could have an adverse impact on our financial operations.

 In Europe, we lack the large wholesale distribution channels we
 have in the U.S., and we may have difficulty developing
 successful distribution strategies and alliances in each of the
 major European countries. In Asia (including Japan), our primary
 mode of distribution is via a network of shops located within
 leading department stores. We may have difficulty in
 successfully retaining this network, and expanding into
 alternate distribution channels. Additionally, macroeconomic
 trends may not be favorable, and could limit our ability to
 implement our growth strategies in select geographies where we
 have foreign operations, such as Europe and Asia.

 Our
 business is subject to risks associated with importing
 products.

 As of April 2, 2011, we source a significant portion of our
 products outside the U.S. through arrangements with over
 400 foreign vendors in various countries. In Fiscal 2011, over
 98%, by dollar value, of our products were produced outside the
 U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe and South America. Risks
 inherent in importing our products include:

 • 

 changes in social, political and economic conditions or
 terrorist acts that could result in the disruption of trade from
 the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are
 located;

 • 

 the imposition of additional regulations relating to imports or
 exports;

 • 

 the imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges on
 imports or exports;

 • 

 significant fluctuations of the cost of raw materials;

 • 

 increases in the cost of fuel, travel and transportation;

 • 

 disruptions of shipping and international trade caused by
 natural and man-made disasters;

 • 

 significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to security
 considerations;

 • 

 the imposition of antidumping or countervailing duty proceedings
 resulting in the potential assessment of special antidumping or
 countervailing duties; and

 • 

 the imposition of sanctions in the form of additional duties
 either by the U.S. or its trading partners to remedy
 perceived illegal actions by national governments.

 24

Table of Contents

 Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on
 our financial condition and results of operations.

 Our
 profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on
 margins.

 The apparel industry is subject to significant pricing pressure
 caused by many factors, including intense competition,
 consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to
 reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer spending
 patterns. These factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices
 to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin
 to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory
 levels
 and/or
 otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in
 our operating costs. If our sales prices decline and we fail to
 sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our
 profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial
 condition.

 Our
 business could suffer as a result of increases in the price of
 raw materials, freight or labor or a manufacturer’s
 inability to produce our goods on time and to our
 specifications.

 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend
 exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of
 all of our products. Our products are manufactured to our
 specifications primarily by international manufacturers. During
 Fiscal 2011, less than 2%, by dollar value, of our men’s
 and women’s products were manufactured in the U.S. and
 over 98%, by dollar value, of these products were manufactured
 in other countries. The inability of a manufacturer to ship
 orders of our products in a timely manner or to meet our quality
 standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements
 of our customers for those items, which could result in
 cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries or a
 substantial reduction in purchase prices, any of which could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations. Additionally, prices of raw materials
 used to manufacture our products may fluctuate and increases in
 prices of such raw materials could have a material adverse
 effect on our cost of sales. Furthermore, the cost of labor at
 many of our third-party manufacturers has been increasing
 significantly and, as the middle class in developing countries
 continues to grow, it is unlikely that such cost pressure will
 abate. The cost of transportation has been increasing as well
 and it is unlikely that such cost pressure will abate if oil
 prices continue to increase and there is continued significant
 unrest in the Middle East. We may not be able to offset such
 increases in raw materials, freight or labor costs through
 pricing actions or other means.

 Our
 business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency
 fluctuations.

 We generally purchase our products in U.S. dollars.
 However, we source most of our products overseas. As a result,
 the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the
 value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange
 rates may also affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign
 currency denominated prices at which our international
 businesses sell products. Furthermore, our international sales
 and licensing revenue generally is derived from sales in foreign
 currencies. These foreign currencies primarily include the
 Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Euro and the British
 Pound Sterling, and this revenue could be materially affected by
 currency fluctuations. Although we hedge certain exposures to
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the
 ordinary course of business, we cannot assure that foreign
 currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse impact on
 our financial condition and results of operations. See
 Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 — 
Market Risk Management.”

 Fluctuations
 in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in
 volatility of our operating results and stock price.

 We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain
 foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our
 estimates of future payments, which include reserves for
 uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any
 one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various
 taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and
 negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate
 settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that
 throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our
 quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated.
 In addition, our effective tax rate in a given financial
 statement period may be materially impacted by changes in the
 mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction or by changes to
 existing accounting rules or regulations.

 25

Table of Contents

 Our
 Company has an exclusive relationship with certain customers for
 some of our products. The loss or significant decline in
 business of any of these customers could negatively impact our
 business.

 We have exclusive relationships with certain customers for
 distribution of some of our products, including our American
 Living and 
Chaps products. Our arrangements with
 JCPenney and Kohl’s for the 
American Living and

Chaps products, respectively, make us dependent on the
 financial and operational health of those companies.
 Additionally, the loss of either of these relationships could
 have an adverse effect on our Wholesale business.

 Our
 business could suffer as a result of consolidations,
 liquidations, restructurings and other ownership changes in the
 retail industry.

 Several of our department store customers, including some under
 common ownership, account for significant portions of our
 wholesale net sales. A substantial portion of sales of our
 licensed products by our domestic licensing partners, including
 sales made by our sales force of Ralph Lauren Home products, are
 also made to our largest department store customers. In the
 aggregate, our four largest wholesale customers accounted for
 approximately 40% of our wholesale net sales during Fiscal 2011.
 There can be no assurance that consolidations, restructurings,
 reorganizations or other ownership changes in the department
 store sector will not have a material adverse effect on our
 wholesale business.

 We typically do not enter into long-term agreements with our
 customers. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase order
 commitments with our customers for each of our lines every
 season. A decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores
 or any other significant customer, whether motivated by
 competitive conditions, financial difficulties or otherwise, to
 decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from
 us or our licensing partners; or to change their manner of doing
 business with us or our licensing partners or their new
 strategic and operational initiatives, including their continued
 focus on further development of their “private label”
 initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business or financial condition.

 Certain
 legal proceedings, regulatory matters and accounting changes
 could adversely impact our results of operations.

 We are involved in certain legal proceedings and are subject
 from time to time to various claims involving alleged breach of
 contract claims, intellectual property and other related claims,
 credit card fraud, security breaches in certain of our retail
 store information systems, employment issues, consumer matters
 and other litigations. Certain of these lawsuits and claims, if
 decided adversely to us or settled by us, could result in
 material liability to our Company or have a negative impact on
 our reputation or relations with our employees, customers,
 licensees or other third parties. In addition, regardless of the
 outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such
 proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require
 that our Company devotes substantial time and resources to
 defend itself. Further, changes in governmental regulations both
 in the U.S., including potential changes in state laws regarding
 the escheatment of unredeemed gift cards, and in other countries
 where we conduct business operations could have an adverse
 impact on our results of operations. See Item 3 —
 “Legal Proceedings” for further discussion of our
 Company’s legal matters.

 In addition, we are subject to changes in accounting rules and
 interpretations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board is
 currently in the process of amending a number of existing
 accounting standards governing a variety of areas. Certain of
 these proposed standards, particularly the proposed standard
 governing accounting for leases, if and when effective, would
 likely have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements. See Note 4 to the accompanying audited
 consolidated financial statements for further discussion of
 proposed amendments to current accounting standards.

 Our
 business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are
 disrupted or cease to operate effectively.

 Our Company relies heavily on our computer systems to record and
 process transactions and manage and operate our business. We
 also utilize an automated replenishment system to facilitate the
 processing of basic replenishment orders from our Retail segment
 and our wholesale customers, the movement of goods through
 distribution channels, and the collection of information for
 planning and forecasting. In addition, we have

 26

Table of Contents

 e-commerce
 and other Internet websites in the U.S. and U.K. Given the
 complexity of our business and the significant number of
 transactions that we engage in on an annual basis, it is
 imperative that we maintain constant operation of our computer
 hardware and software systems. Despite our preventative efforts,
 our systems are vulnerable from time to time to damage or
 interruption from, among other things, security breaches,
 computer viruses or power outages.

 We are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems
 and software. We are in the process of implementing a new global
 financial and reporting system as part of a multi-year plan to
 integrate and upgrade our operational and financial systems and
 processes. The implementation of this global system is scheduled
 to occur in phases over the next several years, and began with
 the migration of certain of our domestic human resource systems
 to the new global financial and reporting system during the
 fourth quarter of Fiscal 2011. This implementation effort will
 continue in the first quarter of Fiscal 2012, when certain of
 our domestic operational and financial systems will be
 transitioned to the new system. Implementation of a new global
 financial and reporting system involves risks and uncertainties.
 Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design or
 implementation of the new system could result in increased costs
 and adversely affect our ability to timely report our financial
 results, which could negatively impact our business and results
 of operations.

 A privacy
 breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with
 our customers, expose us to litigation risk and adversely affect
 our business.

 As part of our normal course of business, we collect, process
 and retain sensitive and confidential customer information.
 Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities
 and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may
 be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer
 viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming
 and/or human
 errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving
 the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of
 confidential information, whether by our Company or our vendors,
 could severely damage our reputation and our relationships with
 our customers, expose us to risks of litigation and liability
 and adversely affect our business.

 Our
 ability to conduct business in international markets may be
 affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic
 risks.

 Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets
 and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing
 international markets is subject to risks associated with
 international operations. These include:

 • 

 the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and
 regulations;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and

 • 

 new tariffs or other barriers in some international markets.

 We are also subject to general political and economic risks in
 connection with our international operations, including:

 • 

 political instability and terrorist attacks;

 • 

 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; and

 • 

 general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.

 We cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes, or other
 similar restrictions will be imposed by the U.S., the European
 Union, Asia, or other countries upon the import or export of our
 products in the future, or what effect any of these actions
 would have on our business, financial condition or results of
 operations. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social or
 economic policies and other factors may have a material adverse
 effect on our business in the future or may require us to
 significantly modify our current business practices.

 27

Table of Contents

 Our
 results of operations could be affected by natural events in the
 locations in which we or our customers or suppliers
 operate.

 We have operations, including retail, distribution and
 warehousing operations, in locations subject to natural
 disasters such as severe weather and geological events that
 could disrupt our operations. In addition, our suppliers and
 customers also have operations in these locations. Such an event
 occurred in Japan on March 11, 2011, where the northern
 region of Japan experienced a severe earthquake followed by a
 series of tsunamis, resulting in damage to the region’s
 industrial infrastructure and environmental pollution. In
 addition to the negative direct effects to the Japanese economy,
 the country’s position as a major exporter in the world may
 result in a regional or global downturn in economic activity.
 The degree to which the earthquake in Japan will have an
 economic disruption on the regional and global economies remains
 uncertain at this time; however, the impact may result in a
 decrease in the demand for our products that could have an
 adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Our
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be
 adequately protected outside the U.S.

 We believe that our trademarks, intellectual property and other
 proprietary rights are extremely important to our success and
 our competitive position. We devote substantial resources to the
 establishment and protection of our trademarks and
 anti-counterfeiting activities worldwide. Significant
 counterfeiting of our products continues, however, and in the
 course of our international expansion we have experienced
 conflicts with various third parties that have acquired or
 claimed ownership rights in some trademarks that include Polo
 and/or a
 representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise
 have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have in the past
 resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action
 and negotiated settlements, none of which, we believe, has had a
 material impact on our financial condition and results of
 operations. We cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken
 to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary
 rights will be adequate to prevent counterfeiting or a material
 adverse effect on our business or brands arising from imitation
 of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to
 block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks and
 proprietary rights of others. Also, there can be no assurance
 that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of,
 trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will
 be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our
 satisfaction or at all. In addition, the laws of certain foreign
 countries do not protect trademarks or other proprietary rights
 to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. See
 Item 1 — 
“Business
 — 
Trademarks,” and
 Item 3 — 
“Legal Proceedings.”

 Our
 business could suffer if one of our manufacturers fails to use
 acceptable labor practices.

 We require our licensing partners and independent manufacturers
 to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
 While our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote
 ethical business practices and our staff periodically visits and
 monitors the operations of our independent manufacturers, we do
 not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. The
 violation of labor or other laws by an independent manufacturer
 used by us or one of our licensing partners, or the divergence
 of an independent manufacturer’s or licensing
 partner’s labor practices from those generally accepted as
 ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt, or
 otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or
 damage our reputation. Any of these, in turn, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Our
 business could suffer if we need to replace
 manufacturers.

 We compete with other companies for the production capacity of
 our manufacturers. Some of these competitors have greater
 financial and other resources than we have, and thus may have an
 advantage in the competition for production. If we experience a
 significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer
 of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party
 manufacturing capacity. We cannot guarantee that this additional
 capacity will be available when required on terms that are
 acceptable to us. See Item 1 — “Business
 — 
Sourcing, Production and Quality.”
 We enter into a number of purchase order commitments each
 season specifying a time for delivery, method of payment, design
 and quality specifications and other standard industry
 provisions, but do not have long-term contracts with any
 manufacturer. None of the manufacturers we use produce our
 products exclusively.

 28

Table of Contents

 We rely
 on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our
 licenses.

 The risks associated with our own products also apply to our
 licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks
 specific to a licensing partner’s business, including, for
 example, risks associated with a particular licensing
 partner’s ability to:

 • 

 obtain capital;

 • 

 manage its labor relations;

 • 

 maintain relationships with its suppliers;

 • 

 manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively; and

 • 

 maintain relationships with its customers.

 Although a number of our license agreements prohibit licensing
 partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our
 competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded
 from offering, under other brands, the types of products covered
 by their license agreements with us. A substantial portion of
 sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are
 also made to our largest customers. While we have significant
 control over our licensing partners’ products and
 advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other
 things, operational and financial control over their businesses.
 Changes in management, reduced sales of licensed products, poor
 execution or financial difficulties with respect to any of our
 licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both
 directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly
 from reduced sales of our other products. See
 Item 1 — “Business — 
Our
 Licensing Segment.”

 Failure
 to maintain licensing partners could harm our
 business.

 Although we believe in most circumstances we could replace
 existing licensing partners if necessary, our inability to do so
 for any period of time could adversely affect our revenues, both
 directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly
 from reduced sales of our other products. See
 Item 1 — “Business — 
Our
 Licensing Segment.”

 The
 voting shares of our Company’s stock are concentrated in
 one majority stockholder.

 As of April 2, 2011, Mr. Ralph Lauren, or entities
 controlled by the Lauren family, owned approximately 76% of the
 voting power of the outstanding common stock of our Company. As
 a result, Mr. Lauren has the ability to exercise
 significant control over our business, including, without
 limitation, (i) the election of our Class B common
 stock directors, voting separately as a class, and (ii) any
 action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the
 adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and
 the approval of mergers or sales of all or substantially all of
 our assets.

 The
 trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall
 based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other
 financial performance.

 Our business planning process is designed to maximize our
 long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an
 earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe
 that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our
 Company and our stockholders. At the same time, however, we
 recognize that from time to time it may be helpful to provide
 investors with guidance as to our quarterly and annual forecast
 of net sales and earnings. While we generally expect to provide
 updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal
 quarter, we assume no responsibility to update any of our
 forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. If and
 when we announce actual results that differ from those that have
 been predicted by us, outside analysts or others, the market
 price of our securities could be affected. Investors who rely on
 the predictions when making investment decisions with respect to
 our securities do so at their own risk. We take no
 responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such
 changes in the prices of our securities.

 29

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Relating to the Industry in Which We Compete

 The
 downturn in the global economy may continue to affect consumer
 purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products,
 which could adversely affect our sales.

 The industries in which we operate are cyclical. Many economic
 factors outside of our control affect the level of consumer
 spending in the apparel, cosmetic, fragrance, accessories and
 home products industries, including, among others:

 • 

 general business conditions;

 • 

 economic downturns;

 • 

 employment levels;

 • 

 downturns in the stock market;

 • 

 interest rates;

 • 

 the housing market;

 • 

 consumer debt levels;

 • 

 the availability of consumer credit;

 • 

 increases in fuel prices;

 • 

 taxation; and

 • 

 consumer confidence in future economic conditions.

 Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail
 products, including our products, may continue to decline during
 recessionary periods and at other times when disposable income
 is lower. A downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in
 which we, or our licensing partners, sell our products may
 materially adversely affect our businesses and our revenues and
 profits. See Item 7 — “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Overview — 
Our
 Objectives and Risks” for further discussion.

 The domestic and international political situation also affects
 consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of
 terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to
 a decrease in consumer spending and may materially adversely
 affect our business, revenues and profits.

 We face
 intense competition in the worldwide apparel industry.

 We face a variety of intense competitive challenges from other
 domestic and foreign fashion-oriented apparel and casual apparel
 producers, some of which may be significantly larger and more
 diversified and have greater financial and marketing resources
 than we have. We compete with these companies primarily on the
 basis of:

 • 

 anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a
 timely manner;

 • 

 maintaining favorable brand recognition, loyalty and reputation
 for quality;

 • 

 developing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors
 and styles that appeal to consumers;

 • 

 appropriately sourcing raw materials at cost-effective prices;

 • 

 appropriately pricing products;

 • 

 failure to anticipate and maintain proper inventory levels;

 • 

 providing strong and effective marketing support;

 • 

 creating an acceptable value proposition for retail customers;

 • 

 ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain
 efficiencies with manufacturers and retailers; and

 • 

 obtaining sufficient retail floor space and effective
 presentation of our products at retail stores.

 30

Table of Contents

 We also face increasing competition from companies selling
 apparel and home products through the Internet. Although we sell
 our products through the Internet, increased competition in the
 worldwide apparel, accessories and home product industries from
 Internet-based competitors could reduce our sales, prices and
 margins and adversely affect our results of operations.

 The
 success of our business depends on our ability to respond to
 constantly changing fashion trends and consumer
 demands.

 Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate
 and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as
 to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a
 timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of
 consumers worldwide whose preferences cannot be predicted with
 certainty and are subject to rapid change. We cannot assure that
 we will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or
 successfully meet constantly changing consumer demands in the
 future. In addition, we cannot assure that any new products or
 brands that we introduce will be successfully received by
 consumers. Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify and
 respond effectively to changing consumer demands and fashion
 trends could adversely affect retail and consumer acceptance of
 our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold
 inventory or missed opportunities. If that occurs, we may be
 forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of
 excess, slow-moving inventory, which may harm our business and
 impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate
 consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to
 supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience
 inventory shortages, which may result in unfilled orders,
 negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty
 and result in lost revenues. See Item 1 —
 “Business — Sourcing, Production and
 Quality.”