.

There are risks associated with an investment in our securities. The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risk factors could materially adversely affect our business, our prospects, our results of operations, our financial condition, our liquidity, the trading prices of our securities, and/or
the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations in future periods or if circumstances change. 

Risks Related to Our Business

The loss of the services of Mr. Ralph Lauren, members of our executive management or other key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Mr. Ralph Lauren’s leadership in the design, marketing and operational areas of
our business has been a critical element of our success since the inception of our Company. He is instrumental to, and closely identified with, our brand that bears his name. Our ability to maintain our brand image and leverage the goodwill
associated with Mr. Lauren’s name may be damaged if we were to lose his services. We depend on the service and management experience of Mr. Lauren and other key executive officers, who have substantial experience and expertise in our
industry and our business. The death or disability of Mr. Lauren or other extended or permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to him or arising from his loss, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our other executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our
growth and success. The loss of the services of Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, or one or more of our other key personnel or the concurrent loss of several of these individuals could also have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. We are not protected by a material amount of key-man or similar life insurance covering Mr. Lauren, our other executive officers and certain other members of senior management. We have
entered into employment agreements with Mr. Lauren and our other executive officers, but competition for experienced executives in our industry is intense and the non-compete period with respect to Mr. Lauren and certain other executive
officers could, in some circumstances in the event of their termination of employment with our Company, end prior to the employment term set forth in their employment agreements. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by any financial instability of our customers. 

We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores across the U.S. and Canada, Europe and Asia and extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition,
usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial difficulties of a customer could cause us to curtail or eliminate business with that customer. We may also assume more credit risk relating to that customer’s receivables. In the
aggregate, our three largest wholesale customers constituted approximately 25% of our gross trade accounts receivable outstanding as of March 31, 2012 and contributed approximately 40% of all wholesale revenues for Fiscal 2012. Our inability to
collect on our trade accounts receivable from any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or liquidity. See Item 1 — “Business — Wholesale Credit
Control.” 

Uncertain economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers and lenders, which in turn
could materially adversely affect our operating results and liquidity. 

The uncertain state of the global economy continues
to impact businesses around the world. The current political and economic global environment has resulted in continued economic unpredictability, particularly in Europe where there are concerns regarding the increased debt levels of certain
countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, as well as the overall stability of the Euro currency. Although we believe that our cash provided by operations and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities will
provide us with sufficient liquidity through the current global economic uncertainty, the impact of economic conditions on our major customers, suppliers and lenders and their ability to access global capital markets cannot be predicted and may be

25 

quite severe. The inability of major manufacturers to ship our products could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our customers. Deterioration in global financial markets
could increase the cost of any future financing or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit facilities. A disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious
disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and liquidity. 

We cannot assure the successful implementation of our growth
strategy. 

As part of our growth strategy, we seek to extend our brands and merchandise categories, expand our geographic
coverage and increase direct management of our brands by opening more of our own stores, strategically acquiring or integrating select businesses previously held by our licensees and enhancing our operations. Implementation of our strategy involves
the continued expansion of our business in Asia, Europe and other international areas. As discussed in Item 1 — “Business — Recent Developments,” in Fiscal 2011, we acquired our previously licensed
Ralph Lauren-branded apparel and accessories business in South Korea. In Fiscal 2010, we acquired our previously licensed Ralph Lauren-branded apparel business in the Greater China and Southeast Asia region. 

We may have difficulty integrating acquired businesses into our operations, hiring and retaining qualified key employees, or otherwise
successfully managing such expansion. Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully integrate the business of any licensee that we acquire into our own business or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from such integration. 

Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation and expansion of our retail distribution network, including our e-commerce
operations, on a global basis, which is subject to many factors beyond our control. We may not be able to procure, purchase or lease desirable free-standing or department store locations, or renew and maintain existing free-standing store leases and
department store locations on acceptable terms, or secure suitable replacement locations. The lease negotiation, as well as the number and timing of new stores and shop-in-shop locations actually opened during any given period and their associated
contribution to net income for the period, depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to: (i) the availability of suitable financing to us and our landlords; (ii) the timing of the delivery of the leased premises to us from
our landlords in order to commence build-out construction activities; (iii) our ability and our landlords’ ability to obtain all necessary governmental licenses and permits to construct and operate our stores on a timely basis;
(iv) our ability to manage the construction and development costs of new stores; (v) the rectification of any unforeseen engineering or environmental problems with the leased premises; (vi) adverse weather during the construction
period; and (vii) the hiring and training of qualified operating personnel in the local market. While we continue to explore new markets and are always evaluating new potential locations, any of the above factors could have an adverse impact on
our financial operations. Further, as we continue to expand and increase the global presence of our e-commerce business, sales from our brick and mortar stores in areas where e-commerce sites are introduced may decline due to cannibalization.

In Europe, we lack the large wholesale distribution channels we have in the U.S., and we may have difficulty developing and
maintaining successful distribution strategies and alliances in certain of the major European countries. In Asia, our primary mode of distribution is via a network of shops located within leading department stores. As we do not yet have significant
experience in operating a direct-to-consumer business in this region and face established competitors, we may have difficulty in successfully retaining this network, and expanding into alternate distribution channels. In addition, certain of the
international countries in which we operate, particularly in Asia, have unique operational characteristics that vary from the U.S., including but not limited to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate and legal requirements,
which may pose challenges to the execution and success of our related growth strategies. Further, macroeconomic trends may not be favorable, and could limit our ability to implement our growth strategies in select geographies where we have foreign
operations, such as Europe and Asia. 

Achievement of our growth strategy requires investment in new capabilities, distribution
channels and technologies worldwide. These investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues 

26 

and therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. In addition, we may continue to incur costs in connection with repositioning our business in certain geographic areas,
including in the Asia-Pacific region. Although we believe that our strategy will lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, the anticipated benefits may not be fully realized. 

A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, expose us to litigation risk and adversely
affect our business. 

We are dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the Internet, for a
significant portion of our direct-to-consumer sales, including our e-commerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing. We are also responsible for storing data relating to our customers and employees and
rely on third parties for the operation of our e-commerce websites and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. As part of our normal course of business, we often collect, retain, and transmit certain
sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information, over public networks. There is a significant concern by consumers and employees over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer
identity theft and user privacy. Despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses,
misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable
information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third-party, could disrupt our business, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, expose us to risks of litigation and liability and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or
actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility, reduce our e-commerce net sales, impair our ability to attract website visitors and reduce
our ability to attract and retain customers. We may also incur significant costs in complying with the various applicable state, federal and foreign laws regarding unauthorized disclosure of personal information. 

Our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively. 

We are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including in designing,
marketing, manufacturing, importing, tracking and distributing our products, processing payments, and accounting for and reporting results. We also utilize an automated replenishment system to facilitate the processing of basic replenishment orders
from our Retail segment and our wholesale customers, the movement of goods through distribution channels, and the collection of information for planning and forecasting. In addition, we have e-commerce and other Internet websites in the
U.S. and Europe and have plans for new e-commerce sites in Asia and other parts of the world. Given the complexity of our business and the significant number of transactions that we engage in on an annual basis, it is imperative that we
maintain constant operation of our computer hardware and software systems. Despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable from time to time to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses or
power outages. Any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Implementation of management information systems may negatively impact our business. 

We are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems and software. We are in the process of implementing a new global operating and financial reporting system as part of a multi-year plan to
integrate and upgrade our operational and financial systems and processes. The implementation of this global system, scheduled to occur in phases over the next several years, began with the migration of certain of our domestic human resource systems
during Fiscal 2011 and continued with transition of certain of our operational and financial systems to the new global operating and financial reporting system during Fiscal 2012. The next phase of this implementation effort involves the migration
of certain core areas of our domestic business to the new system, including customer order-to-cash settlement and global merchandise procurement, during Fiscal 2013. 

27 

Implementation of a new management information system involves risks and uncertainties. Any
disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design or implementation of a new system, such as the new global operating and financial reporting system currently being implemented, could result in increased costs, disruptions in the sourcing and
shipment of our product and delays in the collection of cash from our customers, as well as have an adverse effect on our ability to timely report our financial results, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and could suffer as a result of
increases in the price of raw materials, freight or labor or a manufacturer’s inability to produce our goods on time and to our specifications. 

We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of all of our products. Our products are manufactured to our specifications
through arrangements with over 600 foreign manufacturers in various countries. In Fiscal 2012, over 98%, by dollar value, of our products were produced outside the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe and South America. Risks inherent in importing our
products include: 

•

 changes in social, political and economic conditions or terrorist acts that could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our
manufacturers or suppliers are located; 

•

 the imposition of additional regulations relating to imports or exports; 

•

 the imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges on imports or exports; 

•

 significant fluctuations of the cost of raw materials; 

•

 increases in the cost of labor, fuel, travel and transportation; 

•

 disruptions of shipping and international trade caused by natural and man-made disasters; 

•

 significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to security considerations; 

•

 the imposition of antidumping or countervailing duty proceedings resulting in the potential assessment of special antidumping or countervailing
duties; and 

•

 the imposition of sanctions in the form of additional duties either by the U.S. or its trading partners to remedy perceived illegal actions by
national governments. 

Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

In addition, the inability of a manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a
timely manner or to meet our quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items, which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries or a substantial reduction in purchase
prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Prices of raw materials used to manufacture our products may also fluctuate and increases in prices of such raw materials could have a
material adverse effect on our cost of sales. Furthermore, the cost of labor at many of our third-party manufacturers has been increasing significantly and, as the middle class in developing countries such as China continues to grow, it is unlikely
that such cost pressure will abate. The cost of transportation has been increasing as well and it is unlikely that such cost pressure will abate if oil prices continue to rise and there is continued significant unrest in the Middle East. We may not
be able to offset such increases in raw materials, freight or labor costs through pricing actions or other means. 

Our profitability may
decline as a result of increasing pressure on margins. 

Our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by
many factors, including intense competition, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer spending patterns. These factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers
and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory levels and/or otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in our operating costs. If our sales prices decline and we
fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

28 

Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations. 

We generally purchase our products in U.S. Dollars. However, we source most of our products overseas. As a result, the cost of these
products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international businesses sell
products. Furthermore, our international sales are primarily derived from sales in foreign currencies, as is a portion of our licensing revenues. These foreign currencies primarily include the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Hong Kong Dollar, the South
Korean Won, the Canadian Dollar, and the British Pound Sterling, and this revenue could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary
course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, factors that could impact
the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the volatility of currency markets, the accuracy of forecasted transactions and the availability of hedging instruments. As such, our hedging activities may not completely mitigate the impact of
foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. See Item 7 —  “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — 
Market Risk
Management.” 

Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results and
stock price. 

We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on
our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and
negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated. In
addition, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. 

We have significant undistributed earnings held by our subsidiaries outside the U.S. We currently intend to reinvest the cash and cash
equivalents arising from these earnings in order to fund strategic initiatives, working capital requirements and debt repayments (both third party and intercompany) of such foreign subsidiaries. Any future repatriation of such amounts to the U.S.
could result in a significant incremental tax liability in the period in which the decision to repatriate is made. 

Our Company has an
exclusive relationship with certain customers for some of our products. The loss or significant decline in business of these customers could negatively impact our business. 

We have exclusive relationships with certain customers for distribution of some of our products, including with Kohl’s Corporation (“Kohl’s”) for our Chaps products. Our
arrangement with Kohl’s makes us dependent on the company’s financial and operational health for such products. The loss of this relationship could have an adverse effect on our Wholesale business. 

Our business could suffer as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings and other ownership changes in the retail industry.

Several of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for significant portions of our
wholesale net sales. A substantial portion of sales of our licensed products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest department store customers. In the aggregate, our three largest wholesale customers accounted for
approximately 40% of our wholesale net sales during Fiscal 2012. There can be no assurance that consolidations, restructurings, reorganizations or other ownership changes in the department store sector will not have a material adverse effect on our
wholesale business. 

We typically do not enter into long-term agreements with our customers. Instead, we enter into a number of
purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our lines every season. A decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties or
otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners; or to change their manner of doing business with us or our licensing partners or their new strategic and

29 

operational initiatives, including their continued focus on further development of their “private label” initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial
condition. 

Certain legal proceedings, regulatory matters and accounting changes could adversely impact our results of operations.

We are involved in certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters and are subject from time to time to various claims
involving alleged breach of contract claims, intellectual property and other related claims, credit card fraud, security breaches in certain of our retail store information systems, employment issues, consumer matters and other litigations. Certain
of these lawsuits and claims, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, could result in material liability to our Company or have a negative impact on our reputation or relations with our employees, customers, licensees or other third parties. In
addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that our Company devotes substantial time and resources to defend itself. Further, changes in
governmental regulations both in the U.S., including potential changes in state laws regarding the escheatment of unredeemed gift cards, and in other countries where we conduct business operations could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations. See Item 3 — “Legal Proceedings” for further discussion of our Company’s legal matters. 

In addition, we are subject to changes in accounting rules and interpretations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board is currently in the process of amending a number of existing accounting standards
governing a variety of areas. Certain of these proposed standards, particularly the proposed standard governing accounting for leases, if and when effective, would likely have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. See Note 4 to
the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of proposed amendments to current accounting standards. 

Our ability to conduct business in international markets may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. 

Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing
international markets is subject to risks associated with international operations. These include: 

•

 the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including trade and labor restrictions; 

•

 compliance with U.S. and other country laws relating to foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies
from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and the U.K. Bribery Act, which prohibits U.K. and related companies from any form of bribery; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and 

•

 new tariffs or other barriers in some international markets. 

We are also subject to general political and economic risks in connection with our international operations, including: 

•

 political instability and terrorist attacks; 

•

 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; and 

•

 general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets. 

We cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes, or other similar restrictions will be imposed by the U.S., the European Union, Asia, or
other countries upon the import or export of our products in the future, or what effect any of these actions would have, if any, on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social or economic
policies and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future or may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices. 

30 

Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we or our
customers or suppliers operate. 

We have operations, including retail, distribution and warehousing operations, in
locations subject to natural disasters such as severe weather and geological events that could disrupt our operations. In addition, our suppliers and customers also have operations in these locations. The occurrence of natural events may result in
sudden disruptions in business conditions of the local economies affected, as well as of the regional and global economies. Such disruptions could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing
and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the U.S. 

We believe that our
trademarks, intellectual property and other proprietary rights are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting
activities worldwide. Significant counterfeiting of our products continues, however, and in the course of our international expansion we have experienced conflicts with various third parties that have acquired or claimed ownership rights in some
trademarks that include Polo and/or a representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have in the past resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action and negotiated
settlements, none of which, we believe, has had a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be
adequate to prevent counterfeiting or a material adverse effect on our business or brands arising from imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks and
proprietary rights of others. Also, there can be no assurance that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our
satisfaction or at all. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect trademarks or other proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. and, as a result, our intellectual property may be more vulnerable and
difficult to protect in such countries. See Item 1 — “Business — 
Trademarks,” and Item 3 — 
“Legal Proceedings.” 

Our business could suffer if one of our manufacturers fails to use acceptable labor or environmental practices. 

We require our licensing partners and independent manufacturers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. While our
internal and vendor operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our staff periodically visits and monitors the operations of our independent manufacturers, we do not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. The violation
of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer used by us or one of our licensing partners, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer’s or licensing partner’s labor or environmental practices from those
generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt, or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. Any of these, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Our business could suffer if we need to replace manufacturers or distribution centers. 

We compete with other companies for the production capacity of our manufacturers. Some of these competitors have greater financial and
other resources than we have, and thus may have an advantage in the competition for production. If we experience a significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party
manufacturing capacity. We cannot guarantee that this additional capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us. See Item 1 — “Business — 
Sourcing, Production and
Quality.” We enter into a number of purchase order commitments each season specifying a time for delivery, method of payment, design and quality specifications and other standard industry provisions, but do not have long-term contracts with
any manufacturer. None of the manufacturers we use produce our products exclusively. 

In addition, we rely on a number of owned
and independently-operated distribution facilities around the world to warehouse and ship products to our customers and perform other related logistic services. As such, our ability to 

31 

meet the needs of our customers depends on the proper operation of our distribution centers. If any of our distribution centers were closed or were to become inoperable for any reason, we could
experience a substantial loss of inventory, disruption of deliveries to our customers and our retail stores, increased costs, and longer lead times associated with the distribution of products during the period that would be required to reopen or
replace the facility. These disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses. 

The risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks specific to a licensing partner’s business, including, for example, risks
associated with a particular licensing partner’s ability to: 

•

 obtain capital; 

•

 manage its labor relations; 

•

 maintain relationships with its suppliers; 

•

 manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively; and 

•

 maintain relationships with its customers. 

Although a number of our license agreements prohibit our licensing partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded from
offering, under other non-competitor brands, the types of products covered by their license agreements with us. A substantial portion of sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest customers. While we have
significant control over our licensing partners’ products and advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other things, operational and financial control over their businesses. Changes in management, reduced sales of licensed
products, poor execution or financial difficulties with respect to any of our licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. See
Item 1 — “Business — 
Our Licensing Segment.” 

Failure to maintain licensing
partners could harm our business. 

Although we believe in most circumstances we could replace existing licensing partners
if necessary, our inability to do so for any period of time could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. See
Item 1 — “Business — 
Our Licensing Segment.” 

The voting shares of our
Company’s stock are concentrated in one majority stockholder. 

As of March 31, 2012, Mr. Ralph Lauren, or
entities controlled by the Lauren family, owned approximately 73% of the voting power of the outstanding common stock of our Company. Mr. Lauren also serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and we employ members of the Lauren
family. From time to time, and as approved or authorized by our Board of Directors, we may have other business dealings with Mr. Lauren, or members of the Lauren family or entities affiliated with Mr. Lauren or the Lauren
family. As a result of his stock ownership and position in our Company, Mr. Lauren has the ability to exercise significant control over our business, including, without limitation, (i) the election of our Class B common stock
directors, voting separately as a class, and (ii) any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the approval of mergers or sales of all or substantially all
of our assets.

The trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or
other financial performance. 

Our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and
profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. At the same time, however, we recognize that from time to time it
may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our quarterly and annual forecast of net sales and earnings. While we generally expect to provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter, we

32 

assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. If and when we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us,
outside analysts or others, the market price of our securities could be affected. Investors who rely on the predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses
suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities. 

Risks Relating to the Industry in Which We Compete

The downturn in the global economy may continue to affect consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, which
could adversely affect our sales. 

The industries in which we operate are cyclical. Many economic factors outside of our
control affect the level of consumer spending in the apparel, cosmetic, fragrance, accessories, jewelry, watches, and home products industries, including, among others: 

•

 general business conditions; 

•

 economic downturns; 

•

 employment levels; 

•

 downturns in the stock market; 

•

 interest rates; 

•

 the housing market; 

•

 consumer debt levels; 

•

 the availability of consumer credit; 

•

 increases in fuel prices; 

•

 taxation; and 

•

 consumer confidence in future economic conditions. 

Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, tend to decline during recessionary periods and at other times when disposable income is lower. A downturn or
an uncertain outlook in the economies in which we, or our licensing partners, sell our products may materially adversely affect our businesses and our revenues and profits. See Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Global Economic Developments” for further discussion. 

The domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in
consumer spending and may materially adversely affect our business, revenues and profits. 

We face intense competition worldwide in the
markets in which we operate. 

We face intense competition from other domestic and foreign fashion-oriented apparel,
footwear, accessories and casual apparel producers, some of which may be significantly larger and more diversified and have greater financial and marketing resources than us. We compete with these companies primarily on the basis of: 

•

 anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a timely manner; 

•

 creating and maintaining favorable brand recognition, loyalty and reputation for quality; 

•

 developing and maintaining innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors and styles that appeal to consumers; 

•

 appropriately sourcing raw materials at cost-effective prices; 

•

 appropriately pricing products; 

•

 anticipating and maintaining proper inventory levels; 

33 

•

 providing strong and effective marketing support; 

•

 retaining and recruiting key employees; 

•

 creating an acceptable value proposition for retail customers; 

•

 ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain efficiencies with manufacturers and retailers;

•

 obtaining sufficient retail floor space and effective presentation of our products at retail stores; 

•

 maintaining and growing market share; and 

•

 protecting our intellectual property. 

We also face increasing competition from companies selling apparel, accessories (including footwear), home and other of our product categories through the Internet. Although we sell our products through
the Internet, increased competition in the worldwide apparel, accessories and home product industries from Internet-based competitors could reduce our sales, prices and margins and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address any of these competitive factors, could result in reduced market share or
sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The success of our business depends on our
ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer demands in a timely manner. 

The
industries in which we operate have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as
to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers worldwide whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change, influenced by
fashion trends, current economic conditions and weather conditions, among other factors. We cannot assure that we will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or successfully meet constantly changing consumer demands in the future. In
addition, we cannot assure that any new products or brands that we introduce will be successfully received by consumers. Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify and respond effectively to changing consumer demands and fashion trends could
adversely affect retail and consumer acceptance of our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. If that occurs, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess,
slow-moving inventory, which may harm our business and impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience
inventory shortages, which may result in unfilled orders, negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty and result in lost revenues. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. See Item 1 — “Business — Sourcing, Production and Quality.”