There are risks associated with an investment in our securities.
 The following risk factors should be read carefully in
 connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking
 statements contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
 business, our prospects, our operating results, our financial
 condition, the trading prices of our securities and the actual
 outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are
 made in this report. Additional risks that we do not yet know of
 or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our
 business operations.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 The loss
 of the services of Mr. Ralph Lauren or other key personnel
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Mr. Ralph Lauren’s leadership in the design, marketing
 and operational areas of our business has been a critical
 element of our success since the inception of our Company. The
 death or disability of Mr. Lauren or other extended or
 permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or
 industry perception with respect to him or arising from his
 loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our
 other executive officers and other members of senior management
 have substantial experience and expertise in our business and
 have made significant contributions to our growth and success.
 The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these
 individuals could also adversely affect us. We are not protected
 by a material amount of key-man or similar life insurance
 covering Mr. Lauren, our other executive officers and
 certain other members of senior management. We have entered into
 employment agreements with Mr. Lauren and our other
 executive officers, but the noncompete period with respect to
 Mr. Lauren and certain other executive officers could, in
 some circumstances in the event of their termination of
 employment with the Company, end prior to the employment term
 set forth in their employment agreements.

 We cannot
 assure the successful implementation of our growth
 strategy.

 As part of our growth strategy, we seek to extend our brands,
 expand our geographic coverage and increase direct management of
 our brands by opening more of our own stores, strategically
 acquiring or integrating select licenses previously held by our
 licensees and enhancing our operations. Implementation of our
 strategy involves the continued expansion of our business in
 Europe, Asia and other international areas. As discussed in
 Item 1 — “Recent Developments,”
 on May 29, 2007, we acquired a controlling interest in
 Impact 21, as part of the Tender Offer, and the remaining 50%
 interest in PRL Japan. We also acquired our previously licensed
 belts and leather goods business in April 2007 and the remaining
 50% interest in RL Media in March 2007. In Fiscal 2006, we
 acquired our previously licensed men’s and women’s
 casual apparel and sportswear in the U.S. and Canada from
 Jones Apparel Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Polo Jeans
 Business”). In addition, in Fiscal 2006, we acquired our
 previously licensed men’s, women’s and children’s
 footwear from Reebok International Ltd. (“Footwear
 Business”).

 We may have difficulty integrating acquired businesses into our
 operations, hiring and retaining qualified key employees, or
 otherwise successfully managing such expansion. Furthermore, we
 may not be able to successfully integrate the business of any
 licensee that we acquire into our own business or achieve any
 expected cost savings or synergies from such integration.

 In Fiscal 2008, we launched American Living, a new
 lifestyle brand created exclusively in the U.S. for
 JCPenney. The success of 
American Living and the
 introduction of new product categories in both the U.S. and
 overseas may be negatively impacted in Fiscal 2009 by ongoing
 economic uncertainty. See Item 7
 — 
“Overview — Global Economic
 Uncertainty” for further discussion.

 Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation
 and expansion of our retail distribution network, both in the
 U.S. and abroad, which are subject to many factors beyond
 our control. We may not be able to procure, purchase or lease
 desirable free-standing or department store locations, or renew
 and maintain existing free-standing store leases and department
 store locations on acceptable terms, or secure suitable
 replacement locations. The lease negotiation as well as the
 number and timing of new stores actually opened during any given

 21

Table of Contents

 period, and their associated contribution to net income for the
 period, depends on a number of factors including, but not
 limited, to: (i) the availability of suitable financing to
 us and our landlords; (ii) the timing of the delivery of
 the leased premises to us from our landlords in order to
 commence build-out construction activities; (iii) our
 ability and our landlords’ ability to obtain all necessary
 governmental licenses and permits to construct and operate our
 stores on a timely basis; (iv) our ability to manage the
 construction and development costs of new stores; (v) the
 rectification of any unforeseen engineering or environmental
 problems with the leased premises; (vi) adverse weather
 during the construction period; and (vii) the hiring and
 training of qualified operating personnel in the local market.
 While we continue to explore new markets and are always
 evaluating new potential, any of the above factors could have an
 adverse impact on our financial operations.

 In Europe we lack the large wholesale distribution channels we
 have in the U.S., and we may have difficulty developing
 successful distribution strategies and alliances in each of the
 major European countries. In Japan, our primary mode of
 distribution is via a network of shops located within the
 leading department stores. We may have difficulty in
 successfully retaining this network, and expanding into
 alternate distribution channels. Additionally, macroeconomic
 trends may not be favorable, and could limit our ability to
 implement our growth strategies in select geographies where we
 have foreign operations, such as Europe and Asia.

 Our
 business could suffer as a result of consolidations,
 restructurings and other ownership changes in the retail
 industry.

 Several of our department store customers, including some under
 common ownership, account for significant portions of our
 wholesale net sales. We believe that a substantial portion of
 sales of our licensed products by our domestic licensing
 partners, including sales made by our sales force of Ralph
 Lauren Home products, are also made to our largest department
 store customers. In Fiscal 2008, sales to Macy’s, Inc.
 represented approximately 24% of our wholesale net sales and
 sales to Dillard Department Stores, Inc. represented
 approximately 12% of our wholesale net sales. In the aggregate,
 our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 69% of our
 wholesale net sales during Fiscal 2008. There can be no
 assurance that consolidations, restructurings, reorganizations
 or other ownership changes in the department store sector will
 not have a material adverse effect on our wholesale business.

 We typically do not enter into long-term agreements with our
 customers. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase order
 commitments with our customers for each of our lines every
 season. A decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores
 or any other significant customer, whether motivated by
 competitive conditions, financial difficulties or otherwise, to
 decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from
 us or our licensing partners; to change their manner of doing
 business with us or our licensing partners; or their new
 strategic and operational initiatives, including their continued
 focus on further development of their “private label”
 initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business or financial condition. See Item 1 —
 “Recent Developments” for discussion of launch
 of 
American Living.

 Our
 business could be negatively impacted by any financial
 instability of our customers.

 We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department
 stores across the U.S. and Europe and extend credit based
 on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition,
 usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial
 difficulties of a customer could cause us to curtail or
 eliminate business with that customer. We may also assume more
 credit risk relating to that customer’s receivables. Two of
 our customers, Macy’s, Inc. and Dillard Department Stores,
 Inc., in the aggregate constituted 31% of trade accounts
 receivable outstanding as of March 29, 2008. Our inability
 to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any one of
 these customers could have a material adverse effect on our
 business or financial condition. See Item 1 —
 “Wholesale Credit Control.”

 Our
 profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on
 margins.

 The apparel industry is subject to significant pricing pressure
 caused by many factors, including intense competition,
 consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to
 reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer demand.
 These factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to
 retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to
 decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory
 levels
 and/or
 otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in
 our operating costs. If our sales prices decline and we fail to

 22

Table of Contents

 sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our
 profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial
 condition.

 Certain
 legal proceedings and regulatory matters could adversely impact
 our results of operations.

 We are involved in certain legal proceedings and are subject to
 various claims involving alleged breach of contract claims,
 credit card fraud, security breaches in certain of our retail
 store information systems, employment issues, consumer matters
 and other litigations. Certain of these lawsuits and claims, if
 decided adversely to us or settled by us, could result in
 material liability to the Company or have a negative impact on
 the Company’s reputation or relations with its employees,
 customers, licensees or other third parties. In addition,
 regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory
 proceedings, such proceedings could result in substantial costs
 and may require that the Company devotes substantial time and
 resources to defend itself. Further, changes in governmental
 regulations both in the U.S. and in other countries where
 we conduct business operations could have an adverse impact on
 our results of operations. See Item 3 —
 “Legal Proceedings” for further discussion of
 the Company’s legal matters.

 Our
 business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are
 disrupted or cease to operate effectively.

 The Company relies heavily on its computer systems to record and
 process transactions and manage and operate our business. We
 also utilize a sophisticated automated replenishment system to
 facilitate the processing of basic replenishment orders from our
 wholesale customers, the movement of goods through distribution
 channels, and the collection of information for planning and
 forecasting. In addition, we have
 e-commerce
 and other Internet websites in the U.S.. Given the complexity of
 our business and the significant number of transactions that we
 engage in on an annual basis, it is imperative that we maintain
 constant operation of our computer hardware and software
 systems. Despite our preventative efforts, our systems are
 vulnerable from time to time to damage or interruption from,
 among other things, security breaches, computer viruses or power
 outages.

 Our
 business is subject to risks associated with importing
 products.

 As of March 29, 2008, we source a significant portion of
 our products outside the U.S. through arrangements with
 over 400 foreign vendors in various countries. In Fiscal 2008,
 over 98%, by dollar value, of our products were produced outside
 the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe and South America. Risks
 inherent in importing our products include:

 • 

 quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements with China and
 non-WTO countries. These agreements limit the amount and type of
 goods that may be imported annually from these countries;

 • 

 changes in social, political and economic conditions or
 terrorist acts that could result in the disruption of trade from
 the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are
 located;

 • 

 the imposition of additional regulations relating to imports or
 exports;

 • 

 the imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges on
 imports or exports;

 • 

 significant fluctuations of the cost of raw materials;

 • 

 significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to security
 considerations;

 • 

 the imposition of antidumping or countervailing duty proceedings
 resulting in the potential assessment of special antidumping or
 countervailing duties; and

 • 

 the imposition of sanctions in the form of additional duties
 either by the U.S. or its trading partners to remedy
 perceived illegal actions by national governments.

 Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on
 our financial condition and results of operations.

 23

Table of Contents

 Our
 ability to conduct business in international markets may be
 affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic
 risks.

 Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets
 and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing
 international markets is subject to risks associated with
 international operations. These include:

 • 

 the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and
 regulations;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and

 • 

 new tariffs or other barriers in some international markets.

 We are also subject to general political and economic risks in
 connection with our international operations, including:

 • 

 political instability and terrorist attacks;

 • 

 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; and

 • 

 general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.

 We cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes, or other
 similar restrictions will be imposed by the U.S., the European
 Union, Japan, or other countries upon the import or export of
 our products in the future, or what effect any of these actions
 would have on our business, financial condition or results of
 operations. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social or
 economic policies and other factors may have a material adverse
 effect on our business in the future or may require us to
 significantly modify our current business practices.

 Our
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be
 adequately protected outside the U.S.

 We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights are
 extremely important to our success and our competitive position.
 We devote substantial resources to the establishment and
 protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting activities
 worldwide. Significant counterfeiting of our products continues,
 however, and in the course of our international expansion we
 have experienced conflicts with various third parties that have
 acquired or claimed ownership rights in some trademarks that
 include Polo
 and/or a
 representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise
 have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have in the past
 resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action
 and negotiated settlements, none of which, we believe, has had a
 material impact on our financial condition and results of
 operations. We cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken
 to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary
 rights will be adequate to prevent counterfeiting or a material
 adverse effect on our business or brands arising from imitation
 of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to
 block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks and
 proprietary rights of others. Also, there can be no assurance
 that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of,
 trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will
 be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our
 satisfaction or at all. In addition, the laws of certain foreign
 countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent
 as do the laws of the U.S. See Item 1 —

“Trademarks,” and Item 3 —

“Legal Proceedings.”

 Our
 business could suffer as a result of a manufacturer’s
 inability to produce our goods on time and to our
 specifications.

 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend
 exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of
 all of our products. Our products are manufactured to our
 specifications primarily by international manufacturers. During
 Fiscal 2008, less than 2%, by dollar value, of our men’s
 and women’s products were manufactured in the U.S. and
 over 98%, by dollar value, of these products were manufactured
 in other countries. Two of the manufacturers engaged by us
 accounted for approximately 12% and 8% of our total production
 during Fiscal 2008. The primary production facilities of these
 two manufacturers are located in Asia. The inability of a
 manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a timely manner
 or to meet our quality standards could cause us to miss the
 delivery date requirements of our customers for those items,
 which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept
 deliveries or a substantial reduction in purchase prices, any of
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

 24

Table of Contents

 Our
 business could suffer if one of our manufacturers fails to use
 acceptable labor practices.

 We require our licensing partners and independent manufacturers
 to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
 While our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote
 ethical business practices and our staff periodically visits and
 monitors the operations of our independent manufacturers, we do
 not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. The
 violation of labor or other laws by an independent manufacturer
 used by us or one of our licensing partners, or the divergence
 of an independent manufacturer’s or licensing
 partner’s labor practices from those generally accepted as
 ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt, or
 otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or
 damage our reputation. Any of these, in turn, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Our
 business could suffer if we need to replace
 manufacturers.

 We compete with other companies for the production capacity of
 our manufacturers and import quota capacity. Some of these
 competitors have greater financial and other resources than we
 have, and thus may have an advantage in the competition for
 production and import quota capacity. If we experience a
 significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer
 of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party
 manufacturing capacity. We cannot guarantee that this additional
 capacity will be available when required on terms that are
 acceptable to us. See Item 1 — “Sourcing,
 Production and Quality.” We enter into a number of
 purchase order commitments each season specifying a time for
 delivery, method of payment, design and quality specifications
 and other standard industry provisions, but do not have
 long-term contracts with any manufacturer. None of the
 manufacturers we use produce our products exclusively.

 Our
 business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency
 fluctuations.

 We generally purchase our products in U.S. dollars.
 However, we source most of our products overseas. As a result,
 the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the
 value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange
 rates may also affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign
 currency denominated prices at which our international
 businesses sell products. Furthermore, our international sales
 and licensing revenue generally is derived from sales in foreign
 currencies. These foreign currencies include the Japanese Yen,
 the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, and this revenue could
 be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Although we
 hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange
 rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot
 assure that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a
 material adverse impact on our financial condition and results
 of operations. See Item 7 — “Market Risk
 Management.”

 We rely
 on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our
 licenses.

 The risks associated with our own products also apply to our
 licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks
 specific to a licensing partner’s business, including, for
 example, risks associated with a particular licensing
 partner’s ability to:

 • 

 obtain capital;

 • 

 manage its labor relations;

 • 

 maintain relationships with its suppliers;

 • 

 manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively; and

 • 

 maintain relationships with its customers.

 Although some of our license agreements prohibit licensing
 partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our
 competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded
 from offering, under other brands, the types of products covered
 by their license agreements with us. A substantial portion of
 sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are
 also made to our largest customers. While we have significant
 control over our licensing partners’ products and
 advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other
 things, operational and financial control over their businesses.
 Changes in management, reduced sales of licensed products, poor
 execution or financial difficulties with respect to any of our
 licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both
 directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly
 from reduced sales of our other products. See
 Item 1 — “Our Licensing Segment.”

 25

Table of Contents

 Failure
 to maintain licensing partners could harm our
 business.

 Although we believe in most circumstances we could replace
 existing licensing partners if necessary, our inability to do so
 for any period of time could adversely affect our revenues, both
 directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly
 from reduced sales of our other products. See
 Item 1 — “Our Licensing Segment.”

 The
 voting shares of the Company’s stock are concentrated in
 one majority stockholder.

 As of March 29, 2008, Mr. Ralph Lauren, or entities
 controlled by Mr. Ralph Lauren, owned approximately 87% of
 the voting power of the outstanding common stock of the Company.
 As a result, Mr. Lauren has the ability to exercise
 significant control over our business, including, without
 limitation, (i) the election of the Company’s
 Class B common stock directors, voting separately as a
 class, and (ii) any action requiring the approval of our
 stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our
 certificate of incorporation and the approval of mergers or
 sales of all or substantially all of our assets.

 The
 trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall
 based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other
 financial performance.

 Our business planning process is designed to maximize our
 long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an
 earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe
 that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of the
 Company and our stockholders. At the same time, however, we
 recognize that from time to time it may be helpful to provide
 investors with guidance as to our quarterly and annual forecast
 of net sales and earnings. While we generally expect to provide
 updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal
 quarter, we assume no responsibility to update any of our
 forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. If and
 when we announce actual results that differ from those that have
 been predicted by us, outside analysts or others, the market
 price of our securities could be affected. Investors who rely on
 the predictions when making investment decisions with respect to
 our securities do so at their own risk. We take no
 responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such
 changes in the prices of our securities.

 Risks
 Relating to the Industry in Which We Compete

 A
 downturn in the global economy may affect consumer purchases of
 discretionary items and luxury retail products, which could
 adversely affect our sales.

 The industries in which we operate are cyclical. Many economic
 factors outside of our control affect the level of consumer
 spending in the apparel, cosmetic, fragrance and home products
 industries, including, among others:

 • 

 general business conditions;

 • 

 economic downturns;

 • 

 employment levels;

 • 

 downturns in the stock market;

 • 

 interest rates;

 • 

 the housing market;

 • 

 consumer debt levels;

 • 

 the availability of consumer credit;

 • 

 increases in fuel prices;

 • 

 taxation; and

 • 

 consumer confidence in future economic conditions.

 Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail
 products, including our products, may decline during
 recessionary periods and at other times when disposable income
 is lower. A downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in
 which we, or our licensing partners, sell our products may
 materially adversely affect our businesses and our revenues and
 profits. See Item 7 —
 “Overview — Our Objectives and Risks”
 for further discussion.

 26

Table of Contents

 The domestic and international political situation also affects
 consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of
 terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to
 a decrease in consumer spending.

 We face
 intense competition in the worldwide apparel industry.

 We face a variety of intense competitive challenges from other
 domestic and foreign fashion-oriented apparel and casual apparel
 producers, some of which may be significantly larger and more
 diversified and have greater financial and marketing resources
 than we have. We compete with these companies primarily on the
 basis of:

 • 

 anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a
 timely manner;

 • 

 maintaining favorable brand recognition;

 • 

 developing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors
 and styles that appeal to consumers;

 • 

 appropriately pricing products;

 • 

 failure to anticipate and maintain proper inventory levels;

 • 

 providing strong and effective marketing support;

 • 

 creating an acceptable value proposition for retail customers;

 • 

 ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain
 efficiencies with manufacturers and retailers; and

 • 

 obtaining sufficient retail floor space and effective
 presentation of our products at retail stores.

 We also face increasing competition from companies selling
 apparel and home products through the Internet. Although RL
 Media sells our products domestically through the Internet,
 increased competition in the worldwide apparel, accessories and
 home product industries from Internet-based competitors could
 reduce our sales, prices and margins and adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 The
 success of our business depends on our ability to respond to
 constantly changing fashion trends and consumer
 demands.

 Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate
 and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as
 to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a
 timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of
 consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty
 and are subject to rapid change. We cannot assure you that we
 will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or
 successfully meet constantly changing consumer demands in the
 future. In addition, we cannot assure you that any new products
 or brands that we introduce will be successfully received by
 consumers. Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify and
 respond effectively to changing consumer demands and fashion
 trends could adversely affect retail and consumer acceptance of
 our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold
 inventory or missed opportunities. If that occurs, we may be
 forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of
 excess, slow-moving inventory, which may harm our business and
 impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate
 consumer demand for its products or if manufacturers fail to
 supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience
 inventory shortages, which may result in unfilled orders,
 negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty
 and result in lost revenues. See Item 1 —
 “Sourcing, Production and Quality.”