The factors described below represent principal risks to our business. While we have programs in
place to manage these risks we face, our results could be adversely affected by the occurrence of
one or more of these factors.

 Ø

Changes in foreign currencies may adversely affect our financial results.

Approximately 56% of our sales are derived from outside the United States, a significant portion
of which are denominated in foreign currencies. We have significant production facilities which
are located outside of the United States. Our financial results therefore will be affected by
changes in foreign currency rates. We use certain financial instruments to mitigate these
effects, but it is not cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposure in a manner that would entirely
eliminate the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on our earnings, cash flows and fair
values of assets and liabilities. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows and
fair values have been and in the future will be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.

 Ø

Changes in global economic, political and social conditions may adversely affect our
financial results.

We are active participants in the markets of North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Latin
America. Economic and political conditions and social unrest can cause fluctuations in demand
and volatility in the price of raw materials and other costs that can adversely affect our
financial results. Specifically, economic conditions affecting the building and construction,
electronics, packaging and paper, industrial and other, transportation, household and
personal care, water and food markets could adversely
affect our financial results.

 Ø

As a multinational company, changes in foreign laws and regulatory requirements, export
controls or international tax treaties could adversely affect our financial results.

We may have to comply with unexpected changes in foreign laws and regulatory requirements which
could negatively impact our operations and ability to manage our global resources. Export
controls or other regulatory restrictions could prevent us from shipping our products into and
from some markets. Changes in tax regulation and international tax treaties could reduce the
financial performance of our foreign operations.

 Ø

Deliberate, malicious acts, including terrorism, could damage our facilities, disrupt our
operations or injure employees, contractors, customers or the public and adversely affect our
financial results.

Intentional acts of destruction could hinder our sales or production and disrupt our supply
chain. Our facilities could be damaged or destroyed, reducing our operational production
capacity and requiring us to repair or replace our facilities at a substantial cost. Employees,
contractors and the public could suffer substantial physical injury for which we could be
liable. Governmental authorities may impose security or other requirements that could make our
operations more difficult or costly. The consequences of any such actions could adversely
affect our financial results.

 Ø

Actions by our competitors may adversely affect our financial results.

Our products are sold in a competitive, global economy. Competitors include many large
multinational chemical firms based in Europe, Asia and the United States. New competitive
products or pricing policies of our competitors can materially affect demand for and pricing of
our products.

 Ø

Changes in demand may adversely affect our financial results.

Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in demand, the effective forecasting of
customer demand, the seasonal activity of certain of our businesses and weather conditions,
particularly for the Salt segment. We also manufacture and sell our products to customers in
industries and countries that are experiencing periods of rapid change, most notably countries
in Central and Eastern Europe, Turkey, Russia, Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region. These
factors can affect demand for our products and therefore may have a significant impact on
financial results.

 Ø

Restrictions on, and increased costs of, raw material supplies and energy may adversely
affect our financial results.

We purchase large amounts of raw materials and energy for our businesses. The costs of these
materials and energy, in the aggregate, represent a substantial portion of our operating
expenses. From time to time, certain raw materials we require become limited. It is likely
this will occur again in the future. Should such limitations arise, disruptions of our supply
chain may lead to higher prices and/or shortages. Also, the costs of these raw materials and
energy vary with market conditions and may be highly volatile. While we try to increase the

17

prices of our products to cover increases in our costs, we may not be able to raise our prices
as quickly as the costs rise, if at all, as our customers may not accept these increases.
Ultimately, our ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials or energy to customers
is greatly dependent upon market conditions and raising prices could result in a loss of sales
volume. Further, increases in energy prices may increase our shipping costs. These limitations
and increased costs could adversely affect our financial results. (See additional discussion of
raw materials in Item 1.)

 Ø

Production facilities are subject to operating risks and capacity limitations that may
adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

We are dependent on the continued operation of our production facilities. Production facilities
are subject to hazards associated with the manufacturing, handling, storage, and transportation
of chemical materials and products, including pipeline leaks and ruptures, explosions, fires,
inclement weather and natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, labor
difficulties, transportation interruptions, and environmental risks. Further, from time to
time, we may experience capacity limitations in our manufacturing operations. In addition, if
we are unable to effectively forecast our customers’ demand, it could affect our ability to
successfully manage operating capacity limitations. These hazards, limitations, disruptions in
supply and capacity constraints could adversely affect financial results.

 Ø

An incident affecting the Houston ship channel area may adversely affect our financial
results.

An incident affecting the Houston ship channel area could materially impact our financial
results as it could significantly affect both our operations because our largest plant is
located there; and our sources of supply, as a large portion of our petrochemical supply is from
this area.

 Ø

Failure to develop new technology or the development and successful implementation of new,
competing technologies by our competitors could adversely affect future financial results.

If we fail to develop new technology or if our competitors successfully develop and implement
new, competing technologies in the market place, our future financial results could be
significantly impacted.

 Ø

Failure of our intellectual property protections could adversely affect future financial
results.

We have invested significant resources in intellectual properties such as patents, trademarks,
copyrights and trade secrets. Since we depend on these intellectual resources for our financial
stability and future growth, we rely on the protection that these intellectual property rights
provide. With a significant portion of our operations outside the U.S., we could face
challenges in protecting our intellectual property and we may not be able to adequately protect
our trademarks and other intellectual property overseas due to uncertainty of laws and
enforcement in a number of countries relating to the protection of intellectual property rights.
A loss of intellectual property protections could enhance the ability of our competitors to
develop competitive products, thereby adversely affect our financial results.

We also rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation and
other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. While it is our policy to
enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to restrict the use
and disclosure of our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, those confidentiality agreements
may be breached. In addition, adequate remedies may not be available in the event of an
unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade secrets and know-how, and others could obtain
knowledge of such trade secrets through independent development or other access by legal means.
A breach of these trade secrets and know-how could adversely affect our financial results.

 Ø

Failure to realize benefits from joint ventures, alliances or acquisitions could adversely
affect future financial results.

We have entered, and in the future may enter, into arrangements with other companies to expand
product offerings and to enhance our own capabilities. We may continue to make strategic
acquisitions and divestitures. In certain of these ventures, we share control with third
parties and run the risk of encountering differences of opinion or having difficulty in reaching
consensus with respect to certain business issues. In addition, the success of acquisitions of
new technologies, companies and products, or arrangements with third parties, is not predictable
and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in realizing our objectives, or that
realization may not take longer than anticipated, or that there will not be unintended adverse
consequences from these actions. These complications and issues arising from our participation
in joint ventures, alliances and acquisitions could adversely affect our financial results.

 Ø

Environmental costs could adversely affect our financial results.

We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign environmental, safety and health
laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions in the air, discharges to land
and water, and the

18

generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. We take
our environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a risk of environmental impact
inherent in chemical manufacturing operations. Future developments and more stringent
environmental regulations may require us to make additional unforeseen environmental
expenditures. In addition, laws and regulations require significant expenditures for
environmental protection equipment, compliance and remediation. These additional costs may
adversely affect our financial results.

 Ø

Litigation results could adversely affect our financial results.

We are subject to litigation in the normal course of business. In addition, we could become
subject to additional claims in the future. An adverse outcome of one or more of these
litigation matters, both current and those that may affect us in the future, could adversely
affect our financial results.

 Ø

Inability to attract, develop or retain quality employees could adversely impact our
ability to achieve our objectives.

We have objectives in our businesses and regions to sustain and grow the company. Continued
success in achieving the objectives of the company depends on the recruitment, development and
retention of qualified employees. Without these employees, we may not be able to achieve these
objectives.

 Ø

Any damage to our reputation could adversely affect our financial results.

Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to selling our branded products. If we fail
to maintain high standards for product quality, safety and integrity, our reputation could be
jeopardized. Adverse publicity, whether or not valid, may reduce demand for our products or
cause production and delivery disruptions. Damage to our reputation or loss of confidence in our
products for any of these reasons could adversely affect our financial results.