In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and
financial risks. These risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows. Our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process seeks to identify and address significant risks.
Our ERM process uses the integrated risk framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
(COSO) to assess, manage, and monitor risks. We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of
the pursuit of our growth and performance strategy. Our goal is to manage risks prudently rather
than avoiding risks. We can mitigate these risks and their impact on the company only to a limited
extent.

A team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address
each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. Our Board of Directors
provides oversight of the ERM process and reviews significant identified risks. The Audit
Committee also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to
monitor and manage them. Our other Board committees also play a role in risk management, as set
forth in their respective charters.

Our goal is to proactively manage risks in a structured approach in conjunction with strategic
planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. However, the risks set forth
below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could
cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results and
could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the
risks of doing business in many countries.

Approximately 49 percent of our revenues in 2010 were outside of the U.S. Future growth rates
and success of our business depend in large part on growth in our international sales. Numerous
risks and uncertainties affect our international operations as international transactions may
involve increased financial and legal risks. These risks and uncertainties include political and
economic instability, compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including
those related to tariffs, investments, taxation, trade controls, employment regulations and
repatriation of earnings, and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. In
addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and
interest rates. While these factors and their impacts are difficult to predict, any one or more of
them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.

New legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business.

Legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the various countries and other
jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in these countries or may
otherwise increase our costs to do business. For example, we are increasingly required to comply
with various environmental and other material, product, certification, labeling and customer
requirements. These requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse
effect on our ability to ship our products into certain jurisdictions. We cannot predict the
outcome of any specific legislative or regulatory proposals.

An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for
our products.

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the
changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new
products requires high levels of innovation and the development process is often lengthy and
costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to
changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our business and
operating results would be adversely affected.

7

Table of Contents

Adverse changes in business or industry conditions and volatility and disruption of the capital
and credit markets may result in decreases in our revenues and profitability.

We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced
orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic
challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers.

Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the
financial performance of major industries that we serve. As economic activity slows or credit
markets tighten, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in
decreased demand for our products.

Our ability to access the credit markets, and the related costs of these borrowings, is
affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. If our access to
credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market
conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may
be reduced.

Information technology infrastructure failures could disrupt our business.

We depend heavily on our information technology (IT) infrastructure in order to achieve our
business objectives. If we experience a problem that impairs this infrastructure, a problem with
the functioning of an important IT application, a breach of security or an intentional disruption
of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could impede our ability to record or process orders,
manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on our business in the ordinary course.
Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur
significant expense to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns.

We are implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that is resulting in
redesigned new processes, organization structures and a common information system. Significant
roll-outs of the system occurred at our U.S. locations and certain locations in Mexico and Europe
in 2007 to 2010, and are scheduled to continue at additional locations in 2011 and beyond. As we
continue to implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. This could have an adverse
effect on our business.

There are inherent risks in our solutions businesses.

Risks inherent in the sale of solutions include assuming greater responsibility for project
completion and success, defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects,
and managing the quality of our subcontractors. If we are unable to control, manage, and mitigate
these risks, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our industry is highly competitive.

We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. We
compete based on breadth and scope of our product portfolio and solution and service offerings,
technology differentiation, product performance, quality of our products and services, knowledge of
integrated systems and applications that address our customers’ business challenges, pricing,
delivery and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the markets
and product areas that we serve. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels by continually
developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements and offering complete
solutions for our customers’ business problems. If we fail to keep pace with technological changes
or to provide high quality products and services, we may experience price erosion, lower revenues
and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit
our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.

A disruption to our distribution channel could reduce our revenues.

In the United States and Canada, approximately 90 percent of our sales are through
distributors. In certain other countries, the majority of our sales are also through a limited
number of distributors. While we maintain the right to appoint new distributors, any unplanned
disruption to our existing distribution channel could adversely affect our revenues. A disruption
could result from the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability of a
distributor, or other events.

8

Table of Contents

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental
remediation) could reduce our profitability.

Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to
the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, safety and health,
employment, contract matters and environmental remediation.

We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure
to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. Our products may also be used
in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims being brought
against us. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties
related to the collection of insurance coverage make it difficult to predict the ultimate
resolution.

Our operations are subject to regulation by various environmental regulatory authorities
concerned with the impact of the environment on human health, the limitation and control of
emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality of air and bodies of water,
and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. Environmental laws and regulations can
be complex and may change. Our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for
natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and