for a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property.

          The Company’s name and its registered trademark “Rockwell Automation®” is important to each of
our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks
that we use for certain products
and services, such as “Allen-Bradley
®” and “A-B
®” for electronic controls and systems for
industrial automation, “Reliance
®” and “Reliance Electric
TM” for electric motors and
drives and
“Dodge
®”
for mechanical power transmission products. Although we have
announced the signing of a definitive agreement to sell the principal
businesses of our Power Systems operating segment, we will
retain the Reliance Electric
TM and Reliance
® branded drives business and related parts
and services as an integral part of our global drives and services
businesses. We will retain a long-term license to the Reliance
® and Reliance Electric
TM trademarks
in connection with the drives business.

6

Seasonality

          Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the
calendarization of our results can be affected by the seasonal capital spending patterns of our
customers due to their annual capital budgeting processes and their working schedules combined with
seasonal changes in the composition of the products and services our customers purchase.

Available Information

          We maintain an Internet site at http://www.rockwellautomation.com. Our annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
Exchange Act), as well as our annual report to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and
5, are available free of charge on this site as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or
furnish these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). All reports we file with
the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC’s website at

http://www.sec.gov. Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board Committees
are also available at our Internet site. These Guidelines and charters are also available in print
to any shareowner upon request. The information contained on and linked from our Internet site is
not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

          The certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required
pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are included as Exhibits to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and were included as Exhibits to each of our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q filed during 2006. Our Chief Executive Officer certified to the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE) on March 2, 2006 pursuant to Section 303A.12 of the NYSE’s listing standards, that he was
not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards as
of that date.



We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the
risks of doing business outside of the United States.

          Approximately 38 percent of our revenues in 2006 were outside of the U.S. Future growth rates
and success of our business depend in large part on continued growth in our non-U.S. operations.
Numerous risks and uncertainties affect our non-U.S. operations. These risks and uncertainties
include political and economic instability, changes in local governmental laws, regulations and
policies, including those related to tariffs, investments, taxation, exchange controls, employment
regulations and repatriation of earnings, and enforcement of contract and intellectual property
rights. International transactions may also involve increased financial and legal risks due to
differing legal systems and customs, including risks of non-compliance with U.S. and local laws
affecting our activities abroad. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. While these factors and the impact of these
factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or operating results.

An inability to anticipate changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our
products.

          Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the
changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new
products requires high levels of innovation and the development process is often lengthy and
costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to
changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results
would be adversely affected.

General economic, business or industry conditions may result in a decrease in our revenues and
profitability.

          Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of global industrial production. As
economic activity slows down, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, resulting
in decreased demand for our products. If this occurs, our revenues and profitability may be
negatively affected.

Information technology infrastructure failures could significantly affect our business.

          We depend heavily on our information technology infrastructure in order to achieve our
business objectives. If we experience a problem that impairs this infrastructure, such as a
computer virus, a problem with the functioning of an important IT application, or an intentional
disruption of our IT systems by a third party, the resulting disruptions could impede our ability
to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on our
business in the ordinary course. Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and
could require us to incur significant expense to eliminate these problems and address related
security concerns.

7

          We are in the process of introducing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that
will redesign and deploy new processes, organization structures and a common information system
over a period of several years. Our first significant roll-outs of the system are scheduled to
occur at several of our U.S. locations in fiscal 2007. As we implement the ERP system, the new
system may not perform as expected. This could have an adverse effect on our business.

The growth of our Control Systems solutions offerings may create additional risks.

          Risks inherent in the sale of systems and solutions include assuming greater responsibility
for project completion and success, defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing
projects, and managing the efficiency and quality of our subcontractors. Our inability to control,
manage, and mitigate these risks could adversely affect our results of operations.

The global industrial automation power, control and information products and services industry is
highly competitive.

          We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several specific respects,
including pricing, product performance, developing integrated systems and applications that address
the business challenges faced by our customers and customer service. The relative importance of
these factors differs across the geographic markets and product areas that we serve. Price
competition in our various industries is intense. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels by
continually developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements. If we fail
to keep pace with technological changes, we may experience price erosion and lower margins. We
expect that the level of competition will remain high in the future, which could limit our ability
to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.

A disruption to our distribution channel could have an adverse effect on our operating results.

          In the United States and Canada, approximately 75 percent of our sales are through a limited
number of third party distributors. While we maintain the right to appoint new distributors, any
unplanned disruption to the existing channel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
A disruption could be caused by the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability
of the distributor, or other events.

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims) could adversely affect
our business.

          Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to
the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, safety and health,
employment and contract matters. We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal
injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain components of our products many
years ago. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties
related to the collection of insurance coverage make it difficult to predict the ultimate
resolution.

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could harm our business and
our customers.

          We own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important
to our business. The loss of patents or licenses used in principal portions of our business may
have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our
intellectual property rights could be significant. In addition, others may assert intellectual
property infringement claims against us or our customers. We sometimes provide a limited
intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our
customers and in other types of contracts with third parties. Indemnification payments and legal
costs to defend claims could have an adverse effect on our business.

Dispositions of businesses involve risks and uncertainties.

          Our
business strategy and long-term objectives may result in decisions to dispose of assets or
businesses. The disposition of assets or businesses can be highly uncertain. In June 2006 we
announced our intention to divest the principal businesses of our
Power Systems operating segment and on November 7, 2006, we announced
that we have entered into a definitive agreement to sell these
businesses to Baldor Electric Company. The transaction is subject to
customary closing conditions and regulatory approval. Any failures or
delays in satisfying closing conditions for this divestiture or
difficulties in re-deploying
the proceeds to minimize the dilutive effect of the sale could have
an adverse effect on our ability to execute on our strategy.

Our reliance on third party suppliers creates certain risks and uncertainties.

          Our manufacturing processes require that we purchase a high volume of equipment, components
and materials from third party suppliers. Our reliance on these suppliers involves certain risks,
including:

•

the cost of these purchases may change due to inflation, exchange rates or other factors;

•

poor quality can adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products; and

•

a shortage of components or materials could adversely affect our manufacturing
efficiencies and delivery capabilities, which could reduce sales and profitability.

8

          Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete.
We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships, because either alternative sources
are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support,
delivery, capacity, or price considerations. Unavailability or delivery delays of single-source
components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related product in desired
quantities and in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more
severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where alternative
sources of supply are available, qualifying the alternate suppliers and establishing reliable
supplies could cost more or could result in delays and a loss of revenues.

Potential liabilities and costs relating to environmental remediation could adversely affect our
business.

          Our operations, both in the United States and abroad, are subject to regulation by various
environmental regulatory authorities concerned with the impact of the environment on human health,
the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality
of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances.
Environmental laws and regulations can be complex and may change. Our financial responsibility for
the cleanup or other remediation of contaminated property or for natural resource damages may
extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and properties owned by unrelated
companies or individuals, as well as properties that we currently own and use, regardless of
whether the contamination is attributable to prior owners.

          We have been named as a potentially responsible party at cleanup sites and may be so named in
the future as well, and the costs associated with these current and future sites may be
significant.

The inability to successfully defend claims from taxing authorities related to our current and
divested businesses could adversely affect our operating results and financial position.

          We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret the income tax laws and
rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the subjectivity of tax laws between those
jurisdictions as well as the subjectivity of factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax
liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. Claims from taxing authorities related
to these differences could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial position.
In connection with the divestiture of certain businesses in prior years, we retained tax
liabilities and the rights to tax refunds for periods before the divestitures. As a result, from
time to time, we may be required to make payments related to tax matters associated with those
divested businesses.

Natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, international conflicts or other disruptions to our
operations could harm our business.

          Natural disasters, acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, and the
actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to such events could cause
damage or disrupt our business operations, our suppliers, or our customers, and could create
political or economic instability, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business.
Although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could
decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products, or
disrupt our supply chain.

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could lead to a loss of revenue or
profitability.

          Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key
employees. Their skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and
administration. The failure to attract and retain members of our senior management team and key
employees could have a negative effect on our operating results.

Risks associated with acquisitions could have an adverse effect on us.

          We have acquired, and anticipate continuing to acquire, businesses in an effort to enhance
shareowner value. Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including:

•

difficulties integrating the acquired business, retaining the acquired business’
customers, and achieving the expected benefits of the acquisition, such as revenue
increases, cost savings, and increases in geographic or product presence, in the desired
time frames, if at all;

•

loss of key employees of the acquired business;

•

difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures,
policies and information systems; and

•

diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns.

          Future acquisitions could cause us to incur debt, dilution, contingent liabilities, increased
interest expense, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. Impairment losses on
goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite life, or restructuring charges, could also occur
as a result of acquisitions.

9