for a discussion of risks associated with our operations outside of the United States. Sales and property information by major geographic area for each of the past three years is contained in Note 18 in the Financial
Statements. 

Competition 

Depending on the product or service involved, our competitors range from large diversified businesses that sell products outside of industrial automation, to smaller companies specializing in niche products and
services. Factors that influence our competitive position are our broad product portfolio and scope of solutions, technology leadership, knowledge of customer applications, large installed base, established distribution network, quality of products
and services, price and global presence. 

Distribution 

In the United States and Canada, we sell our products primarily through independent
distributors that typically do not carry products that compete with Allen-Bradley®
 products. We sell large systems and service offerings principally through a direct sales force, though
opportunities are sometimes identified through distributors. Outside the United States and Canada, we sell products through a combination of direct sales and sales through distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in 2008, 2007 and 2006 were
between 9 and 10 percent of our total sales. 

4 

Research and Development 

Our research and development spending for the years ended September 30, 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $191.3 million, $166.9 million, and $148.5 million, respectively. Customer-sponsored research
and development was not significant in 2008, 2007 or 2006. 

Employees 

At September 30, 2008 we had approximately 21,000 employees. Approximately 9,800 were employed in the United States, and, of these
employees, about three percent were represented by various local or national unions. 

Raw Materials and Supplies 

We purchase many items of equipment, components and materials used to produce our products from others. The raw materials essential to the
conduct of each of our business segments generally are available at competitive prices. Although we have a broad base of suppliers and subcontractors, we depend upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality
specifications and delivery schedules. See Item 1A. Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on third party suppliers. 

Backlog 

Our total order backlog at September 30 was (in millions): 

2008

2007

 Architecture & Software

$

161.2

$

119.0

 Control Products & Solutions

872.6

796.7

$

1,033.8

$

915.7

Backlog is not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods
due to the short-cycle nature of most of our sales activities. Backlog orders scheduled for shipment beyond 2009 were approximately $97.2 million as of September 30, 2008. 

Environmental Protection Requirements 

Information about the
effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and resolution of environmental claims is contained in Note 17 in the Financial Statements. See also Item 3. Legal Proceedings
. 

Patents, Licenses and Trademarks 

We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our products and operations. Various claims of patent infringement and requests for patent indemnification have been made to us. We believe that
none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important in the operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of
them would materially affect our business or financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property. 

The Company’s name and its registered trademark “Rockwell
Automation®
” is important to each of our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks that we use, such as “Allen-Bradley
®
,” “A-B
®
” and “ICS Triplex

TM

”
for our control products and systems for industrial automation, and “Rockwell Software®
” and “FactoryTalk
®
”
for our software products. 

Seasonality 

Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal spending patterns of our customers due
to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules. 

5 

Available Information 

We maintain an Internet site at http://www.rockwellautomation.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as our annual report to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are available free of charge
on this site as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC’s website at

http://www.sec.gov. Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board Committees are also available at our Internet site. These Guidelines and charters are also available in print to any shareowner upon request. The
information contained on and linked from our Internet site is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are included as Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and were included as
Exhibits to each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed during 2008. Our Chief Executive Officer certified to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on March 6, 2008 pursuant to Section 303A.12 of the NYSE’s listing standards, that
he was not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards as of that date. 



Our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows can be impacted by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These and other risks and uncertainties could cause our
results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 

We generate a substantial
portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the risks of doing business outside of the United States. 

Approximately 50 percent of our revenues in 2008 were outside of the U.S. Future growth rates and success of our business depend in large part on continued growth in our non-U.S. sales. Numerous risks and
uncertainties affect our non-U.S. operations. These risks and uncertainties include political and economic instability, changes in local governmental laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs, investments, taxation, trade
controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings, and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. International transactions may also involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs,
including risks of non-compliance with U.S. and local laws affecting our activities abroad. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. While these factors and their impacts are
difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

An inability to anticipate changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new products requires high levels of innovation and
the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results would be
adversely affected. 

Adverse changes in global or regional economic, business or industry conditions and volatility
and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in a decrease in our revenues and profitability. 

Demand
for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of global or regional industrial production and the financial performance of major industries that we serve, including, without limitation, food and beverage, home and 

6 

personal care, life sciences, oil and gas, mining, aggregates, cement, metals, water/wastewater, forest products and transportation. As economic activity
slows or credit markets tighten, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our products and negatively affect our business. 

We intend to fund our future uses of cash, which may include repayments of short-term loans, repurchases of common stock, dividends to
shareowners, capital expenditures, acquisitions of businesses and additional contributions to our pension plans, with a combination of existing cash balances, cash generated by operating activities, commercial paper borrowings or a new issuance of
debt or issuance of other securities. Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related costs of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. If our access to the commercial paper market
is adversely affected due to a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

A global recession and continued worldwide credit constraints could adversely affect us. 

Recent global economic events, including concerns over the tightening of credit markets and failures or material business deterioration of financial institutions and other entities, have resulted
in a heightened concern regarding a potential global recession. If these conditions continue or worsen, we could experience potential declines in revenues, profitability and cash flow due to reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions
or other factors caused by economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers. 

Information technology infrastructure failures could significantly affect our business. 

We depend
heavily on our information technology (IT) infrastructure in order to achieve our business objectives. If we experience a problem that impairs this infrastructure, such as a computer virus, a problem with the functioning of an important IT
application, or an intentional disruption of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could impede our ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on our business in the ordinary course. Any such
events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur significant expense to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns. 

We are implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that will redesign and deploy new processes, organization structures and a common information system over a period of
several years. Significant roll-outs of the system occurred at several of our U.S. locations and certain locations in Mexico in 2007 and 2008, and are scheduled to continue at additional locations in 2009 and beyond. As we implement the ERP system,
the new system may not perform as expected. This could have an adverse effect on our business. 

There are inherent
risks in our growing solutions businesses. 

Risks inherent in the sale of systems and solutions include assuming
greater responsibility for project completion and success, defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects, and managing the efficiency and quality of our subcontractors. Our inability to control, manage, and mitigate these
risks could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The global industrial automation power, control and
information products and services industry is highly competitive. 

We face strong competition in all of our market
segments in several significant respects, including product performance, quality, developing integrated systems and applications that address the business challenges faced by our customers, pricing and customer service. The relative importance of
these factors differs across the markets and product areas that we serve. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels by continually developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our
customers’ business problems. If we fail to keep pace with technological changes or provide high quality products and services, we may experience price erosion and lower revenues and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in
the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 

7 

A disruption to our distribution channel could have an adverse effect on our
operating results. 

In the United States and Canada, approximately 85 percent of our sales are through a limited
number of third party distributors. While we maintain the right to appoint new distributors, any unplanned disruption to the existing channel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A disruption could be caused by the sale of a
distributor to a competitor, financial instability of the distributor, or other events. 

Potential liabilities and
costs from litigation (including asbestos claims) could adversely affect our business. 

Various lawsuits, claims and
proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, safety and health, employment and contract matters. We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging
personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance coverage make it
difficult to predict the ultimate resolution. 

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property
could harm our business and our customers. 

We own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade
names that are important to our business. The loss of patents or licenses used in principal portions of our business may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be
significant. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We regularly provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers
and in other types of contracts with third parties. Indemnification payments and legal costs to defend claims could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We rely on third party suppliers for the purchase of raw materials, including commodities, which creates certain risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business. 

Our manufacturing processes require that we buy a high volume of equipment, components and raw materials, including
commodities such as copper, aluminum and steel, from third party suppliers. Our reliance on these suppliers involves certain risks, including: 

 •

 poor quality can adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products; 

 •

 the cost of these purchases may change due to inflation, exchange rates, commodity market volatility or other factors; 

 •

 we may not be able recover any increase in costs for these purchases through price increases to our customers; and 

 •

 a shortage of components, commodities or other materials could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and delivery capabilities, which could reduce
sales and profitability. 

Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability
to compete. We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships, because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations.
Unavailability or delivery delays of single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related product in desired quantities and in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more
severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where alternative sources of supply are available, qualifying the alternate suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or could result in delays and a
loss of revenues. 

Potential liabilities and costs for environmental remediation could adversely affect our business.

Our operations, both in the United States and abroad, are subject to regulation by various environmental regulatory
authorities concerned with the impact of the environment on human health, the limitation and control 

8 

of emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified
substances. Environmental laws and regulations can be complex and may change. Our financial responsibility for the cleanup or other remediation of contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used