for a discussion of risks associated with our operations outside of the
United States. Sales and property information by major geographic area for each of the past three
years is contained in Note 18 in the Financial Statements.

Competition

Depending on the product or service involved, our competitors range from large diversified
corporations with business interests outside of industrial automation, to smaller companies that
specialize in niche industrial automation products and services. Factors that influence our
competitive position include the breadth of our product portfolio and scope of solutions,
technology leadership, knowledge of customer applications, installed base, distribution network,
quality of products and services, global presence and price. Our major competitors of both segments
include Siemens AG, ABB Ltd, Honeywell International Inc., Schneider Electric SA and Emerson
Electric Co.

Distribution

We sell our products, solutions and services through both independent distributors that
typically do not carry products that compete with Allen-Bradley® products, and our direct sales
force. In the United States, Canada and certain other countries, we sell primarily through the
independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. In the remaining countries,
we sell through a combination of our direct sales force and to a lesser extent, through independent
distributors. Approximately 70% of our global sales are through independent distributors. Sales
to our largest distributor in 2011, 2010 and 2009 were approximately 10 percent of our total sales.

Research and Development

Our research and development spending for the years ended September 30, 2011, 2010 and 2009
was $254.4 million, $198.9 million, and $170.0 million, respectively. Customer-sponsored research
and development was not significant in 2011, 2010 or 2009.

Employees

At September 30, 2011 we had approximately 21,000 employees. Approximately 8,000 were
employed in the United States.

Raw Materials and Supplies

We purchase a wide range of equipment, components, finished products and materials used in our
business. The raw materials essential to the manufacture of our products generally are available
at competitive prices. Although we have a broad base of suppliers and subcontractors, we depend
upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality specifications
and delivery schedules. See Item 1A. Risk Factors 
for a discussion of risks associated with our
reliance on third party suppliers.

Backlog

Our total order backlog at September 30 was (in millions):

2011

2010

 Architecture & Software 

$

160.3

$

140.6

 Control Products & Solutions 

1,016.8

921.0

$

1,177.1

$

1,061.6

Backlog is not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods due to the
short-cycle nature of most of our sales activities. Backlog orders scheduled for shipment beyond
2012 were approximately $107.2 million as of September 30, 2011.

5

Table of Contents

Environmental Protection Requirements

Information about the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and
resolution of environmental claims is contained in Note 17 in the Financial Statements and in Item
3. Legal Proceedings
.

Patents, Licenses and Trademarks

We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our products and
operations. Various claims of patent infringement and requests for patent indemnification have
been made to us. We believe that none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important
in the operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of them
would materially affect our business or financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors 
for a
discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property.

The Company’s name and its registered trademark “Rockwell Automation®” and other
trademarks such as “Allen-Bradley
®”, “A-B
®” and “PlantPAx Process Automation
System
TM” are important to both of our business segments. In addition, we own other
important trademarks that we use, such as “ICS Triplex
TM” for our control products and
systems for industrial automation, and “Rockwell Software
®” and
“FactoryTalk
®” for our software offerings.

Seasonality

Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the
calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal spending patterns of
our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules.

Available Information

We maintain a website at http://www.rockwellautomation.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act), as well as our annual report to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are
available free of charge on this site as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish
these reports with the SEC. All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via
EDGAR through the SEC’s website at 
http://www.sec.gov. Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and
charters for our Board committees are also available on our website. The information contained on
and linked from our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

6

Table of Contents

 Item 1A.



In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and
financial risks. These risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows. Our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process seeks to identify and address significant risks.
Our ERM process uses the integrated risk framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
(COSO) to assess, manage, and monitor risks. We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of
the pursuit of our growth and performance strategy. Our goal is to manage risks prudently rather
than avoiding risks. We can mitigate risks and their impact on the company only to a limited
extent.

A team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address
each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. Our Board of Directors
provides oversight of the ERM process and reviews significant identified risks. The Audit
Committee also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to
monitor and manage them. Our other Board committees also play a role in risk management, as set
forth in their respective charters.

Our goal is to proactively manage risks in a structured approach in conjunction with strategic
planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. However, the risks set forth
below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could
cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results and
could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Adverse changes in business or industry conditions and volatility and disruption of the capital
and credit markets may result in decreases in our revenues and profitability.

We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced
orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic
challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers.

Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the
financial performance of major industries that we serve. As economic activity slows, credit
markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns linger, companies tend to reduce their levels of
capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our products.

Our ability to access the credit markets, and the related costs of these borrowings, is
affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. If our access to
credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market
conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may
be reduced.

We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the
risks of doing business in many countries.

Approximately 51 percent of our revenues in 2011 were outside of the U.S. Future growth rates
and success of our business depend in large part on growth in our international sales. Numerous
risks and uncertainties affect our international operations. These risks and uncertainties include
increased financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability,
compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including those related to
tariffs, investments, taxation, trade controls, employment regulations and repatriation of
earnings, and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. In addition, we are
affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates.

New legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business.

Legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the various countries and other
jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in these countries or may
otherwise increase our costs to do business. For example, we are increasingly required to comply
with various environmental and other material, product, certification, labeling and customer
requirements. These requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse
effect on our ability to ship our products into certain jurisdictions.

7

Table of Contents

An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand
for our products.

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the
changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new
products requires high levels of innovation and the development process is often lengthy and
costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to
changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline.

Failures or security breaches of our products or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our
business.

We rely heavily on information technology (IT) both in our products, solutions and services for customers and in
our enterprise IT infrastructure in order to achieve our business objectives. Government agencies and security experts
have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals and other attacks targeting every type of IT system
including industrial control systems such as those we sell and serve and corporate enterprise IT systems.

Our portfolio of hardware and software products, solutions and services and our enterprise IT systems may be
vulnerable to damage or intrusion from a variety of attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious
software programs that access them. These attacks have sometimes been successful.

Despite the precautions we take, an intrusion or infection of software, hardware or a system that we sold or
serviced could result in the disruption of our customers’ business, loss of proprietary or confidential information, or
injuries to people or property. Similarly, an attack on our enterprise IT system could result in theft or disclosure
of trade secrets or other intellectual property or a breach of confidential customer or employee information. Any such
events could have an adverse impact on revenue, harm our reputation, cause us to incur legal liability and cause us to
incur increased costs to address such events and related security concerns.

We are implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that is resulting in redesigned processes,
organization structures and a common information system. Significant roll-outs of the system occurred at our U.S.
locations and certain non-U.S. locations in 2007 to 2011, and are scheduled to continue at additional locations in 2012
and beyond. As we continue to implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. This could have an adverse
effect on our business.

There are inherent risks in our solutions businesses.

Risks inherent in the sale of solutions include assuming greater responsibility for project
completion and success, defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects,
and managing the quality of our subcontractors. If we are unable to manage and mitigate these
risks, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our industry is highly competitive.

We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. We
compete based on breadth and scope of our product portfolio and solution and service offerings,
technology differentiation, product performance, quality of our products and services, knowledge of
integrated systems and applications that address our customers’ business challenges, pricing,
delivery and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the markets
and product areas that we serve. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels by continually
developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements and offering complete
solutions for our customers’ business problems. If we fail to keep pace with technological changes
or to provide high quality products and services, we may experience price erosion, lower revenues
and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit
our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.

We face the potential harms of natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, international conflicts
or other disruptions to our operations.

Natural disasters, acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political
instability and the actions taken by governments could cause damage to or disrupt our business
operations, our suppliers or our customers, and could create economic instability. Although it is
not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for
our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products.

8

Table of Contents

Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual
property rights could harm our business and our customers.

Others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We
frequently provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and
conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third parties.
Indemnification payments and legal costs to defend claims could be costly.

In addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that
are important to our business. The inability to enforce our intellectual property rights may have
an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual
property rights could be significant.

We must successfully defend any claims from taxing authorities to avoid an adverse effect on our
tax expense and financial position.

We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret the income tax laws and
rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the ambiguity of tax laws among those
jurisdictions as well as the subjectivity of factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax
liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. Claims by taxing authorities related
to these differences could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial position.

Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel while appropriately
managing costs related to employee benefits.

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key
employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations
and performance. One important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is
continuing to offer competitive employee retirement and heath care benefits.

The amount of expenses we record for our defined benefit pension plans depends on factors such
as changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets. Significant decreases in market
interest rates or the value of plan assets would increase our expenses. Expenses related to
employer-funded health care benefits continue to increase as well.

Increasing employee benefit costs or the failure to attract and retain members of our
management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results and
financial condition.

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental
remediation) could reduce our profitability.

Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to
the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, safety and health,
employment, contract matters and environmental remediation.

We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure
to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. Our products may also be used
in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims. The
uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the
collection of insurance coverage make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution.

Our operations are subject to regulation by various environmental regulatory authorities
concerned with the impact of the environment on human health, the limitation and control of
emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality of air and bodies of water,
and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. Environmental laws and regulations can
be complex and may change. Our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for
natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and