for a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on third party suppliers. 

Backlog 

Our total order backlog at September 30 was (in millions): 

2007

2006

 Architecture & Software

$

119.0

$

107.6

 Control Products & Solutions

796.7

525.4

$

915.7

$

633.0

Backlog is not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods
due to the short-cycle nature of most of our sales activities. 

Environmental Protection Requirements 

Information about the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and resolution of environmental claims is contained
in Note 17 in the Financial Statements. See also Item 3. Legal Proceedings
. 

Patents, Licenses and Trademarks 

We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our products and operations. Various claims of patent
infringement and requests for patent indemnification have been made to us. We believe that none of these claims will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important in the
operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of them would materially affect our business or financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our
intellectual property. 

5 

The Company’s name and its
registered trademark “Rockwell Automation®
” is important to each of our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks that we use, such as
“Allen-Bradley
®
,” “A-B
®
” and “ICS Triplex
™
” for electronic controls and systems for industrial automation, and “Rockwell Software
®
” for our software products. 

Seasonality 

Our
business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal capital spending patterns of our customers due to their annual capital budgeting processes and
their working schedules combined with seasonal changes in the composition of the products and services our customers purchase. 

Available Information 

We maintain an Internet site at http://www.rockwellautomation.com. Our annual
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as our
annual report to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are available free of charge on this site as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). All
reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC’s website at 
http://www.sec.gov. Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board Committees are also available at our Internet
site. These Guidelines and charters are also available in print to any shareowner upon request. The information contained on and linked from our Internet site is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are included as Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and were included as Exhibits to each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed during 2007. Our Chief Executive Officer certified to the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE) on March 8, 2007 pursuant to Section 303A.12 of the NYSE’s listing standards, that he was not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards as of that date. 



Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These and other risks and uncertainties could cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 

We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the risks of doing business outside of the United States. 

Approximately 46 percent of our revenues in 2007 were outside of the U.S. Future growth rates and success of our business depend in large
part on continued growth in our non-U.S. sales. Numerous risks and uncertainties affect our non-U.S. operations. These risks and uncertainties include political and economic instability, changes in local governmental laws, regulations and policies,
including those related to tariffs, investments, taxation, trade controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings, and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. International transactions may also involve increased
financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs, including risks of non-compliance with U.S. and local laws affecting our activities abroad. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation
rates and interest rates. While these factors and their impacts are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

6 

An inability to anticipate changes in customer preferences could result in
decreased demand for our products. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that
appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new products requires high levels of innovation and the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate,
identify, develop and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results would be adversely affected. 

General economic, business or industry conditions may result in a decrease in our revenues and profitability. 

Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of global industrial production. As economic activity slows down or credit
markets tighten, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, resulting in decreased demand for our products. If this occurs, our revenues and profitability may be negatively affected. 

Information technology infrastructure failures could significantly affect our business. 

We depend heavily on our information technology infrastructure in order to achieve our business objectives. If we experience a problem
that impairs this infrastructure, such as a computer virus, a problem with the functioning of an important IT application, or an intentional disruption of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could impede our ability to record or process
orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on our business in the ordinary course. Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur significant expense to eliminate these problems and
address related security concerns. 

We are implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that will
redesign and deploy new processes, organization structures and a common information system over a period of several years. Our first significant roll-outs of the system occurred at several of our U.S. locations in fiscal 2007, and will continue at
additional locations in 2008. As we implement the ERP system, the new system may not perform as expected. This could have an adverse effect on our business. 

There are additional risks in our growing solutions businesses. 

Risks inherent in the sale of systems and solutions include assuming greater responsibility for project completion and success, defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects, and managing the efficiency and quality
of our subcontractors. Our inability to control, manage, and mitigate these risks could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The global industrial automation power, control and information products and services industry is highly competitive. 

We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects, including pricing, product performance, quality, developing integrated systems and applications that address the business
challenges faced by our customers, and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the markets and product areas that we serve. Price competition in our served markets is intense. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing
levels by continually developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our customers’ business problems. If we fail to keep pace with technological changes or provide high quality
products and services, we may experience price erosion and lower revenues and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.

A disruption to our distribution channel could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

In the United States and Canada, approximately 85 percent of our sales are through a limited number of third party distributors. While
we maintain the right to appoint new distributors, any unplanned disruption to the existing channel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A disruption could be caused by the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial
instability of the distributor, or other events. 

7 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims) could
adversely affect our business. 

Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us
relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, safety and health, employment and contract matters. We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos
that was used in certain of our products many years ago. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance coverage make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution.

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could harm our business and our customers.

We own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. The
loss of patents or licenses used in principal portions of our business may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be significant. In addition, others may assert
intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We regularly provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third
parties. Indemnification payments and legal costs to defend claims could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
rely on third party suppliers, which creates certain risks and uncertainties. 

Our manufacturing processes require
that we buy a high volume of equipment, components and materials from third party suppliers. Our reliance on these suppliers involves certain risks, including: 

 •

 the cost of these purchases may change due to inflation, exchange rates or other factors; 

 •

 poor quality can adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products; and 

 •

 a shortage of components or materials could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and delivery capabilities, which could reduce sales and
profitability. 

Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to
compete. We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships, because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations.
Unavailability or delivery delays of single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related product in desired quantities and in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more
severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where alternative sources of supply are available, qualifying the alternate suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or could result in delays and a
loss of revenues. 

Potential liabilities and costs for environmental remediation could adversely affect our business.

Our operations, both in the United States and abroad, are subject to regulation by various environmental regulatory
authorities concerned with the impact of the environment on human health, the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified
substances. Environmental laws and regulations can be complex and may change. Our financial responsibility for the cleanup or other remediation of contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used