for more information.

Item 1.    
Business

General

Rockwell Automation, Inc. (“Rockwell Automation” or the “Company”) 
is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable.
 Our hardware and software products, solutions and services are designed to meet our customers’ needs to reduce total cost of ownership, maximize asset utilization, improve time to market and reduce enterprise business risk.

2

Table of Contents

The Company continues the business founded as the Allen-Bradley Company in 1903. The privately-owned Allen-Bradley Company was a leading North American manufacturer of industrial automation equipment when the former Rockwell International Corporation (RIC) purchased it in 1985. 

The Company was incorporated in Delaware in connection with a tax-free reorganization completed on December 6, 1996, pursuant to which we divested our former aerospace and defense businesses (the A&D Business) to The Boeing Company (Boeing). In the reorganization, RIC contributed all of its businesses, other than the A&D Business, to the Company and distributed all capital stock of the Company to RIC’s shareowners. Boeing then acquired RIC. 

As used herein, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Rockwell Automation” or the “Company” include wholly-owned and controlled majority-owned subsidiaries and predecessors unless the context indicates otherwise. Information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to our continuing businesses unless otherwise indicated.

Whenever an Item of this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to information in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on 
February 2, 2021
, (the Proxy Statement), or to information under specific captions in Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 (MD&A), or in Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 (the Consolidated Financial Statements), the information is incorporated in that Item by reference. All date references to years and quarters refer to our fiscal year and quarters unless otherwise stated.

Operating Segments

During fiscal 2020, we had two operating segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. Both operating segments share a common sales organization and supply chain and conduct business globally. Major markets served by both segments consist of discrete end markets (e.g., Automotive, Semiconductor, and Warehousing & Logistics), hybrid end markets (e.g., Food & Beverage, and Life Sciences), and process end markets (e.g., Oil & Gas, Metals, and Chemicals). 

Starting in fiscal 2021, we have three operating segments: Intelligent Devices, Software & Control, and Lifecycle Services. The Intelligent Devices segment includes drives, motion, safety, sensing, industrial components, and configured-to-order products. The Software & Control segment includes control and visualization software and hardware, information software, and network and security infrastructure. The Lifecycle Services segment includes consulting, professional services and solutions, connected services, and maintenance services, as well as the Sensia joint venture.

Geographic Information

We do business in more than 
100
 countries around the world. The largest sales outside the United States on a country-of-destination basis are in China, Canada, Italy, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Australia. See Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our global operations. 

Competition

Our competitors range from large diversified corporations that may also have business interests outside of industrial automation to smaller companies that offer a limited portfolio of industrial automation products, solutions and services. Factors that influence our competitive position include the breadth of our product portfolio and scope of solutions, technology differentiation, domain expertise, installed base, distribution network, quality of hardware and software products, solutions and services, global presence and price. Major competitors include Siemens AG, ABB Ltd, Schneider Electric SA, Emerson Electric Co., Mitsubishi Electric Corp. and Honeywell International Inc.

Distribution

In most countries, we sell primarily through independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. In other countries, we sell through a combination of our direct sales force and to a lesser extent, through independent distributors. Approximately 
80 percent
 of our global sales are through independent distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in 
2020
, 
2019
 and 
2018
 were approximately 
10 percent
 of our total sales.

Employees

See Item 7. 
MD&A 
for information on our employees, including information related to attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified talent.

3

Table of Contents

Raw Materials

We purchase a wide range of equipment, components, finished products and materials used in our business. The raw materials essential to the manufacture of our products generally are available at competitive prices. We have a broad base of suppliers and subcontractors. We depend upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. See Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on third party suppliers.

Backlog

Our total order backlog consists of (in millions):

September 30,

2020

2019

Architecture & Software

$

283.2

$

174.7

Control Products & Solutions

1,273.9

1,194.7

$

1,557.1

$

1,369.4

Backlog is not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods due to the short-cycle nature of most of our sales activities. Backlog orders scheduled beyond 
2021
 were approximately 
$296 million
 as of 
September 30, 2020
. 

Environmental Protection Requirements

Information about the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and resolution of environmental claims is contained in Note 17 in the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with liabilities and costs related to environmental remediation.

Patents, Licenses and Trademarks

We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our hardware and software products, solutions and services. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important in the operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of them would materially affect our business or financial condition. We have received various claims of patent infringement and requests for patent indemnification. We believe that none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
 for a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property.

The Company’s name and its registered trademark “Rockwell Automation
®

” and other trademarks such as “Allen-Bradley
®

”, “A-B
®

”, “PlantPAx
®

 Process Automation System™”, and “The Connected Enterprise
®”

 are important to both of our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks that we use, such as “ControlLogix
®

” and “CompactLogix
®

” for our control systems, “PowerFlex
®

” for our AC drives, and “Rockwell Software
®

” and “FactoryTalk
®

” for our software offerings.

Seasonality

Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules.

Available Information

We maintain a website at 
https://www.rockwellautomation.com
. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as our annual reports to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are available free of charge on this site through the “Investors” link as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports with the SEC. All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC’s website at 
https://www.sec.gov
. Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board committees are also available on our website. The information contained on and linked from our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

4

Table of Contents



In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and financial risks. These risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process seeks to identify and address significant risks. Our ERM process assesses, manages, and monitors risks consistent with the integrated risk framework in the 
Enterprise Risk Management - Integrated Framework (2017)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of the pursuit of our strategy. Our goal is to manage risks prudently rather than avoid risks. We can mitigate risks and their impact on the Company only to a limited extent.

A team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of the ERM process and reviews significant identified risks. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage them. Our other Board committees also play a role in risk management, as set forth in their respective charters.

Our goal is to proactively manage risks using a structured approach in conjunction with strategic planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. However, the risks set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could adversely affect us and cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.

Industry and Economic Risks 

We face the potential harms of natural disasters, pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts or other disruptions to our operations, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.

Our business depends on the movement of people and goods around the world. Natural disasters, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, power outages, fires, explosions, equipment failures, sabotage, political instability and the actions taken by governments could cause damage to or disrupt our business operations, our suppliers or our customers, and could create economic instability. Disruptions to our IT infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at third party IT and other service providers, could also interfere with or disrupt our operations. Although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for our hardware and software products, solutions or services, increase our costs, or make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products, solutions or services.

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including in all of the regions in which we, our suppliers, distributors, business partners and customers do business and in which our workforce is located. The COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it, including those by governmental authorities, have had, and could continue to have, significant impacts on global markets. While the duration and severity of those impacts on our business are highly uncertain, they have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including, but not limited to, the following:

•

Our customers are, and continue to be, subject to significant risks and have had, and could continue to have, adverse impacts to their business operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which could lead to a decrease in their liquidity and/or industrial spending. This has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a decrease in demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services, as well as impact our customers’ ability to pay for such hardware and software products, solutions and services.

•

The COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it have significantly limited or prevented the movement of goods and services worldwide, which has resulted in and could continue to result in disruptions in our supply chain and our difficulty in procuring or inability to procure components and materials necessary for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it has increased and could continue to increase the costs of making and distributing our hardware and software products, solutions and services or result in delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, them to our customers.

5

Table of Contents

•

Our workforce may be unable or unwilling to work on-site or travel as a result of event cancellations, facility closures, shelter-in-place, travel and other restrictions and changes in industry practice, or if they, their co-workers or their family members become ill or otherwise require care arrangements. These workforce disruptions have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our ability to operate, including to develop, manufacture, generate sales of, promote, market and deliver our hardware and software products, solutions and services, and provide customer support.

•

Uncertainty over the duration and severity of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and effectiveness of efforts to manage it have caused significant volatility in the capital and other financial markets, which has adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, global liquidity and asset values (including the price of our stock and the securities of other companies we own, such as the common stock we own in PTC Inc., and the fair value of our pension plans’ investments). This uncertainty and volatility could adversely affect our ability to, or the cost at which we may, access the capital and other financial markets, including the commercial paper market, or otherwise obtain debt or equity financing, which could adversely affect our financial condition or ability to satisfy our contractual obligations and fund our other business operations or future investment opportunities.

The unprecedented and continuously evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic make the duration and severity of its impacts increasingly difficult to predict, which could limit our ability to respond to those impacts. Additionally, the impacts described above and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it could substantially increase the risk to us from the other risks described in this Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
.

Adverse changes in business or industry conditions and volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in decreases in our sales and profitability.

We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced, canceled or delayed orders, payment delays or defaults, supply chain disruptions or other adverse events as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers.

Demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the financial performance of major industries that we serve. As economic activity slows, credit markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns arise, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our products, solutions and services.

Oil & Gas is a major industry that we serve. Demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to industry volatility and risks including those related to commodity prices, supply and demand dynamics, productions costs, geological, and political activities. When adverse Oil & Gas industry events arise, companies may reduce their levels of spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services.

Our ability to access the credit markets and the costs of borrowing are affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. If our access to credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may be reduced.

The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) is the basis for determining the amount of our interest payments on borrowings under our $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, has announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. If LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain agreements that use LIBOR as a benchmark and we cannot predict what alternative index or other amendments may be negotiated with our counterparties. As a result, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. Additionally, uncertainty as to the nature of a potential discontinuance or modification of LIBOR, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially and adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. For additional information, see Financial Condition in MD&A
.

6

Table of Contents

Our industry is highly competitive.

We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. We compete based on breadth and scope of our hardware and software product portfolio and solution and service offerings, technology differentiation, the domain expertise of our employees and partners, product performance, quality of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, knowledge of integrated systems and applications that address our customers’ business challenges, pricing, delivery and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the geographic markets and product areas that we serve and across our market segments. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels across and within geographic markets by continually developing advanced technologies for new hardware and software products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our customers’ business problems. In addition, we continue to drive productivity to reduce our cost structure. If we fail to achieve our objectives, to keep pace with technological changes, or to provide high quality hardware and software products, solutions and services, we may lose business or experience price erosion and correspondingly lower sales and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.

Business and Operational Risks

We sell to customers around the world and are subject to the risks of doing business in many countries.

We do business in more than 
100
 countries around the world. Approximately 
46 percent
 of our sales in 
2020
 were to customers outside the U.S. In addition, our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located in many places around the world. The future success of our business depends in large part on growth in our sales in non-U.S. markets. Our global operations are subject to numerous financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability; prevalence of corruption in certain countries; enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; and compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including those related to exports, imports, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions, investments, taxation, product content and performance, employment and repatriation of earnings. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. The occurrence or consequences of these risks may make it more difficult to operate our business and may increase our costs, which could decrease our profitability and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

We rely on suppliers to provide equipment, components and services.

Our business requires that we buy equipment, components and services including finished products, electronic components and commodities. Our reliance on suppliers involves certain risks, including:

•

poor quality or an insecure supply chain, which could adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our hardware and software products, solutions and services;

•

changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, commodity market volatility or other factors that affect our suppliers;

•

embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions that may affect our ability to purchase from various suppliers;

•

intellectual property risks such as challenges to ownership of rights or alleged infringement by suppliers; and

•

shortages of components, commodities or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and ability to make timely delivery of our products, solutions and services.

Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete. We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. Unavailability of, or delivery delays for, single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related products in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where substitute sources of supply are available, qualifying alternative suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or result in delays and a loss of sales.

7

Table of Contents

Failures or security breaches of our products, connected services, manufacturing environment, supply chain, or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business.

We rely heavily on information technology (IT) in our hardware and software products, solutions and services for customers, manufacturing environment, and in our enterprise infrastructure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our IT systems are vulnerable to unauthorized access by nation states, hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders, and other actors who may engage in fraud, theft of confidential or proprietary information, or sabotage. Our systems could be compromised by malware (including ransomware), cyber attacks, and other events, ranging from widespread, non-targeted, global cyber threats to targeted advanced persistent threats. Given that our hardware and software products, solutions and services are used in critical infrastructure, these threats could indicate increased risk for our products, services, solutions, manufacturing, and IT infrastructure. Past global cyber attacks have also been perpetuated by compromising software updates in widely-used software products, increasing the risk that vulnerabilities or malicious content could be inserted into our products. In some cases, malware attacks were spread throughout the supply chain, moving from one company to the next via authorized network connections. 

Our hardware and software products, solutions, and services are used by our direct and indirect customers in applications that may be subject to information theft, tampering, or sabotage. Careless or malicious actors could cause a customer’s process to be disrupted or could cause equipment to operate in an improper manner that could result in harm to people or property. While we continue to improve the security attributes of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, we can reduce risk, not eliminate it. To a significant extent, the security of our customers’ systems depends on how those systems are designed, installed, protected, configured, updated and monitored, and much of this is typically outside our control. In addition, the software supply chain introduces security vulnerabilities into many products across the industry.

Our business uses IT resources on a dispersed, global basis for a wide variety of functions including development, engineering, manufacturing, sales, accounting, and human resources. Our vendors, partners, employees and customers have access to, and share, information across multiple locations via various digital technologies.  In addition, we rely on partners and vendors, including cloud providers, for a wide range of outsourced activities as part of our internal IT infrastructure and our commercial offerings. Secure connectivity is important to these ongoing operations. Also, our partners and vendors frequently have access to our confidential information as well as confidential information about our customers, employees, and others. We design our security architecture to reduce the risk that a compromise of our partners’ infrastructure, for example a cloud platform, could lead to a compromise of our internal systems or customer networks, but this risk cannot be eliminated and vulnerabilities at third parties could result in unknown risk exposure to our business.

The current cyber threat environment indicates increased risk for all companies, including those in industrial automation and information. Like other global companies, we have experienced cyber threats and incidents, although none have been material or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Our information security efforts, under the leadership of our Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Product Security Officer, with the support of the entire management team, include major programs designed to address security governance and risk, product security, identification and protection of critical assets, insider risk, third-party risk, security awareness, and cyber defense operations. We believe these measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident. Any significant security incidents could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns.

An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products.

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer hardware and software products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new hardware and software products requires high levels of innovation, and the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences and emerging technological and broader industry trends, demand for our products could decline.

There are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses.

Risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully delivering projects that meet a particular customer specification, including defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects, and managing the performance and quality of our subcontractors and suppliers. If we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur cost overruns, liabilities and other losses that would adversely affect

our results of operations.

8

Table of Contents

We rely on our distribution channel for a substantial portion of our sales.

In North America, a large percentage of our sales are through distributors. In certain other countries, the majority of our sales are also through a limited number of distributors. We depend on the capabilities and competencies of our distributors to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services and deliver value to our customers. Disruptions to our existing distribution channel or the failure of distributors to maintain and develop the appropriate capabilities to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services could adversely affect our sales. A disruption could result from the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability of a distributor or other events.

Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our customers.

Others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We frequently provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third parties. Indemnification payments and legal expenses to defend claims could be costly.

In addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. The inability to enforce our intellectual property rights may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be significant.

Our business success depends on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified personnel.

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key employees, and the effective implementation of processes and technology to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. Difficulty attracting, developing, and retaining members of our management team and key employees with the necessary expertise, including by offering attractive compensation, benefits, and development opportunities, could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency, and to mitigate failure risks from older technologies currently in use. Failure to identify and successfully implement new processes and technologies could add costs and complications to ongoing operations and negatively impact employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. 

Increasing employee benefit costs could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition.

One important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is continuing to offer competitive employee retirement and health care benefits. The expenses we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans depend on factors such as changes in market interest rates, the value of plan assets, mortality assumptions and healthcare trend rates. Significant unfavorable changes in these factors would increase our expenses. Expenses related to employer-funded healthcare benefits depend on laws and regulations, which could change, as well as healthcare cost inflation. An inability to control costs related to employee and retiree benefits could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.

9

Table of Contents

Strategic Transactions and Investments Risks

Failure to identify, manage, complete, and integrate strategic transactions may adversely affect our business or we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions. 

As part of our strategy, we may pursue strategic transactions, including acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, other business opportunities and purchases of technology from third parties. In order to be successful, we must identify attractive transaction opportunities, effectively complete the transaction, and manage post-closing matters, such as integration of the acquired business or technology (including related personnel) and cooperation with our joint venture and other strategic partners. We may not be able to identify or complete beneficial transaction opportunities given the intense competition for them. Even if we successfully identify and complete such transactions, we may not achieve the expected benefits of such transactions and we may not be able to successfully address risks and uncertainties inherent in such transactions, including:

•

difficulties in integrating the purchased or new operations, technologies, products or services, retaining customers and achieving the expected benefits of the transaction, such as sales increases, access to technologies, cost savings and increases in geographic or product presence, in the desired time frames; 

•

loss of key employees or difficulties integrating personnel; 

•

legal and compliance issues; 

•

difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, financial systems, internal and other controls, procedures, policies and information systems;

•

difficulties maintaining relationships with our joint venture and other strategic partners (including as a result of such joint venture and other strategic partners having differing business objectives) and managing disputes with such joint venture and other strategic partners that may arise in connection with our relationships with them; and 

•

diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns.

Future strategic transactions and technology investments could result in debt, dilution, liabilities, increased interest expense, restructuring charges, and impairment and amortization expenses related to intangible assets.

We own common stock in PTC Inc. and are exposed to the volatility, liquidity and other risks inherent in holding that stock.

We own common stock of PTC Inc. (PTC), a Nasdaq-listed company, that we acquired for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion. We present this investment on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at its fair value at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of our shares of PTC common stock (PTC Shares) is subject to fluctuation in the future due to the volatility of the stock market, changes in general economic conditions, and the performance of PTC. We recognize all changes in the fair value of the PTC Shares (whether realized or unrealized) as gains or losses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the PTC Shares can materially impact the earnings we report, which introduces volatility in our earnings that is not associated with the results of our business operations. In particular, significant declines in the fair value of the PTC Shares would produce significant declines in our reported earnings.

While there is an established trading market for shares of PTC common stock, there are limitations on our ability to dispose of some or all of the PTC Shares should we wish to reduce our investment. Until July 19, 2021, we are subject to contractual restrictions on our ability to transfer the PTC Shares, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we are subject to certain restrictions on our ability to transfer the PTC Shares under the securities laws. Further, the reported value of the PTC Shares does not necessarily reflect their lowest current market price. If we were forced to sell some or all of the PTC Shares in the market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell them at prices equivalent to the value of the PTC Shares that we have reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices.

Finally, our equity position in PTC is a minority position which exposes us to further risk as we are not able to exert control over PTC.

10

Table of Contents

Legal, Tax and Regulatory Risks

New legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business.

Legislative and regulatory action, including those related to corporate income taxes, may be taken in the various countries and other jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in those countries and other jurisdictions or may otherwise increase our costs to do business. For example, we are increasingly required to comply with various environmental and other material, product, certification and labeling laws and regulations. Our customers may also be required to comply with such legislative and regulatory requirements. These requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse effect on our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. Changes in these requirements could impact demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. Compliance with state, federal and foreign privacy regulations, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), could increase our operating costs as part of our efforts to protect and safeguard our sensitive data and personal information. Failure to maintain information privacy could result in legal liability or reputational harm.

Claims from taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on our income tax expense and financial condition.

We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret and comply with the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the ambiguity of tax laws among those jurisdictions as well as the uncertainty of how underlying facts may be construed, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. We must successfully defend any claims from taxing authorities to avoid an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental remediation) could reduce our profitability.

Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to the safety and security of the hardware and software products, solutions and services we sell, employment, contract matters, and environmental remediation.

We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. Our products may also be used in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance proceeds make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits.

Our operations are subject to various environmental regulations concerning human health, the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground, and water, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. Our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and properties owned by unrelated companies or individuals, as well as properties that we currently own and use, regardless of whether the contamination is attributable to prior owners. We have been named as a potentially responsible party at cleanup sites and may be so named in the future, and the costs associated with these current and future sites may be significant.

We have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. In connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. In some instances, the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible for satisfying those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so.

11

Table of Contents