associated with our business are discussed in Item 1.A. "Risk Factors."

Our Strategic Objectives

We regularly assess the business environment, as well as our own strengths and opportunities, and have aligned around key strategic objectives that will help us drive continued success for Rollins. 

People First

We promote a people first mindset that prioritizes the well-being and development of the teammate, as well as our collective team, in all aspects of our business. To provide our customers with the best customer experience, we must focus on cultivating our position as the employer of choice in our industry. This means not only investing in competitive wages 

3

Table of 
Contents

and benefits, but also providing tools, training and development opportunities that drive a high level of teammate engagement.

Customer Loyalty

We focus on creating the best customer experience that will enable a loyal customer base and in turn reduce the amount of churn across our customer base. This starts with our people and the interactions they have with our customers. By focusing on this key objective, we expect it to enable growth that will outpace our market growth. 

Growth Mindset

A growth mindset helps us consider ways to improve and best position our business. Our focus here is to identify changes that may present both risks and opportunities to our business. We focus on evaluating changes in the markets we compete in but also across other industries to continue to identify changing dynamics that may impact our people and our customers and that may impact our position in the markets we compete.

Operational Efficiency

As a complement to our growth mindset, our dedication to continuous improvement and operational efficiency is another key tenet of our strategy and culture. We approach our operations from the perspective that everything we do can be improved upon. We are constantly striving to improve our service levels by optimizing our business model and modernizing our business.

We believe that our alignment around the key strategic areas will enable us to grow faster than our market, position our business for the future, and deliver value for all stakeholders, including our customers, our teammates, our communities and our shareholders. 

Our Competitive Strengths

Rollins is a leader in the global pest control market. We have established a portfolio of premier brands with extensive service capabilities across a deep operating network with a focus on our core pest control market. Our scale enables delivery of great customer service and provides a significant and reinforcing competitive advantage through (i) comprehensive capabilities to win new residential and commercial accounts, (ii) technology investments for operations optimization and enhanced customer experience, (iii) a diverse portfolio of brands of varying sizes of which to innovate, test, learn, and grow or expand, particularly when it comes to emerging technology, (iv) route density to manage variable costs, and (v) financial flexibility to generate organic growth and pursue acquisitions.

Robust Operating Platform with Proprietary Technology

Our extensive footprint creates an efficient and scalable operating platform to facilitate exceptional customer service delivery, increased cross-selling opportunities, and cost efficiencies. We have strategically invested in proprietary routing and scheduling technologies to increase our competitive advantage, which includes real-time service tracking and customer internet communication to personalize the customer experience. The majority of our business runs on our proprietary Branch Operating Support System (“BOSS”), which offers a back-end interface to facilitate service tracking and payment processing for technicians. BOSS also provides virtual route management tools to increase route efficiency across our network, reducing miles driven and associated costs while increasing customer retention through on-time and rapid response service. We have made investments to evolve and modernize BOSS capabilities to standardize for efficiency, while continuing to deliver differentiating and exceptional customer and employee experiences. Additionally, InSite, a proprietary web reporting capability unique to our commercial customers, provides a competitive advantage and supports the growth of our commercial division.

Differentiated Employee Base and Service Delivery

Our teammates are critical to delivering an outstanding customer experience, and we are highly focused on providing our team with best-in-class training and development opportunities. We operate the 27,000 square foot Rollins Learning Center training facility located in Atlanta, GA, which is a distance-learning and global broadcast facility with simulated environments and classrooms for training. In addition to in-person training, the Rollins Learning Center offers on-demand training sessions that teammates can access from anywhere in the world that are produced at our on-site, state-of-the-art 

4

Table of 
Contents

broadcast studio. Our unique programs contribute to our position as an employer of choice and have earned us recognition from Training magazine among the Top 125 U.S. Training Companies 17 times in the past 23 years. We continuously monitor co-worker engagement and customer loyalty.

Experienced Management Team

Our management team combines extensive business and consumer services experience with robust local pest control leadership. Consistent with our culture of attracting, developing and progressing talented individuals, our senior leadership team consists of a combination of long-term internal leaders and strategic hires from well-respected external platforms. 

Our Executive Chairman Emeritus, Gary Rollins, is the son of Rollins, Inc. co-founder O. Wayne Rollins and has spent his entire career with the Company, serving as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) from 2001 to 2022 and Executive Chairman from 2020 to 2025. 

John Wilson, having served in various roles of increasing responsibility at the Company for over 28 years, currently serves as Executive Chairman of the Company effective January 1, 2025. 

Jerry Gahlhoff, Jr. currently serves as President and CEO. Mr. Gahlhoff joined the Company as part of the HomeTeam acquisition in 2008. Mr. Gahlhoff has extensive knowledge of the Company’s business and industry, having served in various roles of increasing responsibility at HomeTeam and the Company, collectively, for over 24 years. He is also a trained Entomologist. 

Additional members of our Executive Leadership Team include:

•
Kenneth Krause has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2022. Mr. Krause brings over 10 years of public company Chief Financial Officer experience and over 25 years of global finance and strategy experience. 

•
Elizabeth Chandler joined the Company in 2013 and currently serves as our Chief Legal Officer. Ms. Chandler brings over 37 years of legal experience. 

•
Pat Chrzanowski, President of Orkin USA, joined the Company in 2007 and has over 23 years of pest control experience. 

•
Stanford Phillips, President of Rollins Brands, joined the Company in 2017 and has over 24 years of pest control experience. 

•
Thomas Tesh joined the Company in 2012 and currently serves as Executive Vice President of Home Office Operations and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Tesh brings over 26 years of pest control experience. 

•
Renee Pearson joined the Company in 2023 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Ms. Pearson brings over 27 years of information technology experience. 

•
Clay Scherer joined the Company in 2024 and currently serves as Senior Vice President, Operational Support Group. Mr. Scherer brings over 31 years of global pest markets experience. 

•
Jamie Benton joined the Company in 2014 and currently serves as Senior Vice President, Human Resources. Mr. Benton brings 23 years of Human Resources experience.

International Business

We continue to expand our international presence through organic growth, acquisitions, and our international franchise programs. In 2025, we saw revenue growth in our company-owned operations in Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Singapore. We believe geographic diversity allows us to increase brand recognition, meet demands of global customers, and draw on business and technical expertise from teams in several countries, and offers us an opportunity to access new markets.

5

Table of 
Contents

Franchising Programs

We have franchise programs through Orkin, Critter Control, MissQuito, and our Australian subsidiaries. We had a total of 131 domestic franchise agreements as of December 31, 2025. International franchise agreements totaled 66 as of December 31, 2025. Transactions with our franchises involve sales of territories and customer contracts to establish new franchises and the payment of initial franchise fees and royalties by franchisees. The territories, customer contracts and initial franchise fees are typically paid for by a combination of cash and notes. 

Acquisition Strategy

We have extensive experience acquiring companies of all sizes. Over the last three years, we have completed 94 acquisitions, including 26 acquisitions in 2025. Our acquisition strategy targets high quality, profitable businesses with strong leadership, a healthy level of brand awareness, and customer loyalty in the markets they serve that would benefit from incremental growth capital and have the potential to achieve organic growth and margin expansion.

Seasonality 

Our business is affected by weather conditions, including climate change and the seasonal nature of our pest and termite control services. The increase in pest presence and activity, as well as the metamorphosis of termites in the spring and summer (the occurrence of which is determined by the timing of the change in seasons), has historically resulted in an increase in the revenue of our pest and termite control operations during such periods as evidenced by the following table.

Consolidated Net Revenues

(in thousands)

2025

2024

2023

First Quarter

$

822,504

$

748,349 

$

658,015 

Second Quarter

999,527

891,920 

820,750 

Third Quarter

1,026,106

916,270 

840,427 

Fourth Quarter

912,913

832,169 

754,086 

Year to date

$

3,761,050

$

3,388,708 

$

3,073,278 

Our quarterly profitability correlates with our revenue due to seasonality, as profit is lower in the first and fourth quarters and higher in the second and third quarters.

Materials and Supplies

Our Company has relationships with a vast network of national pest control product distributors, manufacturers and other suppliers for pest and termite treatment products. We maintain a sufficient level of products, materials, and other supplies to fulfill our immediate servicing needs and to mitigate any potential short-term shortage in availability from our national network of suppliers. We also have qualified comparable products and materials for key categories to have alternatives ready as needed. However, at any time supply chain disruptions that are more than short-term in nature could impact our levels of products, materials and other supplies. We proactively work with our supplier base and in each of the last two years we hosted a partner summit, with over 30 of our top strategic partners in attendance at our corporate headquarters, to enhance collaboration and strategic relationships.

Competition

We operate in a highly competitive environment with fragmented markets and low barriers to entry. The principal factors of competition in our pest and termite control markets are quality and speed of service, customer proximity, customer satisfaction, brand awareness and reputation, terms of guarantees, safety, technical proficiency and price. Due to our strong direct partnerships with product manufacturers, distributors, and visibility into the inventories, ordering and distribution of materials and supplies, we are able to foresee potential supply disruptions and to quickly adapt. The use of an innovative and industry changing distribution model and technology enables us to maintain adequate supplies for our field operations without a significant investment in warehousing and inventory
.

6

Table of 
Contents

We believe that, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, we compete effectively and favorably with our competitors as one of the world’s largest pest and termite control companies. Our major competitors include Rentokil, Ecolab, Anticimex, and numerous other regional and local companies.

Research and Development

Our expenditures on research activities relating to the development of new products or services are not significant. We utilize the relationships with our manufacturers and materials suppliers to provide new and innovative products and services, coupled with in-depth reviews by our tenured Entomology Department to confirm they meet our strict requirements. We also conduct evaluations of new products with the specific manufacturers of such products and we rely on research performed by leading universities. 

We maintain close relationships with several universities for research and validation of treatment procedures and material selection. Some of the new and improved service methods and products are also researched, developed and produced by unaffiliated universities and companies with a portion of these methods and products being produced to the specifications provided by us.

Human Capital

We believe one of the largest contributors to our Company’s success is the quality of our teammates. Attracting, developing and retaining high-quality talent is the primary objective of our human capital management strategy. The development and retention of high-quality talent enables a better customer experience and improved customer retention. We develop and engage our teammates through our training at all levels of our organization.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 21,946 employees. Approximately 19,700 of our employees were located in the United States, with approximately 17,560 employees at U.S. branch offices. Of the U.S. employees, less than 2% are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

At December 31, 

2025

2024

2023

Employees

21,946

20,265

19,031

Culture and Values

While each of our brands may possess their own unique cultures, all of them share one important commonality: the most important people in their businesses are their teammates and their customers. In an effort to leverage this common foundation across our brands to drive deeper unity and connection for our family of brands to Rollins, we developed what we call "The Rollins Way," which we believe is the recipe for continued, sustainable growth and long, profitable relationships with our customers and teammates. "The Rollins Way" is articulated in just six words and three two-word couplets: 1) Heroic Impact; 2) Essential Together; and 3) Be Remarkable.

Our teammates have the opportunity to make a Heroic Impact on our customers and feel pride in what they do. We expect every leader to have a Heroic Impact on their people and their teams. This means embracing the concept of servant leadership by demonstrating leadership in action. 

The work we do is essential to the health, safety and well-being of the customers we serve. Our work is different, but interdependent and equally critical to our success of the whole because we are Essential Together. While we each have an opportunity to make a Heroic Impact in our respective roles, we must be aligned as a team for our customers. Our collective success relies on all of us being individually committed to delivering an exceptional customer experience. 

We expect our teammates and our leaders to Be Remarkable. We believe this is a key ingredient to building lasting and memorable relationships throughout our business. We expect our leaders to be keenly aware of and connected to their teammates. Being remarkable for them makes it more likely that they will be remarkable for their customers. 

Leadership Development

We are making a significant investment in our leaders to support the growth of our Company and establish consistent leadership behaviors across the enterprise. Our talent and development team has designed a program called The Co-Lab—a three-and-a-half-day experience for people managers across Rollins. Leaders meet in cross-brand groups for best practice 

7

Table of 
Contents

sharing and networking. Servant leadership is the foundation of these sessions where leaders develop skills to help them develop themselves, their people and ultimately our business. Following the sessions leaders participate in three months of guided practice, peer coaching and continuous learning. Since The Co-Lab was established in 2025, approximately 300 leaders have completed the program.

We have also established an enterprise talent review process to support our strategic growth strategy and to identify the key talent with the potential to lead at the next level. The development for those leaders includes the Region Manager Development Program ("RMDP"). The RMDP is a comprehensive leadership development program for mid-level leaders across the organization who lead multiple business units or departments and those preparing to lead at that level. The 12-month program offers a blended learning approach that includes facilitator-led training, executive and peer mentoring, immersive field learning experiences, 360-degree assessments, a six-month executive coaching engagement, and supported individualized development plans. Since the program was established in 2018, we have graduated a total of 143 senior leaders in seven different RMDP classes with continued successes.

Through these efforts, we are creating a marketplace of cross-brand and cross-functional talent where teammates can transfer between brands and divisions, and between our home office and field operations. This provides career opportunities for our teammates, keeping our talent within Rollins, and will fuel the Company’s growth with a pipeline of future-ready leaders.

Workplace Inclusion

We make it a priority to promote and create an inclusive workplace that results in higher levels of satisfaction and engagement, stronger teammate retention, higher productivity, and a heightened sense of belonging. Our mission is to foster a culture where all teammates feel respected, are treated fairly, and have the opportunity to excel.

Our Workplace Inclusion ("WPI") mission to build an inclusive workplace has continued under the guidance of our Executive Sponsor and Inclusion Advisory Council which is made up of teammates from Rollins brands across the United States. As part of our WPI mission, we implemented the WPI Strategic Plan (the “Plan”). The Plan includes 5 Strategic Focus Areas to be implemented across all brands. The 5 Strategic Focus areas are Training & Education, Talent Acquisition & Career Development, Policies & Programs, Communication, and Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"). 

Our ERGs, led by Rollins teammates, are inclusive to all and represent our teammate population. Each ERG provides a platform for teammates to connect, collaborate, and advocate for their shared interests and experiences. These groups promote inclusivity, provide networking opportunities, and contribute to a sense of belonging among teammates. We have established six ERGs:

•
R-Collective: Strives to improve company culture and teammate engagement and retention through multigenerational networking.

•
Women+ Resource Community: Provides a resource for women+ at any career level to achieve their goals and celebrate their accomplishments resulting in an enhanced work experience at Rollins.

•
Women's Impact Network (WIN): Increases communication between the women of Orkin by providing opportunities for professional development, mentoring, and networking.

•
PRIDE: Provides a network that supports the professional development of LGBTQ+ teammates and allies, promotes recruitment and retention, and builds community.

•
P.E.A.C.E.: Promoting Equality, Acceptance and Cultural Empowerment through networking, team building, and allyship to foster an inclusive and respectful environment that celebrates the diverse cultures represented within the workforce.

•
Mission First: Provides a network that supports U.S. veterans and their families by helping employees translate military experience to civilian roles.

Workplace Inclusion will continue to partner across brands, divisions, and teams to ensure inclusion is not a program but a fundamental part of how we work and lead.

8

Table of 
Contents

Health and Safety

We are committed to the health and safety of our teammates, customers and communities where we work, live and play. Rollins undertakes a variety of efforts to support the health and well-being of our teammates, including their physical and mental health. This includes investing in competitive compensation and benefits while also providing the culture, tools, training and development opportunities to make working at Rollins an enjoyable and rewarding experience. Our benefit offerings include our Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), 401(k) match, personal finance education and advisory services, assistance programs to help with managing personal and work-life challenges, family support programs, and educational assistance.

We have continued our partnership with Marathon Health to provide an on-site medical clinic at our Rollins Support Center in Atlanta. The clinic provides no-cost primary care, including physical and mental health, to Rollins teammates who participate in one of our medical plans in the state of Georgia. Marathon Health also provides these services either virtually or through the existing nationwide network of Marathon Health clinics for all our teammates participating in one of our insurance plans in the U.S. This is an enhanced medical benefit, provided at no cost to teammates.

We empower our teammates to be leaders in safety by continuously evaluating and improving our performance, implementing best practices, monitoring regulatory changes, and fostering a culture of safety excellence in everything we do.

To ensure accountability, we set measurable safety goals and have enhanced our tracking systems to provide timely, user-friendly insights for field leaders. In 2025, we maintained a strong focus on improving driver safety scores. Thanks to the engagement of our field leaders and front-line teammates, we achieved measurable improvements in these scores.

Our commitment extends to comprehensive training programs, including annual recurrent safety training and targeted onboarding for new teammates, emphasizing both driver safety and general workplace safety.

The Rollins Safety Team collaborates closely with our brand teams to share best practices and lessons learned to reduce motor vehicle collision and injury-related risks. This ongoing process requires commitment, communication, and collaboration at every level of the organization. Our structure is designed to ensure effectiveness and alignment with the Company’s goals and objectives.

Community Involvement

We are a family of brands that has always upheld service – to our teammates, customers, and communities – as a cornerstone. While each of our diverse brands has their own culture of service, we are firmly united in our commitment to engaging with our local communities.

We offer teammates the opportunity to participate in various community outreach programs. Our brands work closely with their local communities to create an impact through outreach, volunteerism, and donations. Our overarching goal is to create a significant impact in local communities over an extended period of time. We believe everyone deserves a safe place to live, work, and play.

Since 1982, we have partnered with the United Way of Greater Atlanta through employee and company-matching funds, helping make Rollins a community leader for many years. We have a history of being a top corporate contributor and in 2025, we ranked 7th in the top 25 corporate contributors, as well as 4th in corporate contributors to United Way's Child Well-Being Mission Fund for 2025. 

Along with personal contributions from teammates, the Company hosts rallies, golf tournaments, contests, and silent auctions to raise funds for the United Way of Greater Atlanta, as well as other local organizations it supports. Rollins has contributed approximately $1 million annually for each of the past five years in support of local community outreach.

Our Orkin brand demonstrates its culture of service through its OrkinServes program, which is designed to help take care of communities through employee volunteer opportunities. In 2022, OrkinServes introduced five new Division Advocates to serve as a voice for volunteering within their divisions across the United States and Canada. Similarly, our Northwest Exterminating brand developed the Northwest Good Deed Team ("GDT") in 2011 with the focus of being active and involved in the communities where they serve. Led by two full-time teammates, the GDT works with local organizations across six states and is supported by our team across Northwest. 

9

Table of 
Contents

Regulatory Considerations

Our business is subject to various local and national legislative and regulatory enactments including, but not limited to, environmental laws, antitrust laws, employment and benefit laws (including wage and hour laws, payroll taxes, anti-discrimination laws, pension laws and regulations, requirements related to enforcement of restrictive covenants, and ERISA), immigration laws, motor vehicle laws and regulations, human health and safety laws, consumer protection laws, securities laws including, but not limited to, SEC regulations, and federal, state and local laws and regulations governing worker safety and the pest and termite control industry. If we were to fail to comply with any of these applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to substantial fines or damages, be involved in lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities, suffer losses to our reputation and our business or suffer the loss of licenses or penalties that may affect how the business is operated. 

Consumer Protection, Privacy and Solicitation Matters

We are subject to international, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations designed to protect consumers generally, including laws governing lending, debt collection and consumer finance; consumer privacy and fraud; collection and use of consumer data; laws governing billing practices and contract renewals; telemarketing; door-to-door marketing; and other forms of solicitation. Specifically, rules adopted by the Federal Communications Commission and Federal Trade Commission, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule, along with state laws and other legal authorities, govern our telephone and texting sales practices. The CAN-SPAM Act regulates our email solicitations, and the Consumer Review Fairness Act regulates consumer opinions on social media regarding our products and services. The California Consumer Privacy Act, including amendments under the California Privacy Rights Act, and laws in other states provide consumers and sometimes employees the right to know what personal data businesses collect, how the data is used, and give them the right to access, delete and opt out of the sale of their personal information to third parties. We are subject to some of these states’ laws depending on the number of customers or amount of revenue in the specific state. Similarly, we are bound by foreign laws and regulations governing data protection in the United Kingdom (UK General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018; Canada (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act); Australia (Privacy Act and its Australian Privacy Principles); and Singapore (Personal Data Protection Act and Spam Control Act), when applicable.

Environmental, Health and Safety Matters

Specifically, our businesses are subject to various international, federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding environmental, health and safety matters. Among other things, these laws regulate the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, govern the use, storage, treatment, disposal, transportation and management of hazardous substances and wastes and protect the public and the health and safety of our employees. In addition, the use of certain pesticide products is also regulated by various federal, state, provincial and local environmental and public health agencies. These laws also impose liability for the costs of investigating and remediating, and damages resulting from, present and past releases of hazardous substances, including releases by prior owners or operators of sites we currently own or operate. Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws increases our operating costs, limits or restricts the services we provide and subjects us to the possibility of regulatory or private actions or proceedings. Penalties for noncompliance with these laws may include criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including, but not limited to, cancellation of licenses, fines, and other corrective actions. Noncompliance with, changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new laws and regulations governing hazardous waste disposal and other environmental matters, could result in operational changes and increased costs.

Franchise Matters

Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to various international, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations governing franchise sales, marketing and licensing and franchise trade practices generally, including applicable rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission. These laws and regulations generally require disclosure of business information in connection with the sale and licensing of our franchises. Certain state regulations also affect our ability as a franchisor to revoke or refuse to renew a franchise. From time to time, we and one or more franchisees have been, and may in the future become, involved in a dispute regarding the franchise relationship, including payment of royalties or fees, location of branches, advertising, purchase of products by franchisees, non-competition covenants, compliance with our standards or franchise renewal criteria.

10

Table of 
Contents

Employment Laws

We are subject to a myriad of complex laws and regulations in the various federal, state, provincial, regional, and local governments in the countries in which we operate related to employees, including, but not limited to wage and hour laws, anti-discrimination laws, immigration, pension benefit plans, requirements related to enforcement of restrictive covenants, ERISA laws, and retirement benefits. Any failure to comply with such applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, enforcement actions, class actions or legal proceedings.

Intellectual Property

We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including a patent, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. Our worldwide intellectual property portfolio is strengthened through innovation and brand recognition, and a comprehensive approach for protection and enforcement. 

We protect and promote our intellectual property portfolio and take those actions we deem appropriate to enforce our intellectual property rights and to defend our rights both domestically and internationally. Although in the aggregate, our global portfolio of more than 450 trademarks is a valuable asset that is important to our operations, we believe that our competitive advantage is also largely attributable to the technical, marketing, and sales competence and capabilities of our teammates, rather than on any individual trademark; however, the loss of the Orkin trademark could be material to our business as a whole.

Available Information

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, are available free of charge on our website at www.rollins.com, under the heading “SEC Filings,” as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).



An investment in our common stock involves certain risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are cautioned that the risk factors discussed below are not exhaustive. 

Risks Related to our Business, Brand, Industry and Operations

We face risks regarding our ability to compete in the pest control industry in the future.

We operate in a highly competitive industry with fragmented markets and low barriers to entry. Our revenues and earnings are affected by changes in competitors’ services, markets, and prices and general economic issues. We compete with other large pest control companies, as well as numerous smaller pest control companies and do-it-yourself options, for a finite number of customers. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that we serve are quality and speed of service, customer proximity, customer satisfaction, brand awareness and reputation, terms of guarantees, technical proficiency and price. Although we believe that our customer experience and quality service are excellent, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain our competitive position in the future.

We may not be able to identify, complete or successfully onboard acquisitions or guarantee that any acquisitions will achieve the anticipated financial benefits.

Acquisitions have been and may continue to be an important element of our business strategy. We may not be able to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition targets on terms favorable to us in the future, as investors increase in our industry. Also, we cannot assure investors that we will receive necessary regulatory approvals, or that any acquisitions will achieve the anticipated financial benefits. Our inability to achieve the anticipated financial benefits from any acquisition 

11

Table of 
Contents

transactions may not be realized due to any number of factors, including, but not limited to, unsuccessful onboarding efforts, unexpected or underestimated liabilities or increased costs, fees, expenses and charges related to such transactions. Such adverse events could result in a decrease in the estimated fair value of goodwill or other intangible assets established as a result of such transactions, triggering an impairment as well as a negative impact on inorganic and/or organic growth.

In addition, acquired businesses may operate on legacy or incompatible information technology systems, maintain data security, privacy or compliance practices that differ from ours, or have undisclosed or underestimated cybersecurity, data protection, employment, regulatory or operational liabilities. Difficulties integrating acquired companies’ systems, processes, personnel, data or controls, including cybersecurity and privacy controls, could increase costs, disrupt operations, delay realization of anticipated synergies, or expose us to additional risks.

Our business depends on our strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands and develop a positive client reputation and experience could hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of customers.

Our strong brands, such as Orkin, HomeTeam Pest Defense, Clark Pest Control, Northwest Exterminating, Fox Pest Control, Saela Pest Control, Trutech, Western Pest Services, The Industrial Fumigant Company (IFC), Waltham Services, Okolona Pest Control (OPC), and Critter Control, have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brands increases our ability to enter new markets and launch new and innovative services that better serve the needs of our customers. Our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, product/technical failures, and customer experience. We continue to develop strategies and innovative tools to gain a deeper understanding of customer acquisition and retention in order to more effectively expand and retain our customer base. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our brands’ ability to remain service leaders and continue to provide high-quality pest control services that are truly beneficial and play a meaningful role in people’s lives.

Labor shortages, our ability to attract and retain skilled workers, and increased labor costs may impair growth potential and profitability.

Our ability to remain productive and profitable will depend substantially on our ability to compete with other pest control and service companies to attract, adequately train, and retain skilled workers. Our ability to expand our operations is in part impacted by our ability to increase our labor force. The demand for skilled employees is high, and the supply is limited. Ongoing labor shortages could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate at full capacity or lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees. A significant increase in the wages paid and benefits offered by competing employers could also result in a reduction in our labor force, increases in our labor costs, or both. Prolonged labor shortages, increased turnover or labor inflation could diminish our profitability and impair our growth potential.

In addition, decisions and rules by the National Labor Relations Board, including “expedited elections” and restrictions on appeals, has and could continue to lead to increased organizing activities at our brands. If these labor organizing activities are successful, it could further increase labor costs, decrease operating efficiency and productivity in the future, or otherwise disrupt or negatively impact our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.

We may experience difficulties integrating, streamlining and optimizing our information technology (“IT”) systems and processes.

We have invested in, and expect to continue to invest in, new systems and technology to implement new or improve existing business capabilities and streamline business processes, financial reporting, and acquisition integration. Many of these efforts impact customers, suppliers, employees, and others, and any disruption or failure could adversely affect our business and operations. We may experience significant delays, increased costs, and other difficulties, which could adversely affect our ability to process work orders, send invoices, track, and collect payments, fulfill contractual obligations, or otherwise operate our business in compliance with laws. In addition, our efforts to centralize various business processes within our organization in connection with the implementations may disrupt operations. We may also experience difficulties, costs or delays in migrating acquired businesses to our systems, processes, and technologies.

Our increasing reliance on cloud-based platforms, third-party software providers, managed service providers, and emerging technologies, increases the complexity of our IT environment and may expose us to additional risks. Failures, interruptions, 

12

Table of 
Contents

security incidents, or performance issues involving third-party systems or technologies on which we rely could disrupt operations, impair customer service, delay billing or collections, or result in increased costs and reputational harm.

Our increasing reliance on artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in our services and operations, and corresponding reliance by our competitors, present several risks that could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies and our business operations, our services, and other operational and administrative processes. While we believe these technologies enhance efficiency and service quality, their use presents risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving, and may subject us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, operational and other risks.

We are committed to developing and using AI responsibly and to maintain our competitive position, but there can be no guarantee that we will successfully mitigate all associated risks. Any failure in our AI initiatives could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to evolving payment card network rules, including PCI DSS, and security risks associated with payment processing systems.

We accept credit and debit card payments across multiple channels. As a result, we are subject to payment card network rules and operating regulations, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”), which is a set of comprehensive security requirements designed to protect payment card account data during the storage, processing, and transmission of such data.

We rely on third-party payment processors, cloud service providers, telecommunications carriers, and other vendors in connection with payment card processing and related systems. If we, or any of our third-party service providers, fail to maintain PCI DSS compliance, experience a security breach, or are otherwise found to have compromised payment card data, we could be subject to fines, penalties, higher transaction fees, remediation costs, litigation, reputational harm, and potential indemnification obligations. In extreme circumstances, we could lose our ability to accept credit or debit card payments, whether temporarily or permanently, which would adversely affect our operations and customer relationships.

Distributor or supply chain issues may result in product shortages or disruptions to our business.

We have a complex global network of distributors and suppliers that has expanded to meet increased customer demand and may, in the future, further evolve in response to market conditions. Although the majority of the products we use are generally available from multiple sources, and alternatives have been generally available in the event of disruption in the past, we could experience material disruptions in production, transportation, labor disputes, and other supply chain issues on specific products, which could result in out-of-stock conditions, and our results of operations and relationships with customers could be adversely affected (a) if new or existing distributors or suppliers are unable to meet any standards that we set or that are set by government or industry regulations or customers, (b) if we are unable to contract with distributors or suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, or (c) if any of our key distributors or suppliers has shipping disruptions or becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations or experiences financial distress.

Our inability to fully or substantially meet customer demand due to distributor or supply chain issues could result in, among other things, unmet consumer demand leading to reduced preference for our products or services in the future, customer purchasing services from competitors, strained customer relationships, termination of customer contracts, additional competition and new entrants into the market, and loss of potential sales and revenue.

Climate change and unfavorable weather conditions could adversely impact our financial results.

Our operations are directly impacted by the weather conditions worldwide, including catastrophic events, natural disasters and potential impacts from climate change. Our business is also affected by extreme weather such as hurricanes, wildfires, snow storms, and other storms which can impact our ability to operate as well as drought and cold weather which can greatly reduce the pest population for extended periods. Climate change continues to receive increasing global attention. The possible effects of climate change could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing storm patterns and intensities, changing temperature levels, as well as changes in legislation, regulation, and international accords, all of 

13

Table of 
Contents

which could adversely impact our costs and business operations. Our business is also affected by seasonality associated with our pest and termite control services. The decrease in pest presence and activity in the fall and winter has historically resulted in a decrease in the revenue and income of our pest and termite control operations during such periods. 

We may not successfully execute our business strategies, including achieving our growth objectives.

We may not be able to fully implement our business strategies or realize, in whole or in part within the expected time frames, the anticipated benefits of various growth or other initiatives. Our ability to implement our business strategy may be adversely affected by factors that we cannot foresee currently, such as unanticipated costs and expenses, global health crises, technological change, recession and economic slowdown, the level of interest rates, foreign exchange risks, our inability to effectively manage and implement change, failure to onboard acquisitions, or a decline in the effectiveness of our marketing (including digital marketing) efforts. 

In addition, we will incur certain costs to achieve efficiency improvements, systems implementations, and growth in our business, and we may not meet anticipated implementation timetables or stay within budgeted costs. As these initiatives are implemented, we may not fully achieve the desired results, including but not limited to, expected cost savings or growth rates, and these initiatives may adversely impact customer retention or our operations. Also, our business strategies may change in light of our ability to implement new business initiatives, competitive pressures, economic uncertainties or developments or other factors.

Invasive pests as well as pest population resistance could materially and adversely impact our business
. 

If a species previously not encountered arrives and becomes invasive, our business would be negatively impacted until appropriate methods for control are developed or deployed. Additionally, pest populations can develop resistance to the pest management tools we use which may impact our ability to gain effective control and impact our business. Moreover, there can be no assurance that current or future technologies to control invasive or resistant pest infestations would be effective. Such infestations could increase costs and decrease revenues which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 We currently conduct business in international markets, which presents unique challenges.

We currently conduct business in international markets, with approximately 7% of our 2025 revenues derived from our international operations. Our ability to operate successfully in international markets may be adversely affected by political, economic and social conditions beyond our control and geopolitical conflicts. Also, we may be adversely affected by local laws and customs and legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable export, anti-corruption and currency laws and regulations of the United States and other countries or regions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future. Risks inherent in our existing and future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, difficulties in identifying and gaining access to local distributors and suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, maintaining product quality and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our financial results.

Our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could take actions that could harm our business.

Our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors are contractually obligated to operate their businesses in accordance with the standards set forth in our agreements with them and applicable laws and regulations. Each of our brands that are franchised also provides training and support to franchisees. However, franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors are independent third parties that we do not control, and who own, operate and oversee the daily operations of their respective businesses, and the ultimate success of any business operation rests with the business owner. If franchisees do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required standards, royalty payments owed to us will be adversely affected and our brands’ image and reputation could be harmed. Similarly, if franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required laws, standards and regulations, we could be subject to claims from regulators or legal claims for the actions or omissions of such third-party franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors. In addition, our relationship with our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could become strained (including resulting in litigation) as we impose new standards or assert more rigorous enforcement practices of the existing required standards. 

14

Table of 
Contents

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Privacy Compliance and Business Disruptions 

The Company, our brands, third-party business partners and service providers have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and could be the targets of future attacks that could result in disruption to our business operations, economic and reputational damage, and possible fines, penalties and private litigation. These could include unauthorized access to or unintentional distribution of personal, financial, proprietary, confidential, or other protected data or information the Company is entrusted to keep about its customers, employees, business practices, or third parties; significant operational disruptions that result from a cybersecurity incident; or vulnerabilities through the use of evolving tools such as AI.

Our internal IT systems contain certain personal, financial, health, or other protected and confidential information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our IT systems also contain our and our brands’ proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, customer lists, pricing, and service development initiatives. From time to time, we integrate new IT systems due to organic growth and acquisitions. In addition, we grant third-party business partners and service providers access to confidential information in order to facilitate business operations and administer employee benefits. Employees, third-party business partners, and service providers can knowingly or unknowingly disseminate such information or serve as an entry point for bad actors to access such information. 

The Company has assigned responsibility for Board oversight of cybersecurity risk to the Audit Committee, which monitors the cybersecurity risk management and cyber control functions, including external security audits, and receives periodic updates from the CISO and other experienced senior management, outside legal counsel, and cybersecurity insurance carriers knowledgeable about assessing and managing cyber risks, including, as appropriate, updates on the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cyber incidents. 

We continue to evaluate and modify our systems and protocols for data security compliance purposes, and such standards may change from time to time. We have processes in place to oversee and identify cybersecurity risks and vulnerability related to certain third-party business partners, vendors, and service providers. We have processes to address risks of a key service provider experiencing a significant cybersecurity incident that renders their services unavailable, but those processes may not cover all business losses. Activities by bad actors, changes in computer and software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools and discoveries, AI, cloud applications, changes in multi-jurisdictional regulations, and other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of our systems. Any compromises, breaches, application errors or human mistakes related to our systems or failures to comply with applicable standards could not only disrupt our financial operations, including our customers’ ability to pay for our services and products by credit card or their willingness to purchase our services and products, but could also result in violations of applicable laws, regulations, orders, industry standards or agreements and subject us to costs, penalties and liabilities. A breach of data security or failure to comply with rigorous multi-jurisdictional consumer privacy requirements could expose us to customer litigation, regulatory actions and costs related to the reporting and handling of such a violation or breach. Furthermore, while we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not cover all liabilities incurred due to a security breach or incident.

Cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware attacks, social engineering, credential theft, or system outages, could result in business interruption, loss of revenue, increased costs, extortion demands, or delays in service delivery, even if no sensitive data is ultimately compromised. Our contingency plans and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to prevent or fully mitigate all such impacts.

Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Risk Management Matters 

In the countries in which we operate, our business is subject to various federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations pertaining to environmental, public health and safety matters, including those related to the pest control industry, and any noncompliance with, changes to, or increased enforcement of such laws, could significantly impact our business.

Our business is subject to various federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations pertaining to environmental, public health and safety matters, including those related to the pest control industry. Among other things, these laws also govern the use, storage, treatment, disposal, transportation and management of certain pesticides and hazardous substances and waste and regulate the emission or discharge of materials into the environment. In addition, the use of certain pesticide products is also regulated by various federal, state, provincial and local environmental and public health agencies. Penalties for noncompliance with these laws may include criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including, but not limited to, cancellation of licenses, fines, and other corrective actions. Noncompliance with, changes in, expanded enforcement of, or 

15

Table of 
Contents

adoption of new laws and regulations governing hazardous waste disposal and other environmental matters, could result in operational changes and increased costs. 

Regulatory actions that restrict, suspend, or prohibit the use of certain pesticide products, active ingredients, or other pest management tools, or impose additional licensing, reporting or training requirements, have and could require operational changes, increase costs, reduce service effectiveness, or limit our ability to offer certain services in specific markets.

We are subject to regulation in the countries in which we operate related to employment laws, and noncompliance could lead to fines or legal proceedings.

We are subject to a myriad of complex laws and regulations in the various federal, state, provincial, regional, and local governments in the countries in which we operate related to employees, including, but not limited to wage and hour laws, anti-discrimination laws, immigration, pension benefit plans, ERISA laws, OSHA regulations, and retirement benefits. Any failure to comply with such applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, enforcement actions, class actions or legal proceedings.

New or proposed regulations regarding climate change could have uncertain impacts on our business.

Climate change has been the subject of increased focus by various governmental authorities and regulators around the world. For example, the State of California has enacted legislation that will require large U.S. companies doing business in California to make broad-based climate-related disclosures. We are assessing our obligations under these proposed and enacted rules in the United States and around the world and expect that compliance could require substantial effort in the future. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. We cannot predict how the proposed rules, if finalized, or any future legislation or regulations pertaining to climate change, will ultimately affect our business.

Termite claims and lawsuits related thereto could increase our legal expenses.

From time to time, we are subject to claims brought by our customers for termite protection services, generally based on alleged termite damage to the structure(s) covered by our contracts with those customers. In some instances of these claims, the customer may initiate litigation or arbitration proceedings against us or one of our brands.

Our safety and risk management programs may not have the intended effect of reducing our liability for employee-work related injuries, third party-liability claims or property loss.

Our auto or other safety management system and performance measures are critical to our reputation and results of operation. We attempt to mitigate risks relating to employee work-related injuries, automobile collision, third-party liability, or property loss through the implementation of company-wide safety management programs designed to focus on prevention and decrease the occurrence of incidents or events that may occur. Such incidents could also have the effect of destabilizing or increasing our insurance costs and financial reserves. Incidents involving injury or property loss may be caused by multiple potential factors, a significant number of which are beyond our control. Therefore, there is no guarantee that our safety and risk management and safety programs will have the desired effect of avoiding or controlling all potential expenses and liability exposure.

Additionally,

we retain certain risks related to general liability, workers’ compensation, and auto liability. The accruals and reserves we hold are based on estimates that involve a degree of judgment and are inherently variable and could be overestimated or insufficient. If actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs may be limited.

Further, some of our commercial customers require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to provide service and bid for contracts, and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we could experience reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients. 

Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures and our accruals and reserves for uninsured claims are variable.

16

Table of 
Contents

We are exposed to liabilities that are unique to our business and the services we provide. We maintain commercial liability insurance that extends to products liability. In addition, we also maintain other insurance and other traditional risk transfer tools to respond to certain types of liabilities and risks. However, such tools are subject to terms such as deductibles, retentions, limits and policy exclusions, commercial availability and supply of coverage as well as risk of denial of coverage, default or insolvency. If we experience unexpected or uncovered losses, or if any of our insurance policies are terminated for any reason or are not effective in mitigating our risks, we may incur losses that are not covered or that exceed our coverage limits. In addition, there can be no assurance that the types or levels of coverage maintained are adequate to cover these potential significant and catastrophic risks. Further, we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance coverage or obtain comparable or additional insurance coverage at a reasonable cost in the event a significant product or service claim arises. 

The commercial insurance market, including automobile and liability insurance, has experienced periods of increased premiums, reduced capacity, higher deductibles, or more restrictive terms. If such trends continue or worsen, our insurance costs could increase materially, or coverage may become more difficult to obtain on acceptable terms.

We have been and may in the future be subject to lawsuits, investigations and other proceedings which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In the normal course of business, we have been and may in the future be involved in various claims, contractual disputes, inquiries, investigations, arbitration and litigation, including (1) claims that our acts, omissions, services or vehicles caused damage or injury, (2) claims that our pest control, termite and/or ancillary services did not achieve the desired results, (3) claims related to acquisitions, (4) claims related to violations of antitrust laws or consumer protection laws, (4) claims related to allegations by federal, state or local authorities, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Trade Commission and Department of Justice, of violations of regulations or statutes, (5) claims related to federal securities laws, (6) claims related to employment or wage and hour violations, including class actions under the California Private Attorneys General Act ("PAGA"), (7) claims related to environmental matters, and (8) claims related to additional laws and regulations. These claims, proceedings or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to Certain Intellectual Property Rights 

Our brand recognition or reputation could be impacted if we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to service marks, trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property rights we own or license. Although we have sought to register or protect many of our marks either in the United States or in the countries in which they are or may be used, we have not sought to protect our marks in every country. Furthermore, because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in other countries as we would in the United States. If we are unable to protect our proprietary information and brand names, we could suffer a material adverse effect to our reputation and business. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that our products, services or activities infringe their intellectual property rights. 

Risks Related to Public Health Crises

The effects of a pandemic or other major public health concern, could materially impact our business.

The impact of a pandemic or other major public health concerns, including changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending, market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, could create significant volatility in the global economy. Additionally, government or regulatory responses to pandemics or other public health concerns, such as mandatory lockdowns, vaccine mandates or other restrictions on operations, could negatively impact our business. 

The ultimate impact of a pandemic or other major public health concern also depends on events beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of such pandemics and other major public health concerns, and related remedial or containment measures taken by parties other than us to respond to them.

We are unable to completely predict the full impact that a pandemic, or other major public health concern will have on our business due to numerous uncertainties. In addition, our compliance with remedial or containment measures could impact 

17

Table of 
Contents

our day-to-day operations and could disrupt our business and operations, as well as that of our customers and suppliers, for an indefinite period of time. Furthermore, labor force availability may be impaired due to exposure, reluctance to comply with governmental, regulatory or contractual mandates, or other restrictions, which could negatively affect our operating costs and profitability or negatively impact our ability to provide quality services. 

Risks Related to Market Conditions and External Factors

Adverse economic conditions, including inflation and restrictions in customer discretionary expenditures, increases in interest rates or other disruptions in credit or financial markets, geopolitical developments, increases in fuel prices, raw material costs, or other operating costs could materially adversely affect our business. 

Economic downturns may adversely affect our commercial customers, including food service, hospitality and food processing industries whose business levels are particularly sensitive to adverse economies. For example, we may lose commercial customers and related revenues because of consolidation or cessation of commercial businesses or because these businesses switch to a lower cost provider. Pest and termite services represent discretionary expenditures to many of our residential customers. If consumers restrict their discretionary expenditures, due to inflation or other economic hardships, we may suffer a decline in revenues from our residential service lines. Disruptions in credit or financial markets could make it more difficult for us to obtain, or increase the cost of obtaining, financing in the future. Increases in interest rates may cause a reduction in new home construction or real estate transactions, which could result in a decrease in revenue. We may be impacted by geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including changes to trade policies and regulations, such as tariffs. In addition, there can be no assurances that fuel prices, raw material costs, or other operating costs, all of which may be subject to inflationary pressures, will not materially increase in future years.

Risks Related to our Capital and Ownership Structure

A group that includes members of the Company’s Board of Directors and management has a significant ownership interest; public stockholders may have no effective voice in the Company’s management.

The Company has a significant shareholder group, which includes the Company’s Executive Chairman Emeritus of the Board, Gary W. Rollins; Board member, Pamela R. Rollins; director nominee, Timothy C. Rollins; and certain persons acting as a group with them (the “Significant Shareholder”) which as of December 31, 2025, beneficially held (in the aggregate, including direct and indirect ownership) approximately 38 percent of our common stock. As a result, the Significant Shareholder has significant influence over our operations, including the election of directors, approval of substantial corporate transactions such as acquisitions, and approval of matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control of the Company at a premium.

The Significant Shareholder has a substantial ownership interest, and the availability of the Company’s common stock to the investing public may be limited.

The availability of Rollins’ common stock to the investing public is limited to those shares not held by the Significant Shareholder, which could negatively impact Rollins’ stock trading prices and affect the ability of minority stockholders to sell their shares. Future sales or other transactions entered into by the Significant Shareholder with respect to all or a portion of their shares or otherwise could also negatively affect the trading price of, or cause volatility in the market for, our common stock.

The Significant Shareholder could take various actions or engage in certain transactions that could negatively impact our common stock price or cause volatility in the market for our common stock.

The Significant Shareholder may from time to time and at any time dispose or cause to be disposed, such equity or other securities or instruments, in any amount that the Significant Shareholder may determine in its sole discretion, through registered offerings, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, or acquire or cause to be acquired, additional equity or other instruments of the Company or derivative instruments the value of which is linked to Company securities. In addition, depending upon a variety of factors, the Significant Shareholder may at any time engage in discussions with the Company and its affiliates, and other persons, including retained outside advisers, concerning the Company’s business, management, strategic alternatives and direction, and in its sole discretion, consider, formulate and implement various plans or proposals intended to enhance the value of its investment in the Company, including, among other things, proposing or effecting any matter that would constitute or result in: (i) the acquisition by any person of 

18

Table of 
Contents

additional securities of the Company or the disposition of securities of the Company; (ii) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the Company or any subsidiary thereof; (iii) a sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any subsidiary thereof; (iv) a change in the present board of directors or management of the Company, including any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the board; (v) a material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of the Company; (vi) other material changes in the Company’s business or corporate structure; (vii) changes in the Company’s charter, bylaws, or instruments corresponding thereto, or other actions which may impede the acquisition of control of the Company by any person; (viii) causing a class of securities of the Company to be delisted from a national securities exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system of a registered national securities association; or (ix) a class of equity securities of the Company becoming eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In the event the Significant Shareholder was to engage in any of the actions enumerated above, our common stock price could be negatively impacted or such actions could cause volatility in the market for our common stock.

Certain provisions in Rollins, Inc.’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit a takeover of the Company.

Rollins, Inc.’s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other documents contain provisions including advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals. These provisions may make a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors more difficult or expensive.