You should
consider carefully the following risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. You are cautioned
that the risk factors discussed below are not exhaustive.

Risks
Related to our Brand and Certain Intellectual Property Rights  

Our
business depends on our strong brands and failing to maintain and enhance our brands and develop a positive client reputation
could hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of customers.

Our strong
brands, Rollins, Orkin, HomeTeam, Clark Pest Control, Western, Northwest, IFC, Crane Pest Control, Waltham, Trutech, PermaTreat, Critter Control, Safeguard Pest Control, Aardwolf
Pestkare, OPC, and other strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business.  Maintaining
and enhancing our brands increases our ability to enter new markets and launch new and innovative services that better serve the
needs of our customers.  Our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational
issues and product/technical failures.  Further, if our brands are significantly damaged, our business, operating results,
and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.  We continue to develop strategies and innovative tools
to gain a deeper understanding of customer acquisition, retention and client replacement in order to more effectively expand and
retain our customer base. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to remain a service leader and
continue to provide high-quality pest control services that are truly beneficial and play a meaningful role in people’s
lives.

Our
brand recognition could be impacted if we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights
that are material to our business.

Our ability
to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to service marks, trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property
rights we own or license, particularly our registered brand names and service marks, Orkin®, Orkin Canada
®,
HomeTeam Pest Defense
®, TAEXX
®, Clark Pest Control
®, Western Pest Services
®,
Northwest Exterminating
®, Critter Control
®, IFC
®, Trutech
®, Waltham
Pest Services
®, OPC Services®, Perma Treat Pest and Termite Control
®, Crane Pest Control
®,
Murray Pest Control®, Allpest
®, Statewide Pest Control
®, Safeguard the Pest Control People
®,
Aardwolf Pestkare
®, Adams Pest Control™, McCall
® and others. Although we have sought to register
or protect many of our marks either in the United States or in the countries in which they are or may be used, we have not sought
to protect our marks in every country. Furthermore, because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual
property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in other countries as we would in the United States.
If we are unable to protect our proprietary information and brand names, we could suffer a material adverse impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property
rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that our products, services or activities
infringe their intellectual property rights.

7

Our
franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could take actions that could harm our business.

Our franchisees,
subcontractors, and vendors are contractually obligated to operate their businesses in accordance with the standards set forth
in our agreements with them and applicable laws and regulations. Each franchised brand also provides training and support to
franchisees. However, franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors are independent third parties that we do not control, and who own,
operate and oversee the daily operations of their businesses. As a result, the ultimate success of any franchise operation rests
with the franchisee. If franchisees do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required standards,
royalty payments to us will be adversely affected and our brands’ image and reputation could be harmed. This could materially
adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Similarly, if subcontractors, vendors
and franchisees do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required laws, standards and regulations,
we could be subject to claims from regulators or legal claims for the actions or omissions of such third-party distributors, subcontractors,
vendors and franchisees. In addition, our relationship with our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could become strained
(including resulting in litigation) as we impose new standards or assert more rigorous enforcement practices of the existing required
standards. These strains in our relationships or claims could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

From
time to time, we receive communications from our franchisees regarding complaints, disputes or questions about our practices and
standards in relation to our franchised operations and certain economic terms of our franchise arrangements. If franchisees or
groups representing franchisees were to bring legal proceedings against us, we would vigorously defend against the claims in any
such proceeding. Our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely
impacted, and the price of our common stock could decline.

Risks
Related to the Global Economy and Public Health Crises

Economic
conditions may materially adversely affect our business.

Pest
and termite services represent discretionary expenditures to many of our residential customers. If consumers restrict their discretionary
expenditures, we may suffer a decline in revenues from our residential service lines. Economic downturns can also adversely affect
our commercial customers, including food service, hospitality and food processing industries whose business levels are particularly
sensitive to adverse economies. For example, we may lose commercial customers and related revenues because of consolidation or
cessation of commercial businesses or because these businesses switch to a lower cost provider.

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition is impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the restrictions
put in place in connection therewith.

We 
have and continue to respond to the global outbreak of COVID-19 by taking steps to mitigate the potential risks posed to us by
its spread and the impact of the restrictions put in place by the local, state and federal governments to protect the population.
However, the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in key areas of our operations may require us to implement additional restrictions
on our operations. We continue to execute our business continuity plan and have implemented a comprehensive set of new protocols
for the health and safety of our employees, customers, and business partners, such as wearing masks, gloves, and other personal
protective equipment, social distancing, utilizing electronic documents and sanitizing high touch surfaces, among others. Our
employees transitioned to work-from-home during fiscal 2020 where appropriate. However, due to the speed and scope with which
the COVID-19 situation has evolved and the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, we are not able at this time
to predict the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
In addition, the unprecedented uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, due to rapidly changing governmental directives, public health
challenges and progress, macroeconomic consequences, and market reactions thereto, also makes it more challenging for our management
to estimate the future performance of our business and develop strategies to generate growth or achieve our objectives for 2021
and beyond.

Risks
Related to our Labor Force

Our
inability to attract and retain skilled workers may impair growth potential and profitability.

Our
ability to remain productive and profitable will depend substantially on our ability to attract and retain sales and
service operations professional workers, develop leadership and implement diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. Our
ability to expand our operations is in part impacted by our ability to increase our labor force. The demand for employees is
high, and the supply is limited. A significant increase in the wages paid and benefits offered by competing employers could
result in a reduction in our labor force, increases in our labor costs, or both. If either of paid these events occurred, our
capacity and profitability could be diminished, and our growth potential could be impaired.

8

Risks
Related to our Business, Industry and Operations

We
face risks regarding our ability to maintain our competitive position in the pest control industry in the future.

We operate
in a highly competitive industry. Our revenues and earnings are affected by changes in competitors’ prices and general
economic issues. We compete with other large pest control companies, as well as numerous smaller pest control companies, for a
finite number of customers. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that we serve are service quality,
terms of guarantees, reputation for safety, technical proficiency and price. Although we believe that our experience and reputation
for safety and quality service are excellent, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain our competitive position.

We
may not be able to identify, complete or successfully integrate acquisitions.

Acquisitions
have been and may continue to be an important element of our business strategy. We cannot assure investors that we will be able
to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition candidates on terms favorable to us in the future. We cannot assure investors that
we will be able to integrate successfully the operations and assets of any acquired business with our own business. Any inability
on our part to integrate and manage the growth from acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.

Expanding
into international markets presents unique challenges, and our expansion efforts with respect to international operations may
not be successful.

An element
of our strategy includes further expansion into international markets. Our ability to successfully operate in international
markets may be adversely affected by political, economic and social conditions beyond our control, local laws and customs, and
legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable anti-corruption and currency laws and regulations, of the
countries or regions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. Risks inherent in our existing and
future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, difficulties
in identifying and gaining access to local suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or
the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, maintaining product quality and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual
property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an adverse effect on the financial
results of our international operations.

Our
operations are affected by adverse weather conditions.

Our operations
are directly impacted by the weather conditions worldwide. The business of the Company is affected by the seasonal nature of the
Company’s pest and termite control services. The increase in pest presence and activity, as well as the metamorphosis of
termites in the spring and summer (the occurrence of which is determined by the timing of the change in seasons), has historically
resulted in an increase in the revenue and income of the Company’s pest and termite control operations during such periods.
The business of the Company is also affected by extreme weather such as drought which can greatly reduce the pest population for
extended periods.

9

Risks Related
to Cybersecurity, Privacy Compliance and Business Disruptions 

The
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries could suffer disruption to business operations and face economic and reputational damage,
as well as be subject to fines, penalties and private litigation, if there is unauthorized access to or unintentional distribution
of personal, financial, proprietary, confidential, or other protected data or information the Company is entrusted to keep about
its customers, employees, business practices, or third parties.

Our internal
information technology (“IT”) systems contain certain personal, financial, health, or other protected and confidential
information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees.  Our IT systems also contain the Company’s
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries’ proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business
plans, customer lists and product and service development initiatives. We also grant third-party business partners and service
providers access to such information in order to facilitate business operations and administer benefits.  Employees, third-party
business partners, and service providers can knowingly or unknowingly disseminate such information or serve as an entry point
for bad actors to access such information. Vulnerabilities from growth, acquisitions, and integration with new systems also exist. 

Our privacy
compliance and digital risk management initiatives focus on the threats and risks to enterprise information and the underlying
IT systems processing such information as part of the implementation of business processes.  The Company also relies on,
among other things, commercially available vendors, cyber protection systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security
for processing, transmission and storage of protected information and data. The systems currently used for transmission and approval
of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data
at risk, meet standards set by the payment card industry (“PCI”). We have also implemented policies and procedures,
internal training, system controls, and constant monitoring and audit processes to protect the Company from internal and external
vulnerabilities and to comply with consumer privacy laws in the areas in which we operate.  Further, the Company limits retention
of certain data, encrypts certain data and otherwise protects information to comply with consumer privacy laws in the areas in
which we operate.

We continue
to evaluate and modify our systems and protocols for data security compliance purposes, and such standards may change from time
to time. We monitor certain third-party business partners and service providers for compliance and vulnerabilities.  Activities
by bad actors, changes in computer and software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools and discoveries, cloud applications,
changes in multi-jurisdictional regulations, and other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of our systems.
Any compromises, breaches, application errors  or human mistakes related to our systems or failures to comply with applicable
standards could not only disrupt our financial operations, including our customers’ ability to pay for our services and
products by credit card or their willingness to purchase our services and products, but could also result in violations of applicable
laws, regulations, orders, industry standards or agreements and subject us to costs, penalties and liabilities which could have
a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore,
a breach of data security or failure to comply with rigorous multi-jurisdictional consumer privacy requirements could expose us
to customer litigation, regulatory actions and costs related to the reporting and handling of such a violation or breach.

Risks
Related to Legal, Regulatory and Risk Management Matters

We
are from time to time subject to lawsuits, investigations and other proceedings which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our operations may be adversely affected if we fail to comply
with applicable law or other governmental regulations, including environmental and other regulations relating to the pest control
industry.

10

In the
normal course of business, we are involved in various claims, arbitrations, contractual disputes, investigations and litigation,
including claims that our services or vehicles caused damage or injury, claims that our services did not achieve the desired results,
claims related to acquisitions, allegations by federal, state or local authorities, including the SEC, of violations of regulations
or statutes, claims related to wage and hour law violations and claims related to environmental matters.  These claims, proceedings
or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

Additionally,
our business is significantly affected by and subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial, regional and local
governments in the countries in which we operate, including, but not limited to, environmental laws, antitrust laws, consumer
protection laws, employment laws, including wage and hour laws, payroll taxes and anti-discrimination laws, immigration, human
health and safety laws and other regulations relating to the pest control industry.

We are
unable to predict whether such laws will, in the future, materially affect our operations and financial condition or whether any
changes will require us to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such changes. Penalties for noncompliance
with these laws may include investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including, but not limited to, cancellation
of licenses, fines, and other corrective actions, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

The
ongoing SEC investigation and any potential related litigation entail risks and uncertainties.

The
SEC is conducting an investigation, which the Company believes is primarily focused on how it established accruals
and reserves at period-ends and the impact of those accruals and reserves on reported earnings. The investigation relates
to period-ends for periods beginning January 1, 2015.  The Company is fully cooperating with the
SEC’s investigation.  The Company’s Audit Committee retained independent counsel to conduct an internal
investigation into matters related to the SEC investigation and, in particular, the Company’s processes for
establishing and adjusting reserves for each quarter in the relevant periods. The internal investigation was concluded in
October 2020. Based on the results of the internal investigation, it was determined that there was a significant deficiency
in the Company’s internal controls relating to the documentation and review of accounting entries for certain reserves
and accruals.  The Company has subsequently reevaluated and strengthened its internal controls over financial
reporting, including improving processes and procedures and supporting documentation and providing additional training, which
has resulted in the remediation of the significant deficiency. The Company, after consultation with the Audit Committee
and independent counsel, believes that its financial statements filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K and 10-Q for the
relevant periods fairly present in all material respects its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of
their respective balance sheet dates and for the periods then ended.

The SEC’s
investigation is ongoing, however, and there can be no assurance that the SEC or another regulatory body will not make further
regulatory inquiries or pursue action against the Company and its senior officers that could result in potentially significant
sanctions and penalties, or that could require the Company to take additional remedial steps.  Potential sanctions against
the Company and/or individuals could include penalties, injunctions, and cease-and-desist orders. Further, the Company may be
subject to litigation from third parties related to the matters under review by the SEC.  Accordingly, the ongoing SEC investigation
and any potential related litigation could result in distraction to management and entail risks and uncertainties the outcome
of which could adversely affect our financial results and our reputation.

Product,
service or other related liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position and results
of operations.  

The handling,
storage, transportation, and use of chemical products required to provide pest control service involves inherent exposure to potential
product liability claims, service level claims, and related adverse publicity. Additionally, hazards could potentially cause injury,
damage to, or destruction of, property or equipment and environmental contamination or other environmental damage, which could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Also, the occurrence of disruptions, shutdowns
or other material operating problems at our facilities or those of our suppliers or customers due to any of these risks could
adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations
and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties. We maintain product and general liability insurance,
however, there can be no assurance that the types or levels of coverage maintained are adequate to cover these potential significant
and catastrophic risks. In addition, we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance coverage or obtain comparable
or additional insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, if at all, in the event a significant product or service claim arises.

11

Our
risk management and safety programs may not have the intended effect of reducing our liability for personal injury or property
loss.  

Our safety
record is critical to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to provide
service and bid for contracts, and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract
fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we
could suffer reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We attempt
to mitigate risks relating to personal injury or property loss through the implementation of company-wide safety management efforts
designed to decrease the incidence of accidents or events that may occur. It is expected that any such decreases could also have
the effect of reducing our insurance costs. However, incidents involving injury or property loss may be caused by multiple potential
factors, a significant number of which are beyond our control. Therefore, there is no guarantee that our risk management and safety
programs will have the desired effect of controlling all potential costs and liability exposure.

Our
enterprise risk management program may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks.

We maintain
an enterprise risk management program that is designed to identify, assess, mitigate, and monitor the risks that we face. There
can be no assurance that our frameworks or models for assessing and managing known risks, compliance with applicable law, and
related controls will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in all market environments or against all types of known and
unknown risk in our business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in our risk management or compliance
programs, the performance and value of our business could be materially adversely affected.

The Company
maintains insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools to manage certain types of risks. However, such tools are subject
to terms such as deductibles, retentions, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of denial of coverage, default or insolvency.
If we suffer unexpected or uncovered losses, or if any of our insurance policies are terminated for any reason or are not effective
in mitigating our risks, we may incur losses that are not covered or that exceed our coverage limits and could adversely impact
our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

Risks
Related to our Capital and Ownership Structure

The
Company’s management has a substantial ownership interest; public stockholders may have no effective voice in the Company’s
management.

The Company
has elected the “Controlled Company” exemption under Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”)
Listed Company Manual. The Company is a “Controlled Company” because a group that includes the Company’s Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Gary W. Rollins, and certain companies under his control, controls in excess of fifty
percent of the Company’s voting power. As a “Controlled Company,” the Company need not comply with certain NYSE
rules.

Rollins,
Inc.’s executive officers, directors and their affiliates hold directly, or through indirect beneficial ownership, in the
aggregate, approximately 54 percent of the Company’s outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, these persons
will effectively control the operations of the Company, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate
transactions such as acquisitions and approval of matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership could
also have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control of the Company at a premium.

12

Our
management has a substantial ownership interest, and the availability of the Company’s common stock to the investing public
may be limited.

The availability
of Rollins’ common stock to the investing public would be limited to those shares not held by the executive officers, directors
and their affiliates, which could negatively impact Rollins’ stock trading prices and affect the ability of minority stockholders
to sell their shares. Future sales by executive officers, directors and their affiliates of all or a portion of their shares could
also negatively affect the trading price of our common stock.

Provisions
in Rollins, Inc.’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit a takeover of the Company.

Rollins,
Inc.’s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other documents contain provisions including advance notice requirements
for stockholder proposals and staggered terms for the Board of Directors. These provisions may make a tender offer, change in
control or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors more difficult or expensive.