We are
subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. The following summarizes the known material risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business could
also be impacted by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. 

Risks Related
to Our Business 

Volatility of natural gas and oil prices significantly affects our cash flow and capital resources and could hamper
our ability to produce natural gas, NGLs and oil economically 

Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are volatile, and a
decline in prices adversely affects our profitability and financial condition. The oil and gas industry is typically cyclical, and prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil have been volatile. Over the past four years, the average NYMEX monthly
settlement price of natural gas has been as high as $13.10 per mcf and as low as $2.84 mcf. During that same time frame, the oil settlement price was as high as $134.62 per barrel and as low as $33.87 per barrel. As of the end of January 2012,
natural gas was $2.68 per mcf and oil was $98.46 per barrel. Natural gas prices are likely to affect us more than oil prices because approximately 79% of our December 31, 2011 proved reserves are natural gas. Natural gas prices are approaching
historical lows. Historically, the industry has experienced downturns characterized by oversupply and/or weak demand. Long-term supply and demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil is uncertain and subject to a myriad of factors such as: 

•

 the domestic and foreign supply of natural gas, NGLs and oil; 

•

 the price, availability and demand for alternative fuels and sources of energy; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 the level of consumer demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports; 

•

 U.S. domestic and worldwide economic conditions; 

•

 the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities and processing facilities; 

•

 the effect of worldwide energy conservation efforts; 

•

 political conditions in natural gas and oil producing regions; and 

•

 domestic (federal, state and local) and foreign governmental regulations and taxes. 

Lower natural gas, NGL and oil prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis but also may reduce the amount of natural
gas, NGL and oil that we can economically produce. A reduction in production could result in a shortfall in expected cash flows and require a reduction in capital spending or require additional borrowing. Without the ability to fund capital
expenditures, we would be unable to replace reserves which would negatively affect our future rate of growth. 

Producing
natural gas, NGLs and oil may involve unprofitable efforts. As of December 31, 2011, the relationship between the price of oil and the price of natural gas is at an unprecedented spread. Normally, natural gas liquids production is a by-product
of natural gas production. Due to the current differences in prices, we and other producers may choose to sell natural gas at below cost, or otherwise dispose of natural gas to allow for the sale of only natural gas liquids. 

Information concerning our reserves and future net cash flow estimates is uncertain 

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved natural gas and oil reserves and their values, including many
factors beyond our control. Estimates of proved reserves are by their nature uncertain. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, actual production, revenues and costs to develop will likely vary from estimates and these variances could be
material. 

Reserve estimation is a subjective process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground
accumulations of natural gas and oil that cannot be directly measured. As a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may calculate different estimates of reserves
and future net cash flows based on the same available data. Because of the subjective nature of natural gas, NGLs and oil reserve estimates, each of the following items may differ materially from the amounts or other factors estimated: 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 the amount and timing of natural gas, NGL and oil production; 

•

 the revenues and costs associated with that production; and 

•

 the amount and timing of future development expenditures. 

The discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves included in this report should not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties. As required by generally
accepted accounting principles, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves are based on a twelve month average price (first day of the month) while cost estimates are as of the end of the year. Actual future prices and
costs may be materially higher or lower. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles is not necessarily the
most appropriate discount factor based on the cost of capital in effect from time to time and risks associated with our business and the oil and gas industry in general. 

If natural gas, NGL and oil prices decrease or drilling efforts are unsuccessful, we may be required to record writedowns of our natural gas and oil properties 

In the past we have been required to write down the carrying value of certain of our natural gas and oil properties, and there is a risk
that we will be required to take additional writedowns in the future. Writedowns may occur when natural gas and oil prices are low, or if we have downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves, increases in our estimates of operating or
development costs, deterioration in our drilling results or mechanical problems with wells where the cost to redrill or repair is not supported by the expected economics. 

Accounting rules require that the carrying value of natural gas and oil properties be periodically reviewed for possible impairment. Impairment is recognized for the excess of book value over fair value
when the book value of a proven property is greater than the expected undiscounted future net cash flows from that property and on acreage when conditions indicate the carrying value is not recoverable. We may be required to write down the carrying
value of a property based on natural gas and oil prices at the time of the impairment review, or as a result of continuing evaluation of drilling results, production data, economics, divestiture activity, and other factors. While an impairment
charge reflects our long-term ability to recover an investment, it does not impact cash or cash flow from operating activities, but it does reduce our reported earnings and increases our leverage ratios. 

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves 

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded our capital
expenditures through a combination of cash flow from operations, our bank credit facility and debt and equity issuances. We have also engaged in asset monetization transactions. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, such as the
level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas, NGL and oil and our success in developing and producing new reserves. If our access to capital were limited due to numerous factors, which could include a decrease in revenues due to
lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices or decreased production or deterioration of the credit and capital markets, we would have a reduced ability to replace our reserves. We may not be able to incur additional bank debt, issue debt or equity,
engage in asset monetization or access other methods of financing on an economic basis to meet our reserve replacement requirements. 

The amount available for borrowing under our bank credit facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is determined by our lenders, at their discretion, taking into account our estimated proved reserves
and is subject to periodic redeterminations based on pricing models determined by the lenders at such time. Declines in natural gas, NGL and oil prices adversely impact the value of our estimated proved reserves and, in turn, the market values used
by our lenders to determine our borrowing base. If commodity prices (particularly natural gas prices) continue to decline, it will have similar adverse effects on our reserves and borrowing base. 

Our future success depends on our ability to replace reserves that we produce 

Because the rate of production from natural gas and oil properties generally declines as reserves are depleted, our future success depends
upon our ability to economically find or acquire and produce additional natural gas, NGL and oil reserves. Except to the extent that we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development
activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Future natural gas, NGL and oil production, therefore, is highly dependent
upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find or acquire and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost. 

20 

Table of Contents

We acquire significant amounts of unproved property to further our development efforts.
Development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. We acquire both producing and unproved properties as well as lease
undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance growth potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally,
there can be no assurance that unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion
of our investment in such unproved property or wells. 

Our indebtedness could limit our ability to successfully operate our business

We are leveraged and our exploration and development program will require substantial capital resources depending on
the level of drilling and the expected cost of services. Our existing operations will also require ongoing capital expenditures. In addition, if we decide to pursue additional acquisitions, our capital expenditures will increase, both to complete
such acquisitions and to explore and develop any newly acquired properties. 

The degree to which we are leveraged could have
other important consequences, including the following: 

•

 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to the payment of our indebtedness, reducing the funds available
for our operations; 

•

 a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, making us vulnerable to increases in interest rates; 

•

 we may be more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage; 

•

 our degree of leverage may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our business or the general economy; 

•

 we are subject to numerous financial and other restrictive covenants contained in our existing credit agreements the breach of which could materially
and adversely impact our financial performance; 

•

 our debt level could limit our flexibility to grow the business and in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which
we operate; and 

•

 we may have difficulties borrowing money in the future. 

Despite our current levels of indebtedness, we still may be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further increase the risks described above. In addition to those risks above, we may not be
able to obtain funding on acceptable terms. 

Our business is subject to operating hazards that could result in substantial losses or
liabilities that may not be fully covered under our insurance policies 

Natural gas, NGL and oil operations are
subject to many risks, including well blowouts, craterings, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, fires, formations with abnormal pressures, pipeline ruptures or spills, pollution, releases of toxic gases and other
environmental hazards and risks. If any of these hazards occur, we could sustain substantial losses as a result of: 

•

 injury or loss of life; 

•

 severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment; 

•

 pollution or other environmental damage; 

•

 clean-up responsibilities; 

•

 regulatory investigations and penalties; or 

•

 suspension of operations. 

We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential risks and losses. We may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the
risks presented. We have experienced substantial increases in premiums, especially in areas affected by hurricanes and tropical storms. Insurers have imposed revised limits affecting how much the insurers will pay on actual storm claims plus the
cost to re-drill wells where substantial damage has been incurred. Insurers are also requiring us to retain larger deductibles and reducing the scope of what insurable losses will include. Even with the increase in future insurance premiums,
coverage will be reduced, requiring us to bear a greater potential risk if our natural gas and oil properties are damaged. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. If a significant accident or other event
occurs that is not fully covered by insurance, it could have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Table of Contents

Additionally, we rely to a large extent on facilities owned and operated by third parties,
and damage to or destruction of those third-party facilities could affect our ability to produce, transport and sell our production. We maintain business interruption insurance related to a third party processing plant in Pennsylvania where we are
insured for potential losses from the interruption of production caused by loss of or damage to the processing plant. 

We are subject to
financing and interest rate exposure risks 

Our business and operating results can be harmed by factors such as the
availability, terms of and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. These changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce cash flow
used for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, at December 31, 2011, approximately 91% of our debt is at fixed interest rates with the remaining 9% subject to variable interest rates. 

Continuing disruptions and volatility in the global finance markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our
ability to finance our operations. We require continued access to capital; a significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and
operating results. We are exposed to some credit risk related to our bank credit facility to the extent that one or more of our lenders may be unable to provide necessary funding to us under our existing revolving line of credit if it experiences
liquidity problems. 

Difficult conditions in the global capital markets, the credit markets and the economy in general may materially
adversely affect our business and results of operations 

Access to capital is essential to our business. Global
financial markets have been disrupted while volatile and economic conditions remain weak. As a result of concerns about the stability of financial markets in general and the solvency of counterparties specifically, access to credit markets has
become less predictable, as many lenders and institutional investors have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards and limited the amount of funding available to borrowers. As a result, we may be unable to obtain adequate funding
under our current credit facility because (i) our lending counterparties may be unwilling or unable to meet their funding obligations or (ii) the amount we may borrow under our current credit facility could be reduced as a result of lower
natural gas, NGLs or oil prices, declines in reserves, stricter lending requirements or regulations, or for other reasons. 

Due to these factors, we cannot be certain that funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If funding is not available
when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans take advantage of business opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
production, revenues and results of operations. 

Hedging transactions may limit our potential gains and involve other risks

To manage our exposure to price risk, we currently and may in the future enter into derivative arrangements, utilizing
commodity derivatives with respect to a portion of our future production. The goal of these hedges is to lock in prices so as to limit volatility and increase the predictability of cash flow. These transactions limit our potential gains if natural
gas, NGLs and oil prices rise above the price established by the hedge. 

In addition, derivative transactions may expose us to
the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which: 

•

 our production is less than expected; 

•

 the counterparties to our futures contracts fail to perform on their contract obligations; or 

•

 an event materially impacts natural gas, NGL or oil prices or the relationship between the hedged price index and the natural gas or oil sales price.

We cannot assure you that any derivative transaction we may enter into will adequately protect us from
declines in the prices of natural gas, NGLs or oil. On the other hand, where we choose not to engage in derivative transactions in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices than our competitors who
engage in derivative transactions. 

22 

Table of Contents

The recent adoption of derivatives legislation by the United States Congress could have an adverse
effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with our business. 

The United States Congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that
participate in that market. The new legislation, known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”), was signed into law by the President on July 21, 2010 and requires the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission (the “CFTC”) and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the new legislation within 360 days from the date of enactment, though final rules have yet to be issued. In its rulemaking under the Act, the CFTC has
proposed regulations to set position limits for certain futures and options contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain bona fide hedging transactions or positions would be exempt from these
position limits. It is not possible at this time to predict when the CFTC will finalize these regulations. The financial reform legislation may also require us to comply with margin requirements and with certain clearing and trade-execution
requirements in connection with our derivative activities, although the application of those provisions to us is uncertain at this time. The financial reform legislation may also require the counterparties to our derivative instruments to spin off
some of their derivatives activities to a separate entity, which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparty. The new legislation and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including
requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to
monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the legislation and regulations, our results of operations may become more
volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and regulations is to
lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material, adverse effect on us, our financial condition, and our results of operations. 

Many of our current and potential competitors have greater resources than we have and we may not be able to successfully compete in acquiring, exploring and developing new properties

We face competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, acquiring reserves and leases,
obtaining goods, services and employees needed to operate and manage our business and marketing natural gas, NGLs or oil. Competitors include multinational oil companies, independent production companies and individual producers and operators. Many
of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to address these competitive factors more effectively than we can or weather industry downturns more easily than we can. 

The demand for field services and their ability to meet that demand may limit our ability to drill and produce our natural gas and oil properties

In a rising price environment, such as those experienced in 2007 and early 2008, well service providers and related
equipment and personnel were in short supply. This caused escalating prices, the possibility of poor services coupled with potential damage to downhole reservoirs and personnel injuries. Such pressures increased the actual cost of services, extended
the time to secure such services and added costs for damages due to accidents sustained from the over use of equipment and inexperienced personnel. In some cases, we are operating in areas where services and infrastructure are limited, or do not
exist or in urban areas which are more restrictive. 

A change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of our assets by federal,
state or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of our assets, which may cause our revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase 

Section 1(b) of the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”) exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) as a natural gas company under the NGA. We believe that the natural gas pipelines in our gathering systems meet the traditional tests FERC has used to establish a pipeline’s status as a gatherer
not subject to regulation as a natural gas company. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of ongoing litigation, so the classification and regulation of our
gathering facilities are subject to change based on future determinations by FERC, the courts, or Congress. 

While our natural
gas gathering operations are generally exempt from FERC regulation under the NGA, our gas gathering operations may be subject to certain FERC reporting and posting requirements in a given year. FERC has issued a final rule requiring certain
participants in the natural gas market, including certain gathering facilities and natural gas marketers that engage in a minimum level of natural gas sales or purchases, to submit annual reports to FERC on the aggregate volumes of natural gas
purchased or sold at wholesale in the prior calendar year to the extent such transactions utilize, contribute to, or may contribute to, the formation of price indices. In addition, FERC has issued a final rule requiring major non-interstate

23 

Table of Contents

pipelines, defined as certain non-interstate pipelines delivering more than an average of 50 million MMBtu of gas over the previous three calendar years, to post daily, certain information
regarding the pipeline’s capacity and scheduled flows for each receipt and delivery point that has design capacity equal to or greater than 15,000 MMBtu per day. 

Other FERC regulations may indirectly impact our businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses. FERC’s policies and practices across the range of its natural gas regulatory
activities, including, for example, its policies on open access transportation, gas quality, ratemaking, capacity release and market center promotion, may indirectly affect the intrastate natural gas market. In recent years, FERC has pursued
pro-competitive policies in its regulation of interstate natural gas pipelines. However, we cannot assure you that FERC will continue this approach as it considers matters such as pipelines rates and rules and policies that may affect rights of
access to transportation capacity. For more information regarding the regulation of our operations, please see “Government Regulation” in Items 1 and 2 of this report. 

Should we fail to comply with all applicable FERC administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines 

Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC has civil penalty authority under the NGA to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1
million per day for each violation and disgorgement of profits associated with any violation. While our operations have not been regulated as a natural gas company by FERC under the NGA, FERC has adopted regulations that may subject certain of our
otherwise non-FERC jurisdiction facilities to FERC annual reporting and daily scheduled flow and capacity posting requirements. We also must comply with the anti-market manipulation rules enforced by FERC. Additional rules and legislation pertaining
to those and other matters may be considered or adopted by FERC from time to time. Failure to comply with those regulations in the future could subject Range to civil penalty liability. For more information regarding regulation of our operations,
please see “Government Regulation” in Items 1 and 2 of this report. 

The natural gas and oil industry is subject to
extensive regulation 

The natural gas and oil industry is subject to various types of regulations in the United States
by local, state and federal agencies. Legislation affecting the industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing our regulatory burden. Numerous departments and agencies, both state and federal, are authorized by
statute to issue rules and regulations binding on participants in the natural gas and oil industry. Compliance with such rules and regulations often increases our cost of doing business, delays our operations and, in turn, decreases our
profitability. 

Our operations are subject to numerous and increasingly strict federal, state and local laws, regulations and
enforcement policies relating to the environment. We may incur significant costs and liabilities in complying with existing or future environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies and may incur costs arising out of property or natural
resource damage or injuries to employees and other persons. These costs may result from our current and former operations and even may be caused by previous owners of property we own or lease or relate to third party sites where we have taken
materials for recycling or disposal. Any past, present or future failure by us to completely comply with environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies could cause us to incur substantial fines, sanctions or liabilities from cleanup costs
or other damages. Incurrence of those costs or damages could reduce or eliminate funds available for exploration, development or acquisitions or cause us to incur losses. Matters subject to regulation include: 

•

 the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released into the environment; 

•

 response to unexpected releases to the environment; 

•

 reports and permits concerning exploration, drilling, production and other operations; 

•

 the spacing of wells; 

•

 unitization and pooling of properties; 

•

 calculating royalties on oil and gas produced under federal and state leases; and 

•

 taxation. 

Under these laws, we could be liable for personal injuries, property damage, oil spills, discharge of hazardous materials, remediation
and clean-up costs, natural resource damages and other environmental damages. We also could be required to install expensive pollution control measures or limit or cease activities on lands located within wilderness, wetlands or other
environmentally or politically sensitive areas. Failure to comply with these laws also may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties as well as the imposition of
corrective action orders. 

24 

Table of Contents

Climate change is receiving increasing attention from scientists, legislators and
governmental agencies. There is an ongoing debate as to the extent to which our climate is changing, the potential causes of this change and its potential impacts. Some attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including
carbon dioxide and methane, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. 

There are a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions, which are in various phases of discussion
or implementation. The outcome of federal and state actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs including potential new regulations to control or restrict emissions, taxes or other charges to deter
emissions of greenhouse gases, energy efficiency requirements to reduce demand, or other regulatory actions. These actions could: 

•

 result in increased costs associated with our operations; 

•

 increase other costs to our business; 

•

 affect the demand for natural gas; and 

•

 impact the prices we charge our customers. 

Adoption of federal or state requirements mandating a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could have far-reaching and significant impacts on the energy industry and the U.S. economy. We cannot predict
the potential impact of such laws or regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information regarding the environmental regulation of our business, see “Environment and Occupational
Health and Safety Matters” in Items 1 and 2 of this report. 

Certain federal income tax deductions currently available with
respect to natural gas and oil exploration and development may be eliminated, and additional state taxes on natural gas extraction may be imposed, as a result of future legislation. 

Legislation has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U.S. federal income tax laws, including the
elimination of certain U.S. federal income tax benefits currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies. Such changes include, but are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas