We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. The
following summarizes some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business could also be impacted by
additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be
immaterial.

Risks Related to Our Business

Volatility of natural gas and oil prices significantly affects our cash flow and capital resources
and could hamper our ability to produce natural gas and oil economically

     Natural gas and oil prices are volatile, and a decline in prices adversely affects our
profitability and financial condition. The oil and gas industry is typically cyclical, and prices
for natural gas and oil have been volatile. Historically, the industry has experienced downturns
characterized by oversupply and/or weak demand. Long-term supply and demand for oil and gas is
uncertain and subject to a myriad of factors such as:

•

the domestic and foreign supply of natural gas and oil;

•

the price and availability of alternative fuels;

•

weather conditions;

•

the level of consumer demand;

•

the price of foreign imports;

•

worldwide economic conditions;

•

the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities and processing
facilities;

•

the effect of worldwide energy conservation efforts;

•

political conditions in natural gas and oil producing regions; and

•

domestic (federal, state and local) and foreign governmental regulations and taxes.

     In July 2008, the average New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”) price of oil was $133.49 per
barrel and the average NYMEX price of gas was $12.96 per mcf. In December 2008, the average NYMEX
price of oil had fallen to $42.04 per barrel and gas was $6.56 per mcf. In 2009, oil prices
rebounded to $74.60 per barrel as of December 31, 2009, while gas prices remained depressed at
$4.46 per mcf. In December 2010, the average NYMEX price for oil had increased to $89.23 per
barrel while gas prices declined to $4.27 per mcf. Significant or extended price declines can
adversely affect the amount of natural gas, NGL and oil that we can economically produce. A
reduction in production could result in a shortfall in expected cash flows and require a reduction
in capital spending or require additional borrowing. Without the ability to fund capital
expenditures, we would be unable to replace reserves which would negatively affect our future rate
of growth.

Information concerning our reserves and future net cash flow estimates is uncertain

     There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved natural gas and
oil reserves and their values, including many factors beyond our control. Estimates of proved
reserves are by their nature uncertain. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, actual
production, revenues and costs to develop will likely vary from estimates and these variances could
be material.

     Reserve estimation is a subjective process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered
from underground accumulations of natural gas and oil that cannot be directly measured. As a
result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering
practices and scientific methods, may calculate different estimates of reserves and future net cash
flows based on the same available data. Because of the subjective nature of natural gas and oil
reserve estimates, each of the following items may differ materially from the amounts or other
factors estimated:

•

the amount and timing of natural gas and oil production;

•

the revenues and costs associated with that production; and

•

the amount and timing of future development expenditures.

     The discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves included in this report should
not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties. As required
by generally accepted accounting principles, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our
proved reserves are based on a twelve month average price (beginning of month) while cost estimates
are as of the end of the year. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower.
In addition, the 10 percent discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted
future net revenues for reporting

11

Table of Contents

purposes under generally accepted accounting principles is not necessarily the most appropriate
discount factor based on the cost of capital in effect from time to time and risks associated with
our business and the oil and gas industry in general.

If natural gas and oil prices decrease or drilling efforts are unsuccessful, we may be required to
record writedowns of our natural gas and oil properties

     In the past we have been required to write down the carrying value of certain of our natural
gas and oil properties, and there is a risk that we will be required to take additional writedowns
in the future. Writedowns may occur when natural gas and oil prices are low, or if we have
downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves, increases in our estimates of operating or
development costs, deterioration in our drilling results or mechanical problems with wells where
the cost to redrill or repair is not supported by the expected economics.

     Accounting rules require that the carrying value of natural gas and oil properties be
periodically reviewed for possible impairment. Impairment is recognized for the excess of book
value over fair value when the book value of a proven property is greater than the expected
undiscounted future net cash flows from that property and on acreage when conditions indicate the
carrying value is not recoverable. We may be required to write down the carrying value of a
property based on natural gas and oil prices at the time of the impairment review, or as a result
of continuing evaluation of drilling results, production data, economics, divestiture activity, and
other factors. While an impairment charge reflects our long-term ability to recover an investment,
it does not impact cash or cash flow from operating activities, but it does reduce our reported
earnings and increases our leverage ratios.

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves

     Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital
expenditures. Historically, we have funded our capital expenditures through a combination of cash
flow from operations, our bank credit facility and debt and equity issuances. We have also engaged
in asset monetization transactions. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, such
as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas and oil and our success in
developing and producing new reserves. If our access to capital were limited due to numerous
factors, which could include a decrease in revenues due to lower natural gas and oil prices or
decreased production or deterioration of the credit and capital markets, we would have a reduced
ability to replace our reserves. We may not be able to incur additional bank debt, issue debt or
equity, engage in asset monetization or access other methods of financing on an economic basis to
meet our reserve replacement requirements.

     The amount available for borrowing under our bank credit facility is subject to a borrowing
base, which is determined by our lenders, at their discretion, taking into account our estimated
proved reserves and is subject to periodic redeterminations based on pricing models determined by
the lenders at such time. The decline in natural gas and oil prices in 2008 adversely impacted the
value of our estimated proved reserves and, in turn, the market values used by our lenders to
determine our borrowing base. If commodity prices (particularly natural gas prices) continue to
decline, it will have similar adverse effects on our reserves and borrowing base.

Our future success depends on our ability to replace reserves that we produce

     Because the rate of production from natural gas and oil properties generally declines as
reserves are depleted, our future success depends upon our ability to economically find or acquire
and produce additional natural gas and oil reserves. Except to the extent that we acquire
additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development
activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary
recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Future natural gas
and oil production, therefore, is highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or
finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to find or acquire and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost.

     We acquire significant amounts of unproved property to further our development efforts.
Development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including
the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. We acquire both producing
and unproved properties as well as lease undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance growth
potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects
will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally,
there can be no assurance that unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us
will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be
productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such unproved property
or wells.

12

Table of Contents

Our indebtedness could limit our ability to successfully operate our business

     We are leveraged and our exploration and development program will require substantial capital
resources depending on the level of drilling and the expected cost of services. Our existing
operations will also require ongoing capital expenditures. In addition, if we decide to pursue
additional acquisitions, our capital expenditures will increase, both to complete such acquisitions
and to explore and develop any newly acquired properties.

     The degree to which we are leveraged could have other important consequences, including the
following:

•

we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations
to the payment of our indebtedness, reducing the funds available for our operations;

•

a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, making us vulnerable to
increases in interest rates;

•

we may be more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a
competitive disadvantage;

•

our degree of leverage may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our business or the
general economy;

•

we are subject to numerous financial and other restrictive covenants contained in our
existing credit agreements the breach of which could materially and adversely impact our
financial performance;

•

our debt level could limit our flexibility to grow the business and in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and

•

we may have difficulties borrowing money in the future.

     Despite our current levels of indebtedness, we still may be able to incur substantially more
debt. This could further increase the risks described above. In addition to those risks above, we
may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms.

Our business is subject to operating hazards that could result in substantial losses or liabilities
that may not be fully covered under our insurance policies

     Natural gas and oil operations are subject to many risks, including well blowouts, craterings,
explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, fires, formations with
abnormal pressures, pipeline ruptures or spills, pollution, releases of toxic natural gas and other
environmental hazards and risks. If any of these hazards occur, we could sustain substantial
losses as a result of:

•

injury or loss of life;

•

severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment;

•

pollution or other environmental damage;

•

clean-up responsibilities;

•

regulatory investigations and penalties; or

•

suspension of operations.

     We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential risks and losses. We may
elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive
relative to the risks presented. We have experienced substantial increases in premiums, especially
in areas affected by hurricanes and tropical storms. Insurers have imposed revised limits
affecting how much the insurers will pay on actual storm claims plus the cost to re-drill wells
where substantial damage has been incurred. Insurers are also requiring us to retain larger
deductibles and reducing the scope of what insurable losses will include. Even with the increase
in future insurance premiums, coverage will be reduced, requiring us to bear a greater potential
risk if our natural gas and oil properties are damaged. We do not maintain any business
interruption insurance. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully
insurable. If a significant accident or other event occurs that is not fully covered by insurance,
it could have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to financing and interest rate exposure risks

     Our business and operating results can be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms of
and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. These
changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our ability to pursue acquisition
opportunities, reduce cash flow used for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. For
example, at December 31, 2010, approximately 86% of our debt is at fixed interest rates with the
remaining 14% subject to variable interest rates.

13

Table of Contents

     Continuing disruptions and volatility in the global finance markets may lead to a contraction
in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations. We require continued
access to capital; a significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of
credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and
operating results. We are exposed to some credit risk related to our bank credit facility to the
extent that one or more of our lenders may be unable to provide necessary funding to us under our
existing revolving line of credit if it experiences liquidity problems.

Difficult
conditions in the global capital markets, the credit markets and the
economy in general
may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations

     Global financial markets have been disrupted and volatile and economic conditions remain weak.
As a result of concerns about the stability of financial markets in general and the solvency of
counterparties specifically, the cost of accessing the credit markets
generally has increased, as
many lenders and institutional investors have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending
standards and limited the amount of funding available to borrowers. As a result, we may be unable
to obtain adequate funding under our current credit facility because (i) our lending counterparties
may be unwilling or unable to meet their funding obligations or (ii) the amount we may borrow under
our current credit facility could be reduced as a result of lower natural gas, natural gas liquids
or oil prices, declines in reserves, stricter lending requirements or regulations, or for other
reasons.

     Due to these factors, we cannot be certain that funding will be available on acceptable terms.
If funding is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be
unable to implement our business plans or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or
respond to competitive pressures any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
production, revenues and results of operations.

Hedging transactions may limit our potential gains and involve other risks

     To manage our exposure to price risk, we, from time to time, enter into hedging arrangements,
utilizing commodity derivatives with respect to a significant portion of our future production.
The goal of these hedges is to lock in prices so as to limit volatility and increase the
predictability of cash flow. These transactions limit our potential gains if natural gas and oil
prices rise above the price established by the hedge.

     In addition, hedging transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain
circumstances, including instances in which:

•

our production is less than expected;

•

the counterparties to our futures contracts fail to perform under the contracts; or

•

an event materially impacts natural gas or oil prices or the relationship between the
hedged price index and the natural gas or oil sales price.

     We cannot assure you that any hedging transactions we may enter into will adequately protect
us from declines in the prices of natural gas or oil. On the other hand, where we choose not to
engage in hedging transactions in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes in
natural gas or oil prices than our competitors who engage in hedging transactions.

The recent adoption of derivatives legislation by the United States Congress could have an adverse
effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price,
interest rate and other risks associated with our business.

     The United States Congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes
federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as
us, that participate in that market. The new legislation, known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”), was signed into law by the President on July 21,
2010 and requires the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the SEC to promulgate
rules and regulations implementing the new legislation within 360 days from the date of enactment.
In its rulemaking under the Act, the CFTC has proposed regulations to set position limits for
certain futures and options contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their
economic equivalents. Certain bona fide hedging transactions or positions would be exempt from
these position limits. It is not possible at this time to predict when the CFTC will finalize
these regulations. The financial reform legislation may also require us to comply with margin
requirements and with certain clearing and trade-execution requirements in connection with our
derivative activities, although the application of those provisions to us is uncertain at this
time. The financial reform legislation may also require the counterparties to our derivative
instruments to spin off some of their derivatives activities to a separate entity, which may not be
as creditworthy as the current counterparty. The new legislation and any new regulations could
significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including requirements to post collateral
which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of

14

Table of Contents

derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we
encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, and
increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as
a result of the legislation and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and
our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and
fund capital expenditures. Finally, the legislation was intended, in part, to reduce the
volatility of natural gas and oil prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading
in derivatives and commodity instruments related to natural gas and oil. Our revenues could
therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and regulations is to lower
commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material, adverse effect on us, our
financial condition, and our results of operations.

Many of our current and potential competitors have greater resources than we have and we may not be
able to successfully compete in acquiring, exploring and developing new properties

     We face competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, acquiring
reserves and leases, obtaining goods, services and employees needed to operate and manage our
business and marketing natural gas or oil. Competitors include multinational oil companies,
independent production companies and individual producers and operators. Many of our competitors
have greater financial and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able
to address these competitive factors more effectively than we can or weather industry downturns
more easily than we can.

The demand for field services and their ability to meet that demand may limit our ability to drill
and produce our oil and natural gas properties

     In a rising price environment, such as those experienced in 2007 and early 2008,
well service providers and related equipment and personnel are in short supply. This caused
escalating prices, the possibility of poor services coupled with potential damage to downhole
reservoirs and personnel injuries. Such pressures increase the actual cost of services, extend the
time to secure such services and add costs for damages due to accidents sustained from the over use
of equipment and inexperienced personnel. In some cases, we are operating in areas where services
and infrastructure are limited, or do not exist or in urban areas which are more restrictive.

A change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of our assets by federal, state or local
regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of
our assets, which may cause our revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase

     Section 1(b) of the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”) exempts natural gas gathering facilities
from regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) as a natural gas company under
the NGA. We believe that the natural gas pipelines in our gathering systems meet the traditional
tests FERC has used to establish a pipeline’s status as a gatherer not subject to regulation as a
natural gas company. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and
federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of ongoing litigation, so the
classification and regulation of our gathering facilities are subject to change based on future
determinations by FERC, the courts, or Congress.

     While our natural gas gathering operations are generally exempt from FERC regulation under the
NGA, our gas gathering operations may be subject to certain FERC reporting and posting requirements
in a given year. FERC has recently issued a final rule requiring certain participants in the
natural gas market, including certain gathering facilities and natural gas marketers that engage in
a minimum level of natural gas sales or purchases, to submit annual reports to FERC on the
aggregate volumes of natural gas purchased or sold at wholesale in the prior calendar year to the
extent such transactions utilize, contribute to, or may contribute to, the formation of price
indices. In addition, FERC has issued a final rule requiring major non-interstate pipelines,
defined as certain non-interstate pipelines delivering more than an average of 50 million MMBtu of
gas over the previous three calendar years, to post daily, certain information regarding the
pipeline’s capacity and scheduled flows for each receipt and delivery point that has design
capacity equal to or greater than 15,000 MMBtu per day.

     Other FERC regulations may indirectly impact our businesses and the markets for products
derived from these businesses. FERC’s policies and practices across the range of its natural gas
regulatory activities, including, for example, its policies on open access transportation, gas
quality, ratemaking, capacity release and market center promotion, may indirectly affect the
intrastate natural gas market. In recent years, FERC has pursued pro-competitive policies in its
regulation of interstate natural gas pipelines. However, we cannot assure you that FERC will
continue this approach as it considers matters such as pipelines rates and rules and policies that
may affect rights of access to transportation capacity. For more information regarding the
regulation of our operations, please see “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of this report.

15

Table of Contents

Should we fail to comply with all applicable FERC administered statutes, rules, regulations and
orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines

     Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC has civil penalty authority under the NGA to impose
penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation and disgorgement of
profits associated with any violation. While our operations have not been regulated as a natural
gas company by FERC under the NGA, FERC has adopted regulations that may subject certain of our
otherwise non-FERC jurisdiction facilities to FERC annual reporting and daily scheduled flow and
capacity posting requirements. We also must comply with the anti-market manipulation rules
enforced by FERC. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to those and other matters may be
considered or adopted by FERC from time to time. Failure to comply with those regulations in the
future could subject Range to civil penalty liability. For more information regarding regulation
of our operations, please see “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of this report.

The natural gas and oil industry is subject to extensive regulation

     The natural gas and oil industry is subject to various types of regulations in the United
States by local, state and federal agencies. Legislation affecting the industry is under constant
review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing our regulatory burden. Numerous
departments and agencies, both state and federal, are authorized by statute to issue rules and
regulations binding on participants in the natural gas and oil industry. Compliance with such
rules and regulations often increases our cost of doing business, delays our operations and, in
turn, decreases our profitability.

     Our operations are subject to numerous and increasingly strict federal, state and local laws,
regulations and enforcement policies relating to the environment. We may incur significant costs
and liabilities in complying with existing or future environmental laws, regulations and
enforcement policies and may incur costs arising out of property damage or injuries to employees
and other persons. These costs may result from our current and former operations and even may be
caused by previous owners of property we own or lease or relate to third party sites. Any past,
present or future failure by us to completely comply with environmental laws, regulations and
enforcement policies could cause us to incur substantial fines, sanctions or liabilities from
cleanup costs or other damages. Incurrence of those costs or damages could reduce or eliminate
funds available for exploration, development or acquisitions or cause us to incur losses.

     Climate change is receiving increasing attention from scientists, legislators and governmental
agencies. There is an ongoing debate as to the extent to which our climate is changing, the
potential causes of this change and its potential impacts. Some attribute global warming to
increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide and methane, which has led to
significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

     There are a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas
emissions, which are in various phases of discussion or implementation. The outcome of federal and
state actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs
including potential new regulations to control or restrict emissions, taxes or other charges to
deter emissions of greenhouse gases, energy efficiency requirements to reduce demand, or other
regulatory actions. These actions could:

•

result in increased costs associated with our operations;

•

increase other costs to our business;

•

affect the demand for natural gas; and

•

impact the prices we charge our customers.

     Adoption of federal or state requirements mandating a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions
could have far-reaching and significant impacts on the energy industry and the U.S. economy. We
cannot predict the potential impact of such laws or regulations on our future consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information regarding the
environmental regulation of our business, see “Environment and Occupational Matters” in Item 1 of
this report.

Certain federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil
exploration and development may be eliminated, and additional state taxes on natural gas extraction
may be imposed, as a result of future legislation.

     Legislation has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to
U.S. federal income tax laws, including the elimination of certain U.S. federal income tax benefits
currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies. Such changes include, but
are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas