The Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows can be adversely affected by various risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the principal factors listed below and the other matters set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider all of these risks.

Risks Relating to the Businesses of the Company 

Fluctuations in the costs of paper, ink, energy and other raw materials may adversely impact the Company. 

Purchases
of paper, ink, other raw materials, and energy represent a large portion of the Company’s costs. Increases in the costs of these inputs may increase the Company’s costs, and the Company may not be able to pass these costs on to customers
through higher prices. Increases in the costs of materials may adversely impact our customers’ demand for printing and related services. 

The
financial condition of our customers may deteriorate. 

Many of our customers participate in highly-competitive markets, and their
financial condition may deteriorate as a result. A decline in the financial condition of our customers could hinder the Company’s ability to collect amounts owed by customers. In addition, such a decline could result in lower demand for the
Company’s products and services. 

The Company may not be able to improve its operating efficiency rapidly enough to meet market conditions.

Because the markets in which the Company competes are highly-competitive, the Company must continue to improve its operating
efficiency in order to maintain or improve its profitability. Although the Company has been able to improve efficiency and reduce costs in the past, there is no assurance that it will continue to do so in the future. In addition, the need to reduce
ongoing operating costs may result in significant up-front costs to reduce workforce, close or consolidate facilities, or upgrade equipment and technology. 

The Company may be unable to successfully integrate the operations of acquired businesses and may not achieve the cost savings and increased revenues anticipated as a result of these acquisitions. 

Achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, including the 2005 acquisitions of Astron, Asia Printers, Poligrafia, Charlestown, Spencer and CMCS,
will depend in part upon the Company’s ability to integrate these businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The integration of companies that have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, and the Company
may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. In particular, the coordination of geographically dispersed organizations with differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of
integration. The integration of acquired businesses may also require the dedication of significant management resources, which may temporarily distract management’s attention from the day-to-day operations of the Company. The process of
integrating operations may also cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the Company’s businesses and the loss of key personnel from the Company or the acquired businesses. Employee uncertainty and lack
of focus during the integration process may also disrupt the businesses of the Company or the acquired businesses. The Company’s strategy is, in part, predicated on our ability to realize cost savings and to increase revenues through the
acquisition of businesses that add to the breadth and depth of the Company’s products and services. Achieving these cost savings and revenue increases is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In particular,
the Company may not be able to realize the anticipated cross-selling opportunities, develop and market more comprehensive product and service offerings, or generate anticipated cost savings and revenue growth. 

9 

Table of Contents

The Company may be unable to hire and retain talented employees, including management. 

The Company’s success depends, in part, on our general ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled employees. The loss of a
significant number of the Company’s employees or the inability to attract, hire, develop, train and retain additional skilled personnel could have a serious negative effect on the Company. Although the Company’s manufacturing platform
consists of many locations with a wide geographic dispersion, individual locations may encounter strong competition with other manufacturers for skilled labor. Many of these competitors may be able to offer significantly greater compensation and
benefits or more attractive lifestyle choices than the Company offers. In addition, many members of the Company’s management have significant industry experience that is valuable to the Company’s competitors. The Company does, however,
enter into non-solicitation and non-competition agreements with its executive officers, prohibiting them contractually from leaving and joining a competitor within a specified period. If one or more members of our senior management team leave and we
cannot replace them with a suitable candidate quickly, we could experience difficulty in managing our business properly, which could harm our business prospects and results of operations. 

Costs to provide health care and other benefits to the Company’s employees may increase. 

The Company provides health care and other benefits to both employees and retirees. In recent years, costs for health care have increased more rapidly
than general inflation in the U.S. economy. If this trend in health care costs continues, the Company’s cost to provide such benefits could increase, adversely impacting the Company’s profitability. 

Declines in the general economic conditions may adversely impact the Company’s business. 

In most of the Company’s businesses, demand for products and services is highly correlated with general economic conditions. Declines in economic
conditions in the U.S. or in other countries in which the Company operates may therefore adversely impact the Company’s consolidated financial results. Because such declines in demand are difficult to predict, the Company or the industry may
have increased excess capacity as a result. An increase in excess capacity may result in declines in prices for the Company’s products and services. The overall business climate may also be impacted by wars or acts of terrorism in the countries
in which we operate or other countries. Such acts may have sudden and unpredictable adverse impacts on demand for the Company’s products and services. 

There are risks associated with operations outside the United States. 

The Company has significant operations outside
the United States. Revenues from the Company’s operations outside the United States accounted for approximately 18% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2005. As a result, the Company is subject to
the risks inherent in conducting business outside the United States, including the impact of economic and political instability. 

The Company is
exposed to significant risks related to potential adverse changes in currency exchange rates. 

The Company is exposed to market
risks resulting from changes in the currency exchange rates of the currencies in the countries in which it does business. Although operating in local currencies may limit the impact of currency rate fluctuations on the operating results of our
non-U.S. subsidiaries and business units, fluctuations in such rates may affect the translation of these results into the Company’s financial statements. To the extent revenues and expenses are not in the applicable local currency, the Company
may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the currency risk. We cannot be sure, however, that the Company’s efforts at hedging will be successful. There is always a possibility that attempts to hedge currency risks will lead to
even greater losses than predicted. 

10 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Industry 

The highly competitive market for the Company’s products and industry consolidation may create adverse pricing pressures. 

The markets for the majority of the Company’s product categories are highly fragmented and the Company has a large number of competitors. We believe that excess capacity in the Company’s markets have caused
downward pricing pressure and increased competition. In addition, consolidation in the markets in which the Company competes may increase competitive pricing pressures. 

The substitution of electronic delivery for printed materials may adversely affect our businesses. 

Electronic delivery of documents and data, including the online distribution and hosting of media content, offer alternatives to traditional delivery of printed documents. Consumer acceptance of electronic delivery is uncertain, as is the
extent to which consumers are replacing traditional reading of print materials with online hosted media content, and we have no ability to predict the rates of their acceptance of these alternatives. To the extent that our customers accept these
alternatives, many of our businesses may be adversely affected. 

Changes in the rules and regulations to which the Company is subject may increase
the Company’s costs. 

The Company is subject to numerous rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, environmental
and health and welfare benefit regulations. These rules and regulations may be changed by local, state or federal governments in countries in which the Company operates. Changes in these regulations may result in a significant increase in the
Company’s costs to comply. Compliance with changes in rules and regulations could require increases to the Company’s workforce, increased cost for compensation and benefits, or investments in new or upgraded equipment. 

Changes in the rules and regulations to which our customers are subject may impact demand for the Company’s products and services. 

Many of the Company’s customers are subject to rules and regulations requiring certain printed or electronic communications, governing the form of
such communications, and protecting the privacy of consumers. Changes in these regulations may impact customers’ business practices and could reduce demand for printed products and related services. Changes in such regulations could eliminate
the need for certain types of printed communications altogether or such changes may impact the quantity or format of printed communications. 

Changes
in postal rates and postal regulations may adversely impact demand for the Company’s products and services. 

Postal costs are a
significant component of many of our customers’ cost structures and postal rate changes can influence the number of pieces that the Company’s customers are willing to mail. Any resulting decline in print volumes mailed could have an
adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

Changes in the advertising, retail, and capital markets may impact the demand for printing and
related services. 

Many of the end markets in which our customers compete are experiencing changes due to technological progress and
changes in consumer preferences. The Company cannot predict the impact that these changes will have on demand for the Company’s products and services. Such changes may decrease demand, increase pricing pressures, require investment in updated
equipment and technology, or cause other adverse impacts to the Company’s business. In addition, the Company must monitor changes in our customers’ markets and develop new solutions to meet customers’ needs. The development of such
solutions may be costly, and there is no assurance that these solutions will be accepted by customers. 

11 

Table of Contents