The
Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows can be adversely affected by various risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the principal factors listed below and the other matters set forth in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider all of these risks. 

Risks Relating to the Businesses of the Company

Global market and economic conditions, as well as the effects of these conditions on our customers’ businesses, have adversely
affected the Company and those effects could continue. 

Global economic conditions affect our customers’
businesses and the markets they serve. Demand for advertising tends to correlate with changes in the level of economic activity in the markets our customers serve. Because a significant part of our business relies on our customers’ advertising
spending, a prolonged downturn in the global economy and an uncertain economic outlook has and could further reduce the demand for printing and related services that we provide these customers. Economic weakness and constrained advertising spending
have resulted, and may in the future result, in decreased revenue, operating margin, earnings and growth rates and difficulty in managing inventory levels and collecting accounts receivable. We have experienced, and expect to experience in the
future, reduced demand for our products and services due to economic conditions and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumers’ and businesses’ spending behavior. In addition, customer difficulties have resulted in, and could result
in, increases in bad debt write-offs and our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable. In particular, our exposure to certain industries currently experiencing financial difficulties and certain financially troubled customers could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations. We also have experienced, and expect to experience in the future, operating margin declines in certain businesses, reflecting the effect of items such as competitive pricing pressures, inventory write-downs, cost
increases for wages and materials, and increases in pension and postretirement funding requirements. Economic downturns may also result in restructuring actions and associated expenses and impairment of long-lived assets, including goodwill and
other intangibles. Uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. Delays or reductions in our customers’ spending are expected to have an
adverse effect on demand for our products and services, and consequently our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flow and those adverse effects could be material. 

Adverse credit market conditions may limit our ability to obtain future financing and the cost of any such capital may be higher than in past periods. 

Our access to future financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, our
credit ratings and our credit capacity at the time we pursue such financing. Uncertainty 

9 

Table of Contents

and volatility in global financial markets may cause financial markets institutions to fail or may cause lenders to hoard capital and reduce lending. The failure of a financial institution that
supports our existing credit agreement would reduce the size of our committed facility unless a replacement institution were added. Our current credit ratings are below investment grade and, as a result, our borrowing costs have increased.
Additionally, we may not be able to replace or renew our existing revolving credit facility and /or rollover other existing debt on favorable terms. If adequate capital is not available to us and our internal sources or liquidity prove to be
insufficient, or if future financings require more restrictive covenants, such combination of events could adversely affect our ability to (i) acquire new businesses or enter new markets, (ii) service or refinance our existing debt,
(iii) make necessary capital investments, and (iv) make other expenditures necessary for the ongoing conduct of our business. 

Fluctuations in the costs of paper, ink, energy and other raw materials may adversely impact the Company. 

Purchases of paper, ink, energy and other raw materials represent a large portion of the Company’s costs. Increases in the costs of
these inputs may increase the Company’s costs, and the Company may not be able to pass these costs on to customers through higher prices. In addition, the Company may not be able to resell waste paper and other by-products or may be adversely
impacted by decreases in the prices for these by-products. Increases in the cost of materials may adversely impact our customers’ demand for printing and related services. 

The Company may be adversely affected by a decline in the availability of raw materials. 

The Company is dependent on the availability of paper, ink and other raw materials to support its operations. Unforeseen developments in these markets could result in a decrease in the supply of paper,
ink or other raw materials and could cause a decline in the Company’s revenues. 

The financial condition of our customers may
deteriorate. 

Many of our customers participate in highly competitive markets, and their financial condition may
deteriorate as a result. A decline in the financial condition of our customers would hinder the Company’s ability to collect amounts owed by customers. In addition, such a decline would result in lower demand for the Company’s products and
services. A lack of liquidity in the capital markets or a sustained period of unfavorable economic conditions will increase our exposure to credit risks and result in increases in bad debt write-offs and our allowance for doubtful accounts.

The Company may be unable to improve its operating efficiency rapidly enough to meet market conditions. 

Because the markets in which the Company competes are highly competitive, the Company must continue to improve its operating efficiency in
order to maintain or improve its profitability. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to do so in the future. In addition, the need to reduce ongoing operating costs may result in significant up-front costs to reduce workforce, close
or consolidate facilities, or upgrade equipment and technology. 

The Company may be unable to successfully integrate the operations of
acquired businesses and may not achieve the cost savings and increased revenues anticipated as a result of these acquisitions. 

Achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions will depend in part upon the Company’s ability to integrate these businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The integration of companies that
have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, and the Company may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. In particular, the coordination of geographically dispersed organizations with
differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. The integration of acquired businesses may also require the dedication of significant management resources, which may temporarily distract
management’s attention from the day-to-day operations of the Company. In 

10 

Table of Contents

addition, the process of integrating operations may cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the Company’s businesses and the loss of key personnel
from the Company or the acquired businesses. Further, employee uncertainty and lack of focus during the integration process may disrupt the businesses of the Company or the acquired businesses. The Company’s strategy is, in part, predicated on
our ability to realize cost savings and to increase revenues through the acquisition of businesses that add to the breadth and depth of the Company’s products and services. Achieving these cost savings and revenue increases is dependent upon a
number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, the Company may not be able to realize the benefits of more comprehensive product and service offerings, anticipated integration of sales forces, asset rationalization and
systems integration. 

The Company may be unable to hire and retain talented employees, including management. 

The Company’s success depends, in part, on our general ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled employees. The
loss of a significant number of the Company’s employees or the inability to attract, hire, develop, train and retain additional skilled personnel could have a serious negative effect on the Company. Various locations may encounter competition
with other manufacturers for skilled labor. Many of these competitors may be able to offer significantly greater compensation and benefits or more attractive lifestyle choices than the Company offers. In addition, many members of the Company’s
management have significant industry experience that is valuable to the Company’s competitors. The Company enters into non-solicitation and, as appropriate, non-competition agreements with its executive officers, prohibiting them contractually
from soliciting the Company’s customers and employees and from leaving and joining a competitor within a specified period. If one or more members of our senior management team leave and we cannot replace them with a suitable candidate quickly,
we could experience difficulty in managing our business properly, which could harm our business prospects and consolidated results of operations. 

The trend of increasing costs to provide health care and other benefits to the Company’s employees and retirees may continue. 

The Company provides health care and other benefits to both employees and retirees. In recent years, costs for health care have increased
more rapidly than general inflation in the U.S. economy. If this trend in health care costs continues, the Company’s cost to provide such benefits could increase, adversely impacting the Company’s profitability. Changes to health care
regulations in the U.S. may also increase the Company’s cost of providing such benefits. In addition, the funded status of the Company’s pension and postretirement plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets
and the level of certain market interest rates. Declines in the market value of the securities held by plans, as experienced in prior years, have reduced and could again in the future materially reduce the funded status of the plans. These
reductions have increased the level of expected required pension and postretirement contributions in future years and further increases could occur. Market conditions may lead to changes in the discount rate used to value the year-end benefit
obligations of the plans, which could partially mitigate or worsen the effects of the lower asset returns. If an economic crisis were to continue for an extended period of time, our costs and required cash contributions associated with pension and
postretirement plans may substantially increase in future periods. 

There are risks associated with operations outside the United
States. 

The Company has significant operations outside the United States. Revenues from the Company’s operations
outside the United States accounted for approximately 24% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2011. As a result, the Company is subject to the risks inherent in conducting business outside the United
States, including the impact of economic and political instability of those countries in which we operate. The volatile economic environment has increased the risk of disruption and losses resulting from hyper-inflation, currency devaluation and tax
or regulatory changes in certain countries in which the Company has operations. 

11 

Table of Contents

The Company is exposed to significant risks related to potential adverse changes in currency exchange
rates. 

The Company is exposed to market risks resulting from changes in the currency exchange rates of the currencies
in the countries in which it does business. Although operating in local currencies may limit the impact of currency rate fluctuations on the operating results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, fluctuations in such rates may affect the translation of
these results into the Company’s consolidated financial statements. To the extent revenues and expenses are not in the applicable local currency, the Company may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the currency risk. We
cannot be sure, however, that the Company’s efforts at hedging will be successful and could, in certain circumstances, lead to losses. 

A decline in expected profitability of the Company or individual reporting units of the Company could result in the impairment of assets, including
goodwill, other long-lived assets and deferred tax assets. 

The Company holds material amounts of goodwill, other
long-lived assets and deferred tax assets on its balance sheet. A decline in expected profitability, particularly if there is a decline in the global economy, could call into question the recoverability of our related goodwill, other long-lived
tangible and intangible assets or deferred tax assets and require us to write down or write off these assets or, in the case of deferred tax assets, recognize a valuation allowance through a charge to income. Such an occurrence could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated annual results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

Risks Related to Our Industry

The highly competitive market for the Company’s products and industry consolidation may continue to create adverse pricing
pressures. 

The markets for the majority of the Company’s product categories are highly fragmented and the Company
has a large number of competitors. We believe that excess capacity in the Company’s markets has caused downward pricing pressure and that this trend is likely to continue. In addition, consolidation in the markets in which the Company competes
may increase competitive pricing pressures due to competitors lowering prices as a result of synergies achieved. 

The substitution of
electronic delivery for printed materials may continue adversely to affect our businesses. 

Electronic delivery of
documents and data, including the online distribution and hosting of media content, offer alternatives to traditional delivery of printed documents. Consumers continue to accept electronic substitution in directory and statement printing and are
replacing traditional reading of print materials with online, hosted media content or other e-reading devices. The extent to which consumers will continue to accept electronic delivery is uncertain and it is difficult to predict future rates of
acceptance of these alternatives. Electronic delivery has negatively impacted our products, such as books, directories, forms and statement printing, and to the extent that consumers, our customers and regulators continue to accept these
alternatives, our products will be adversely affected. 

Changes in the rules and regulations to which the Company is subject may
increase the Company’s costs. 

The Company is subject to numerous rules and regulations, including, but not
limited to, product safety, environmental and health and welfare benefit regulations. These rules and regulations may be changed by local, state or federal governments in countries in which the Company operates. Changes in these regulations may
result in a significant increase in the Company’s costs to comply. Compliance with changes in rules and regulations could require increases to the Company’s workforce, increased cost for compensation and benefits, or investments in new or
upgraded equipment. In addition, growing concerns about climate change, including the impact of global warming, may result in new regulations with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) and/or “cap and trade”
legislation. Compliance with this legislation could result in additional costs to the Company. 

12 

Table of Contents

Declines in general economic conditions may adversely impact the Company’s business.

In general, demand for our products and services are highly correlated with general economic conditions. Declines in
economic conditions in the U.S. or in other countries in which the Company operates may adversely impact the Company’s consolidated financial results. Because such declines in demand are difficult to predict, the Company or the industry may
have increased excess capacity as a result. An increase in excess capacity may result in declines in prices for the Company’s products and services. The overall business climate may also be impacted by wars or acts of terrorism. Such acts may
have sudden and unpredictable adverse impacts on demand for the Company’s products and services. 

Changes in the rules and
regulations to which our customers are subject may impact demand for the Company’s products and services. 

Many of
the Company’s customers are subject to rules and regulations requiring certain printed or electronic communications, governing the form of such communications, and protecting the privacy of consumers. Changes in these regulations may impact our
customers’ business practices and could reduce demand for printed products and related services. Changes in such regulations could eliminate the need for certain types of printed communications altogether or such changes may impact the quantity
or format of printed communications. 

Changes in postal rates and regulations may adversely impact demand for the Company’s
products and services. 

Postal costs are a significant component of many of our customers’ cost structures and
postal rate changes can influence the number of pieces and types of mailings that the Company’s customers mail. In addition, the United States Postal Service has incurred significant financial losses in recent years and may, as a result,
implement significant changes to the breadth or frequency of its mail delivery. If implemented, such changes could impact our customers’ ability or willingness to communicate by mail. Declines in print volumes mailed could have an adverse
effect on the Company’s business. 

Changes in the advertising, retail and capital markets may impact the demand for printing and
related services. 

Many of the end markets in which our customers compete are experiencing changes due to technological
progress and changes in consumer preferences. The Company cannot predict the impact that these changes will have on demand for the Company’s products and services. Such changes may decrease demand, increase pricing pressures, require investment
in updated equipment and technology, or cause other adverse impacts to the Company’s business. In addition, the Company must monitor changes in our customers’ markets and develop new solutions to meet customers’ needs. The development
of such solutions may be costly, and there is no assurance that these solutions will be accepted by customers.