— “Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions
 could impose costs on our operations, the magnitude of which we
 cannot yet estimate.” Many state regulatory agencies also
 currently require monitoring systems for the collection and
 control of certain landfill gas.

 •  

 The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970
 (OSHA). OSHA authorizes the Occupational Safety and
 Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor to
 promulgate occupational safety and health standards. A number of
 these standards, including standards for notices of hazardous
 chemicals and the handling of asbestos, apply to our facilities
 and operations.

 State and Local Regulation.
 Each state in
 which we operate has its own laws and regulations governing
 solid waste disposal, water and air pollution, and, in most
 cases, releases and cleanup of hazardous substances and
 liabilities for such matters. States also have adopted
 regulations governing the design, operation, maintenance and
 closure of landfills and transfer stations. Some counties,
 municipalities and other local governments have adopted similar
 laws and regulations. Our facilities and operations are likely
 to be subject to these types of requirements. In addition, our
 solid waste collection and landfill operations may be affected
 by the trend in many states toward requiring the development of
 solid waste reduction and recycling programs. For example,
 several states have enacted laws that require counties or
 municipalities to adopt comprehensive plans to reduce, through
 solid waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs,
 the volume of solid waste deposited in

 13

Table of Contents

 landfills. Additionally, laws and regulations restricting the
 disposal of certain waste in solid waste landfills, including
 yard waste, newspapers, beverage containers, unshredded tires,
 lead-acid batteries, electronic wastes and household appliances,
 have been promulgated in several states and are being considered
 in others. Legislative and regulatory measures to mandate or
 encourage waste reduction at the source and waste recycling also
 have been or are under consideration by the U.S. Congress
 and the EPA.

 To construct, operate and expand a landfill, we must obtain one
 or more construction or operating permits, as well as zoning and
 land use approvals. These permits and approvals may be difficult
 and time-consuming to obtain and to operate in compliance with,
 are often opposed by neighboring landowners and citizens’
 groups, may be subject to periodic renewal, and are subject to
 denial, modification, non-renewal and revocation by the issuing
 agency. In connection with our acquisition of existing
 landfills, we may be required to expend considerable time,
 effort and money to bring the acquired facilities into
 compliance with applicable requirements and to obtain the
 permits and approvals necessary to increase their capacity.

 Other Regulations.
 Many of our facilities own
 and operate underground storage tanks that are generally used to
 store petroleum-based products. These tanks are generally
 subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that
 mandate their periodic testing, upgrading, closure and removal,
 and that, in the event of leaks, require that polluted
 groundwater and soils be remediated. We believe that all of our
 underground storage tanks currently meet all applicable
 regulations. If underground storage tanks we own or operate
 leak, we could be liable for response costs and, if the leakage
 migrates onto the property of others, we could be liable for
 damages to third parties. We are unaware of facts indicating
 that issues of compliance with regulations related to
 underground storage tanks will have a material adverse effect on
 our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or
 cash flows.

 With regard to our solid waste transportation operations, we are
 subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board
 and are regulated by the Federal Highway Administration, Office
 of Motor Carriers, and by regulatory agencies in states that
 regulate such matters. Various states and local government
 authorities have enacted or promulgated, or are considering
 enacting or promulgating, laws and regulations that would
 restrict the transportation of solid waste across state, county,
 or other jurisdiction lines. In 1978, the U.S. Supreme
 Court ruled that a law that restricts the importation of
 out-of-state
 solid waste was unconstitutional; however, states have attempted
 to distinguish proposed laws from those involved in and
 implicated by that ruling. In 1994, the Supreme Court ruled that
 a flow control law, which attempted to restrict solid waste from
 leaving its place of generation, imposed an impermissible burden
 upon interstate commerce, and, therefore, was unconstitutional.
 In 2007, the Supreme Court upheld the right of a local
 government to direct the flow of solid waste to a publicly owned
 waste facility. A number of county and other local jurisdictions
 have enacted ordinances or other regulations restricting the
 free movement of solid waste across jurisdictional boundaries.
 Other governments may enact similar regulations in the future.
 These regulations may, in some cases, cause a decline in volumes
 of waste delivered to our landfills or transfer stations and may
 increase our costs of disposal, thereby adversely affecting our
 operations.

 Liabilities Established for Landfill and Environmental
 Costs.
 We have established liabilities for landfill
 and environmental costs, which include landfill site final
 capping, closure and post-closure costs. We periodically
 reassess such costs based on various methods and assumptions
 regarding landfill airspace and the technical requirements of
 Subtitle D of RCRA, and we adjust our rates used to expense
 final capping, closure and post-closure costs accordingly. Based
 on current information and regulatory requirements, we believe
 that our liabilities recorded for such landfill and
 environmental expenditures are adequate. However, environmental
 laws may change, and we cannot assure you that our recorded
 liabilities will be adequate to cover requirements under
 existing or new environmental laws and regulations, future
 changes or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or
 adverse environmental conditions previously unknown to us.

 Liability
 Insurance and Bonding

 The nature of our business exposes us to the risk of liabilities
 arising out of our operations, including possible damages to the
 environment. Such potential liabilities could involve, for
 example, claims for remediation costs, personal injury, property
 damage and damage to the environment in cases where we may be
 held

 14

Table of Contents

 responsible for the escape of harmful materials; claims of
 employees, customers or third parties for personal injury or
 property damage occurring in the course of our operations; or
 claims alleging negligence or other wrongdoing in the planning
 or performance of work. We could also be subject to fines and
 civil and criminal penalties in connection with alleged
 violations of regulatory requirements. Because of the nature and
 scope of the possible environmental damages, liabilities imposed
 in environmental litigation can be significant. Our solid waste
 operations have third party environmental liability insurance
 with limits in excess of those required by permit regulations,
 subject to certain limitations and exclusions. However, we
 cannot assure you that such environmental liability insurance
 would be adequate, in scope or amount, in the event of a major
 loss, nor can we assure you that we would continue to carry
 excess environmental liability insurance should market
 conditions in the insurance industry make such coverage costs
 prohibitive.

 We have general liability, vehicle liability, employment
 practices liability, pollution liability, directors and
 officers’ liability, workers’ compensation and
 employer’s liability coverage, as well as umbrella
 liability policies to provide excess coverage over the
 underlying limits contained in these primary policies. We also
 carry property insurance. Although we try to operate safely and
 prudently and we have, subject to limitations and exclusions,
 substantial liability insurance, we cannot assure you that we
 will not be exposed to uninsured liabilities that could have a
 material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Our insurance programs for workers’ compensation, general
 liability, vehicle liability and employee-related health care
 benefits are effectively self-insured. Claims in excess of
 self-insurance levels are insured subject to the excess policy
 limits and exclusions. Accruals are based on claims filed and
 actuarial estimates of claims development and claims incurred
 but not reported. Due to the variable condition of the insurance
 market, we have experienced, and may experience in the future,
 increased self-insurance retention levels and increased
 premiums. As we assume more risk for self-insurance through
 higher retention levels, we may experience more variability in
 our self-insurance reserves and expense.

 In the normal course of business, we post performance bonds,
 insurance policies, letters of credit, or cash or marketable
 securities deposits in connection with municipal residential
 collection contracts, the operation, closure or post-closure of
 landfills, environmental remediation, environmental permits, and
 business licenses and permits as a financial guarantee of our
 performance. To date, we have satisfied financial responsibility
 requirements by making cash or marketable securities deposits or
 by obtaining bank letters of credit, insurance policies or
 surety bonds.

 Employees

 As of December 31, 2009, we employed approximately
 31,000 full-time employees, approximately 27% of whom were
 covered by collective bargaining agreements. From time to time,
 our operating locations may experience union organizing efforts.
 We have not historically experienced any significant work
 stoppages. We currently have no disputes or bargaining
 circumstances that we believe could cause significant
 disruptions in our business. Our management believes that we
 have good relations with our employees.

 Availability
 of Reports and Other Information

 Our corporate website is
 http://www.republicservices.com.
 We make available on this website, free of charge, access to our
 Annual Reports on

Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on

Form 8-K,
 Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and amendments to those
 materials filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. We make such
 materials available as soon as reasonably practicable after we
 electronically submit them to the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (SEC). Our corporate website also contains our
 Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Charters of
 the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Audit
 Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
 In addition, the SEC website is

http://www.sec.gov.
 The SEC makes available on this website, free of charge,
 reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
 regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the
 SEC. Information on our website or the SEC website is not part
 of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K.
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under
 Item 5.05 of

 15

Table of Contents

 Form 8-K
 and applicable New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules regarding
 amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics by posting this
 information on our website at 
www.republicservices.com.



 This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 contains certain forward-looking information about us that is
 intended to be covered by the safe harbor for
 “forward-looking statements” provided by the Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
 statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words
 such as “expect,” “will,” “may,”
 “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,”
 “project,” “intend,” “should,”
 “can,” “likely,” “could” and
 similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
 statements. These statements include statements about the
 expected benefits of the merger, our plans, strategies and
 prospects. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
 performance. These statements are based upon the current beliefs
 and expectations of our management and are subject to risk and
 uncertainties, including the risks set forth below in these risk
 factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially
 from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the
 forward-looking information and statements.

 In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions and factors,
 the results anticipated by the forward-looking statements
 discussed in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on these
 forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of
 this Annual Report on

Form 10-K.
 Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation,
 we undertake no obligation to update or publish revised
 forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
 after the date of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

 We
 have substantial indebtedness, which may limit our financial
 flexibility.

 As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately
 $7.4 billion in principal value of debt and capital leases
 outstanding. This amount of indebtedness and our debt service
 requirements may limit our financial flexibility to access
 additional capital and make capital expenditures and other
 investments in our business, to withstand economic downturns and
 interest rate increases, to plan for or react to changes in our
 business and our industry, and to comply with the financial and
 other restrictive covenants of our debt instruments. Further,
 our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants
 contained in our debt instruments may be affected by changes in
 economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond
 our control. If we do not comply with these covenants and
 restrictions, we may be required to take actions such as
 reducing or delaying capital expenditures, reducing dividends,
 selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our
 existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital.

 The
 downturn in the U.S. economy may continue to have an adverse
 impact on our operating results.

 A weak economy generally results in decreases in the volumes of
 waste generated. In 2009, weakness in the U.S. economy had
 a negative effect on our revenue, operating results and
 operating cash flows. The current and previous economic
 slowdowns have negatively impacted the portion of our collection
 business servicing the manufacturing and construction industries
 and our proceeds from sales of recycled commodities. As a result
 of the global economic crisis, we may experience the negative
 effects of increased competitive pricing pressure and customer
 turnover as well. We cannot assure you that worsening economic
 conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a
 significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, we
 cannot assure you that an improvement in economic conditions
 will result in an immediate, or any, improvement in our
 consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 The
 downturn in the U.S. economy may expose us to credit risk for
 amounts due from governmental agencies, large national accounts
 and others.

 The weak U.S. economy has reduced the amount of taxes
 collected by various governmental agencies. We provide services
 to a number of these agencies including numerous municipalities.
 These governmental agencies may suffer financial difficulties
 resulting from a decrease in tax revenue and may ultimately be

 16

Table of Contents

 unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. In addition, the
 weak economy may cause other customers, including our large
 national accounts, to suffer financial difficulties and
 ultimately to be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us.
 This could have a negative impact on our consolidated financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 The
 downturn in the U.S. economy and in the financial markets could
 expose us to counter-party risk associated with our
 derivatives.

 To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in various commodities
 and interest rates, we have entered into a number of derivative
 agreements. These derivative agreements require us or the
 counter-party to such agreements to make payments to the other
 party if the price of certain commodities or interest rates vary
 from a specified amount. A continued downturn in the
 U.S. economy or in the financial markets could adversely
 impact the financial stability of the counter-parties with which
 we do business, potentially limiting their ability to fulfill
 their obligations under our derivative agreements. This could
 have a negative impact on our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 The
 waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors
 that may have greater financial and operational resources,
 flexibility to reduce prices and other competitive advantages
 that could make it difficult for us to compete
 effectively.

 We principally compete with large national waste management
 companies, municipalities and numerous regional and local
 companies for collection and disposal accounts. Competition for
 collection accounts is primarily based on price and the quality
 of services. Competition for disposal business is primarily
 based on disposal costs, geographic location and quality of
 operations. Some of our competitors may have greater financial
 and operational resources than us. Many counties and
 municipalities that operate their own waste collection and
 disposal facilities have the benefits of tax revenue or
 tax-exempt financing. Our ability to obtain solid waste volume
 for our landfills may also be limited by the fact that some
 major collection companies also own or operate landfills to
 which they send their waste. In markets in which we do not own
 or operate a landfill, our collection operations may operate at
 a disadvantage to fully integrated competitors. As a result of
 these factors, we may have difficulty competing effectively from
 time to time or in certain markets. If we were to lower prices
 to address these competitive issues, it could negatively impact
 our revenue growth and profitability.

 Price
 increases may not be adequate to offset the impact of increased
 costs and may cause us to lose volume.

 We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset increased
 costs (including fuel and environmental costs), to improve
 operating margins and to obtain adequate returns on our
 substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. From
 time to time, our competitors may reduce their prices in an
 effort to expand their market share. Contractual, general
 economic or market-specific conditions may also limit our
 ability to raise prices. As a result, we may be unable to offset
 increases in costs, improve our operating margins and obtain
 adequate investment returns through price increases. We may also
 lose volume to lower-cost competitors.

 Increases
 in the cost of fuel or petrochemicals will increase our
 operating expenses, and we cannot assure you that we will be
 able to recover fuel or oil cost increases from our
 customers.

 We depend on fuel to run our collection and transfer trucks and
 other equipment used for collection, transfer, and disposal. We
 buy fuel in the open market. Fuel prices are unpredictable and
 can fluctuate significantly based on events beyond our control,
 including geopolitical developments, actions by the Organization
 of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil and gas
 producers, supply and demand for oil and gas, war, terrorism and
 unrest in oil-producing countries, and regional production
 patterns. We may not be able to offset such volatility through
 fuel surcharges. For example, our fuel costs were
 $349.8 million in 2009, representing 7.2% of our cost of
 operations compared to $235.3 million in 2008, representing
 9.7% of our cost of operations. This decrease in fuel
 costs as a percent of our cost of operations primarily reflects
 a decrease in the price of fuel.

 17

Table of Contents

 In order to manage our exposure to volatility in fuel prices, we
 have entered into multiple swap agreements whereby we receive or
 make payments to counter-parties if the price of fuel varies
 from a specified amount. However, we do not hedge our entire
 fuel usage. During 2009, only 6.4% of our fuel purchases were
 hedged.

 Over the last several years, regulations have been adopted
 mandating the reduction of vehicle tail pipe emissions and, in
 October 2009, the EPA indicated it will establish the first
 U.S. standards for greenhouse gas emissions from
 automobiles. The regulations could affect the type of fuel our
 trucks use and could materially increase the cost and
 consumption of our fuel. Our operations also require the use of
 products (such as liners at our landfills) whose costs may vary
 with the price of petrochemicals. An increase in the price of
 petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which
 would increase our operating and capital costs. We are also
 susceptible to increases in indirect fuel surcharges from our
 vendors.

 Fluctuations
 in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers may
 adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows.

 We process recyclable materials such as paper, cardboard,
 plastics, aluminum and other metals for sale to third parties.
 Our results of operations may be affected by changing prices or
 market requirements for recyclable materials. The resale and
 purchase prices of, and market demand for, recyclable materials
 can be volatile due to changes in economic conditions and
 numerous other factors beyond our control. These fluctuations
 may affect our consolidated financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Adverse
 weather conditions may limit our operations and increase the
 costs of collection and disposal.

 Our collection and landfill operations could be adversely
 impacted by extended periods of inclement weather, or by
 increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting in
 the future from climate change, any of which could increase the
 volume of waste collected under our existing contracts (without
 corresponding compensation), interfere with collection and
 landfill operations, delay the development of landfill capacity
 or reduce the volume of waste generated by our customers. In
 addition, adverse weather conditions may result in the temporary
 suspension of our operations, which can significantly affect our
 operating results in the affected regions during those periods.

 We
 currently have matters pending with the Internal Revenue Service
 (the “IRS”), which could result in large cash
 expenditures and could have a material adverse impact on our
 operating results and cash flows.

 We are currently under examination by the IRS with regard to
 Allied’s federal income tax returns for tax years 2007 and
 2008, and Allied’s 2000 through 2006 federal income tax
 returns are at appeals. Republic is under audit for its 2007 and
 2008 federal income tax returns, and under examination for its
 2008 federal income tax return.

 During its examination of Allied’s 2002 tax year, the IRS
 asserted that a 2002 redemption of four partnership interests in
 waste-to-energy
 businesses should have been recharacterized as disguised sale
 transactions. This issue is currently before the Appeals
 Division of the IRS. The Company believes its position is
 supported by relevant technical authorities and strong business
 purpose and we intend to vigorously defend our position on this
 matter. The potential tax and interest through December 31,
 2009 (to the extent unpaid) have been fully reserved in our
 consolidated balance sheet. A disallowance would not materially
 affect our consolidated results of operations; however, a
 deficiency payment would adversely impact our cash flow in the
 period the payment was made. The accrual of additional interest
 charges through the time this matter is resolved will affect our
 consolidated results of operations. In addition, the successful
 assertion by the IRS of penalty and penalty-related interest in
 connection with this matter could have a material adverse impact
 on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 Additionally, during its examination of Allied’s 2000
 through 2003 tax years, the IRS proposed that certain landfill
 costs be allocated to the collection and control of methane gas
 that is naturally emitted from landfills. The IRS’ position
 is that the methane gas emitted by a landfill constitutes a
 joint product resulting from landfill operations and, therefore,
 associated costs should not be expensed until the methane gas is
 sold or otherwise disposed. We believe we have several
 meritorious defenses, including the fact that methane gas is

 18

Table of Contents

 not actively produced for sale by us but rather arises naturally
 in the context of providing disposal services. Therefore, we
 believe that the resolution of this issue will not have a
 material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position,
 results of operations or cash flows.

 For additional information on these matters, see Note 10,
 Income Taxes, to our consolidated financial statements in
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K.

 Other matters may also arise in the course of tax audits that
 could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows.

 We may
 be unable to execute our financial strategy.

 Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends on our
 ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our senior debt.
 The credit rating process is contingent upon a number of
 factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure
 you that we will be able to maintain our investment grade
 ratings in the future. Our interest expense would increase and
 our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms may be
 adversely affected should we fail to maintain investment grade
 ratings.

 Our financial strategy is also dependent on our ability to
 generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing
 business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste
 businesses, pay dividends, reduce indebtedness and minimize
 borrowings, and take other actions to enhance shareholder value.
 We cannot assure you that: we will be successful in executing
 our broad-based pricing program; we will generate sufficient
 cash flow to execute our financial strategy; we will be able to
 pay cash dividends at our present rate, that we will be able to
 increase the amount of such dividends, or that we will be able
 to reinstitute our share repurchase program.

 A
 downgrade in our bond ratings could adversely affect our
 liquidity by increasing the cost of debt and financial assurance
 instruments.

 While downgrades of our bond ratings may not have an immediate
 impact on our cost of debt or liquidity, they may impact our
 cost of debt and liquidity over the near to medium term. If the
 rating agencies downgrade our debt, this may increase the
 interest rate we must pay to issue new debt, and it may even
 make it prohibitively expensive for us to issue new debt. If our
 debt ratings are downgraded, future access to financial
 assurance markets at a reasonable cost, or at all, also may be
 adversely impacted.

 The
 solid waste industry is a capital-intensive industry and the
 amount we spend on capital expenditures may exceed current
 expectations, which could require us to obtain additional
 funding for our operations or impair our ability to grow our
 business.

 Our ability to remain competitive and to grow and expand our
 operations largely depends on our cash flow from operations and
 access to capital. If our capital efficiency programs are unable
 to offset the impact of inflation and business growth, it may be
 necessary to increase the amount we spend. Additionally, if we
 make acquisitions or further expand our operations, the amount
 we expend on capital, capping, closure, post-closure and
 environmental remediation expenditures will increase. Our cash
 needs also will increase if the expenditures for capping,
 closure, post-closure and remediation activities increase above
 our current estimates, which may occur over a long period due to
 changes in federal, state or local government requirements and
 other factors beyond our control. Increases in expenditures
 would negatively impact our cash flows.

 Over the last several years, regulations have been adopted
 mandating the reduction of vehicle tail pipe emissions. These
 regulations have caused some increases in the costs of the
 collection vehicles we buy. The EPA recently has indicated it
 intends to adopt further regulations addressing greenhouse gas
 emissions from automobiles. As a result, we could experience an
 increase in capital costs. This also could cause an increase in
 vehicle operating costs or a reduction in operating efficiency.
 We may reduce the number of vehicles we purchase until
 manufacturers adopt the new standards to increase efficiency.

 19

Table of Contents

 We may
 be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand
 existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could
 decrease our revenue and increase our costs.

 We cannot assure you that we will successfully obtain or
 maintain the permits we require to operate our business because
 permits to operate non-hazardous solid waste landfills and to
 expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills have become
 more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. Permits
 often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and
 compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and
 other regulations. These permits are also often subject to
 resistance from citizen or other groups and other political
 pressures. Local communities and citizen groups, adjacent
 landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a
 permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits
 under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which
 we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for
 environmental damage. Responding to these challenges has, at
 times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with
 establishing new facilities and expanding existing facilities.
 In addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval
 may prohibit us from establishing new facilities, maintaining
 permits for our facilities or expanding existing facilities. Our
 failure to obtain the required permits to operate our
 non-hazardous solid waste landfills could have a material
 adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may have to
 dispose collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors
 or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our
 landfills, either of which could significantly increase our
 waste disposal costs.

 The waste industry is subject to extensive government
 regulation, and existing or future regulations may restrict our
 operations, increase our costs of operations or require us to
 make additional capital expenditures.

 If we
 inadequately accrue for landfill capping, closure and
 post-closure costs, our financial condition and results of
 operations may be adversely affected.

 A landfill must be closed and capped, and post-closure
 maintenance commenced, once the permitted capacity of the
 landfill is reached and additional capacity is not authorized.
 We have significant financial obligations relating to capping,
 closure and post-closure costs at our existing owned or operated
 landfills, and will have material financial obligations with
 respect to any future owned or operated landfills. We establish
 accruals for the estimated costs associated with capping,
 closure and post-closure financial obligations. We could
 underestimate such accruals, and our financial obligations for
 capping, closure or post-closure costs could exceed the amount
 accrued or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust funds
 established for this purpose. Such a shortfall could result in
 significant unanticipated charges to income. Additionally, if a
 landfill is required to be closed earlier than expected or its
 remaining airspace is reduced for any other reason, the accruals
 for capping, closure and post-closure could be required to be
 accelerated, which could have a material adverse impact on our
 consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 We
 cannot assure you that we will continue to operate our landfills
 at current volumes due to the use of alternatives to landfill
 disposal caused by state requirements or voluntary
 initiatives.

 Most of the states in which we operate landfills require
 counties and municipalities to formulate comprehensive plans to
 reduce the volume of solid waste deposited in landfills through
 waste planning, composting and recycling, or other programs.
 Some state and local governments mandate waste reduction at the
 source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of wastes,
 such as yard waste, at landfills. Although such actions are
 useful in protecting our environment, these actions, as well as
 voluntary private initiatives by customers to reduce waste or
 seek disposal alternatives, have and may in the future reduce
 the volume of waste going to landfills in certain areas. If this
 occurs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our
 landfills at their current volumes or charge current prices for
 landfill disposal services due to the decrease in demand for
 such services.

 20

Table of Contents

 The
 possibility of landfill and transfer station site development
 projects, expansion projects or pending acquisitions not being
 completed or certain other events could result in a material
 charge to income.

 We capitalize certain expenditures relating to development,
 expansion and other projects. If a facility or operation is
 permanently shut down or determined to be impaired, or a
 development or expansion project is not completed or is
 determined to be impaired, we will charge any unamortized
 capitalized expenditures to income relating to such facility or
 project that we are unable to recover through sale, transfer or
 otherwise. In future periods, we may incur charges against
 earnings in accordance with this policy, or other events may
 cause impairments. Such charges could have a material adverse
 impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to costly environmental regulations and flow-control
 regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our
 operations and subject us to additional liability.

 Complying with laws and regulations governing the use,
 treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of solid and hazardous
 wastes and materials, air quality, water quality and the
 remediation of contamination associated with the release of
 hazardous substances is costly. Laws and regulations often
 require us to enhance or replace our equipment and to modify
 landfill operations or initiate final closure of a landfill. We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to implement price
 increases sufficient to offset the costs of complying with these
 laws and regulations. In addition, environmental regulatory
 changes could accelerate or increase expenditures for capping,
 closure and post-closure, and environmental and remediation
 activities at solid waste facilities and obligate us to spend
 sums in addition to those presently accrued for such purposes.

 Our collection, transfer, and landfill operations are, and may
 in the future continue to be, affected by state or local laws or
 regulations that restrict the transportation of solid waste
 across state, county or other jurisdictional lines. Such laws
 and regulations could negatively affect our operations,
 resulting in declines in landfill volumes and increased costs of
 alternate disposal.

 In addition to the costs of complying with environmental
 regulations, we incur costs to defend against litigation brought
 by government agencies and private parties who may allege we are
 in violation of our permits and applicable environmental laws
 and regulations, or who assert claims alleging environmental
 damage, personal injury or property damage. As a result, we may
 be required to pay fines or implement corrective measures, or we
 may have our permits and licenses modified or revoked. A
 significant judgment against us, the loss of a significant
 permit or license, or the imposition of a significant fine could
 have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. We establish
 accruals for our estimates of the costs associated with our
 environmental obligations. We could underestimate such accruals
 and remediation costs could exceed amounts accrued. Such
 shortfalls could result in significant unanticipated charges to
 income.

 Regulation
 of greenhouse gas emissions could impose costs on our
 operations, the magnitude of which we cannot yet
 estimate.

 Efforts to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs), to
 ameliorate the effect of climate change, continue to advance on
 the federal, regional, and state level. Our landfill operations
 emit methane, identified as a GHG. In June 2009, the
 U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill that would
 regulate GHGs comprehensively. While the centerpiece of that
 bill would be a GHG emission allowance
 cap-and-trade
 system, landfills would not be compelled to hold allowances for
 their GHG emissions. Rather, they would be subject to certain
 further emission controls to be determined through
 administrative rule-making. Senate passage of counterpart
 legislation, and whether such legislation would treat landfills
 in the same manner, is uncertain. Should comprehensive federal
 climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it to impose
 costs on our operations, the materiality of which we cannot
 predict.

 Absent comprehensive federal legislation to control GHG
 emissions, EPA is moving ahead administratively under its
 existing Clean Air Act authority. In October 2009, EPA published
 a Proposed Prevention of Significant Deterioration and
 Title V Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule (“PSD tailoring
 rule”). The proposed rule would set new thresholds for GHG
 emissions that define when Clean Air Act permits would be
 required and

 21

Table of Contents

 would “tailor” these programs to limit which
 facilities would be required to obtain permits. EPA’s legal
 authority to “tailor” this rule in the manner it
 proposed has been challenged. If finalized as proposed, many of
 our landfills would be subject to the PSD tailoring rule, which
 could require permit amendments and additional emission
 controls. In December 2009, EPA finalized its finding that six
 GHGs endanger public health. While EPA made its finding in the
 context of regulating air emissions from motor vehicles, other
 Clean Air Act provisions appear to compel EPA to make comparable
 findings for stationary sources, such as landfills. We cannot
 predict the requirements or effective date of stationary source
 rules that might apply to landfills as a result of this
 endangerment finding and, accordingly, we cannot assure you that
 further developments in this area will not have a material
 effect on our landfill operations or on our consolidated
 financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

 We may
 have potential environmental liabilities that are not covered by
 our insurance. Changes in insurance markets also may impact our
 financial results.

 We may incur liabilities for the deterioration of the
 environment as a result of our operations. We maintain high
 deductibles for our environmental liability insurance coverage.
 If we were to incur substantial liability for environmental
 damage, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover such
 liability. This could have a material adverse impact on our
 consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 Also, due to the variable condition of the insurance market, we
 may experience future increases in self-insurance levels as a
 result of increased retention levels and increased premiums. As
 we assume more risk for self-insurance through higher retention
 levels, we may experience more variability in our self-insurance
 reserves and expense.

 Despite
 our efforts, we may incur additional hazardous substances
 liability in excess of amounts presently known and
 accrued.

 We are a potentially responsible party at many sites under
 CERCLA, which provides for the remediation of contaminated
 facilities and imposes strict, joint and several liability for
 the cost of remediation on current owners and operators of a
 facility at which there has been a release or a threatened
 release of a “hazardous substance,” on parties who
 were site owners and operators at the time hazardous substances
 were disposed of, and on persons who arrange for the disposal of
 such substances at the facility (i.e., generators of the waste
 and transporters who selected the disposal site). Hundreds of
 substances are defined as “hazardous” under CERCLA and
 their presence, even in minute amounts, can result in
 substantial liability. Notwithstanding our efforts to comply
 with applicable regulations and to avoid transporting and
 receiving hazardous substances, we may have additional liability
 under CERCLA or similar laws in excess of our current reserves
 because such substances may be present in waste collected by us
 or disposed of in our landfills, or in waste collected,
 transported or disposed of in the past by companies we have
 acquired. Actual costs for these liabilities could be
 significantly greater than amounts presently accrued for these
 purposes, which could have a material adverse impact on our
 consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 Currently
 pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could
 result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or
 settlements.

 We are, and from time to time become, involved in lawsuits,
 regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal
 proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business.
 Many of these matters raise difficult and complicated factual
 and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties and
 complexities. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits,
 regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal
 proceedings is uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes or
 resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or
 settlements, either of which could require substantial payments,
 adversely affecting our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 22

Table of Contents

 We may
 experience difficulties completing the integration of
 Allied’s business, and we may incur unexpected expenses in
 connection with that integration.

 Achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger with Allied
 will depend significantly on whether we can continue to
 integrate Allied’s business in an efficient and effective
 manner. The ongoing integration may result in additional and
 unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the
 integration plan may not be fully realized. We may not be able
 to accomplish the integration process smoothly, successfully or
 on a timely basis. Any inability of our management to
 successfully and timely integrate the operations of the two
 companies could have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 We may
 not realize the anticipated synergies and related benefits from
 the merger with Allied fully or within the timing
 anticipated.

 We believe our merger with Allied has been and will continue to
 be beneficial to our stockholders as a result of the actual and
 anticipated synergies resulting from the combined operations.
 While we are currently ahead of our original timeline, we may
 not be able to achieve the anticipated operating and cost
 synergies or the long-term strategic benefits of the merger
 fully or within the timing anticipated. For example, elimination
 of duplicative costs may not be fully achieved or may take
 longer than anticipated. For at least the first year after an
 acquisition, and possibly longer, the benefits from the
 acquisition will be offset by the costs incurred in integrating
 the businesses and operations. The inability to realize the full
 extent of the anticipated synergies or other benefits of the
 merger, or our encountering unexpected costs or delays in the
 integration process (which may delay the timing of such
 synergies or other benefits), could have a material adverse
 effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 We may
 be unable to manage our growth effectively.

 Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial,
 operational and management resources. To continue our growth, we
 may need to add administrative and other personnel, and will
 need to make additional investments in operations and systems.
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train
 qualified personnel, or do so on a timely basis, or expand our
 operations and systems to the extent, and in the time, required.

 We may
 be unable to execute our acquisition growth
 strategy.

 Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on
 our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition
 candidates as well as our ability to successfully consolidate
 acquired operations into our business. The consolidation of our
 operations with those of acquired companies may present
 significant challenges to our management. In addition,
 competition among our competitors for acquisition candidates may
 prevent us from acquiring certain acquisition candidates. As
 such, we cannot assure you that:

 •  

 desirable acquisition candidates exist or will be identified;

 •  

 we will be able to acquire any of the candidates identified;

 •  

 we will effectively consolidate companies we acquire; or

 •  

 any acquisitions will be profitable or accretive to our earnings.

 If any of the aforementioned factors force us to alter our
 growth strategy, our growth prospects could be adversely
 affected.

 Businesses
 we acquire may have undisclosed liabilities.

 In pursuing our acquisition strategy, our due diligence
 investigations of the acquisition candidates may fail to
 discover certain undisclosed liabilities of the acquisition
 candidates. If we acquire a company having undisclosed
 liabilities such as environmental, remediation or contractual,
 as a successor owner we may be responsible for such undisclosed
 liabilities. We expect to try to minimize our exposure to such
 liabilities by

 23

Table of Contents

 conducting due diligence, by obtaining indemnification from each
 of the sellers of the acquired companies, by deferring payment
 of a portion of the purchase price as security for the
 indemnification and by acquiring only specified assets. However,
 we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain
 indemnification or that any indemnification obtained will be
 enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or
 duration to fully offset any undisclosed liabilities arising
 from our acquisitions.

 Our
 consolidated financial statements are based on estimates and
 assumptions that may differ from actual results.

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
 accordance with U.S. GAAP and necessarily include amounts based
 on estimates and assumptions made by management. Actual results
 could differ from these amounts. Significant items requiring
 management to make subjective or complex judgments about matters
 that are inherently uncertain include the carrying value of
 long-lived assets, the depletion and amortization of landfill
 development costs, accruals for final capping, closure and
 post-closure costs, valuation allowances for accounts receivable
 and deferred tax assets, liabilities for potential litigation,
 claims and assessments, and liabilities for environmental
 remediation, employee benefit and pension plans, deferred taxes,
 uncertain tax positions and self-insurance.

 We cannot assure you that the liabilities recorded for landfill
 and environmental costs will be adequate to cover the
 requirements of existing environmental regulations, future
 changes to or interpretations of existing regulations, or the
 identification of adverse environmental conditions previously
 unknown to management.

 The
 introduction of new accounting rules, laws or regulations could
 adversely impact our results of operations.

 Complying with new accounting rules, laws or regulations could
 adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations
 or cash flows, or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our
 results of operations in future periods.

 We may
 be subject to workforce influences, including work stoppages,
 which could increase our operating costs and disrupt our
 operations.

 As of December 31, 2009, approximately 27% of our workforce
 was represented by various local labor unions. If our unionized
 workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other
 slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our
 operations and an increase in our operating costs, which could
 have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if a greater
 percentage of our workforce becomes unionized, our business and
 financial results could be materially and adversely impacted due
 to the potential for increased operating costs.

 Our
 obligation to fund multi-employer pension plans to which we
 contribute may have an adverse impact on us.

 We contribute to at least 25 multi-employer pension plans
 covering at least 17% of our current employees. We do not
 administer these plans and generally are not represented on the
 boards of trustees of these plans. The Pension Protection Act
 enacted in 2006 (the PPA) requires under-funded pension plans to
 improve their funding ratios. Based on the information available
 to us, we believe that some of the multi-employer plans to which
 we contribute are either “critical” or
 “endangered” as those terms are defined in the PPA. We
 cannot determine at this time the amount of additional funding,
 if any, we may be required to make to these plans and,
 therefore, have not recorded any related liabilities. However,
 plan assessments could have an adverse impact on our results of
 operations or cash flows for a given period. Furthermore, under
 current law, upon the termination of a multi-employer pension
 plan, or in the event of a withdrawal by us (which we consider
 from time to time) or a mass withdrawal of contributing
 employers (each, a “Withdrawal Event”), we would be
 required to make payments to the plan for our proportionate
 share of the plan’s unfunded vested liabilities. We cannot
 assure you that there will not be a Withdrawal Event with
 respect to any of the multi-employer pension plans to which we
 contribute or that, in the event of such a Withdrawal Event, the
 amounts we would be

 24

Table of Contents

 required to contribute would not have a material adverse impact
 on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 The
 costs of providing for pension benefits and related funding
 requirements are subject to changes in pension fund values and
 fluctuating actuarial assumptions, and may have a material
 adverse impact on our results of operations and cash
 flows.

 We sponsor a defined benefit pension plan which is funded with
 trustee assets invested in a diversified portfolio of debt and
 equity securities. Our costs for providing such benefits and
 related funding requirements are subject to changes in the
 market value of plan assets. Our pension expenses and related
 funding requirements are also subject to various actuarial
 calculations and assumptions, which may differ materially from
 actual results due to changing market and economic conditions,
 interest rates and other factors. A significant increase in our
 pension obligations and funding requirements could have a
 material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 The
 loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on
 our consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
 cash flows and growth prospects.

 Our future success depends on the continued contributions of
 several key employees and officers. The loss of the services of
 key employees and officers, whether such loss is through
 resignation or other causes, or the inability to attract
 additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash
 flows and growth prospects.