.

The value of an investment in
RadioShack involves significant risks and uncertainties. One should carefully
consider the following risks and uncertainties described below.

Our turnaround strategy may disrupt
our business. In addition, the strategy may not be successful.

In February 2006, we announced a turnaround
strategy with four components: store rationalization, inventory rationalization, distribution center
consolidation, and expense reduction. See “Turnaround Program Overview” in
MD&A below. This turnaround strategy may lead to disruptions in our business, including
disruptions from the reduced number of stores, distribution centers and employees, as well
as from the rationalization of certain products. These disruptions could adversely affect our
business operations and our financial results. While we believe any disruptions would be
short-term, we cannot assure that the impact (whether short-term or
long-term) from these disruptions would not be material. In addition, if our turnaround strategy
is not successful, or if we do not execute the strategy effectively, our business operations
and financial results could be adversely affected.

Any reductions or changes in the growth
rate of the wireless industry or changes in the dynamics of the wireless
communications industry could cause a material adverse effect on our sales and financial results.

Sales of wireless handsets and the
related commissions and residual income constitute approximately one-third of
our total revenue. Consequently, changes in the wireless industry, such as the ones
discussed below, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Lack of growth in the overall wireless
industry tends to have a corresponding effect on our wireless sales. Because growth in the
wireless industry is often driven by the adoption rate of new wireless handset technologies
(such as camera or video phones), the absence of these new technologies, or the lack of consumer
interest in adopting these new technologies, could lead to slower growth, or a decline, in
overall wireless industry sales, as well as in our sales.

Other changes in the wireless industry
that could materially and adversely affect our sales include wireless industry consolidation.
Consolidation in the wireless industry could lead to a concentration of competitive
strength, particularly competition from wireless carriers’ retail stores, and could, therefore,
adversely affect our sales as competitive levels increase.

The recent changes in our wireless carrier
relationships may not be successful, which could cause a
material adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

In July 2005, we signed a long-term agreement
with Cingular Wireless to begin offering their GSM wireless service in our stores in January 2006. As
a result of entering into this agreement with Cingular, we discontinued the sale of Verizon Wireless’
 products and services at the end of 2005. Also, in July 2005, we amended our existing relationship with
Sprint PCS. Sprint subsequently acquired Nextel, and we began offering Nextel products and
services in our stores. As a result of these changes, we have experienced temporary interruptions in our
business. Additional interruptions could result from changes in selling techniques, marketing approaches,
customer base, and product selection. In addition, these changes could impact our financial results due to
changes in our compensation model, residual income, commission income, gross margins, and handset sales.

Our inability to effectively manage our inventory
levels, particularly excess or inadequate amounts of inventory, could adversely affect our financial results.

We source inventory both domestically and
internationally, and our inventory levels are subject to a number of factors beyond our control.
These factors, including reduced consumer spending and consumer disinterest in our
product offerings, could lead to excess inventory levels. Additionally, we may not assess
appropriate product life cycles or end-of-life products, leaving us with excess inventory. To
reduce these inventory levels, we may be required to lower our prices, adversely impacting our
margin levels and our financial results.

Alternatively, we may have inadequate inventory
levels for particular items, including popular selling merchandise, due to factors such as
unavailability of products from our vendors, import delays, labor unrest, untimely deliveries or
the disruption of international, national or regional transportation systems. The occurrence of
any of these factors on our inventory supply could adversely impact our financial results.

We may not be able to maintain our historical
gross margin levels.

Historically, we have maintained
gross margin levels of approximately 50%. We may not be able to maintain these margin
levels in the future due to various factors, as well as higher sales of lower margin
products such as personal electronics products and third-party branded products. If
sales of these lower margin items continue to increase, our overall gross margin levels
will be adversely affected. 

Changes in the financial markets or
in our results of operations could reduce or eliminate our access to longer term capital
or short-term credit availability, which could adversely affect our financial condition
and liquidity.

Depending on our cash flow levels, we
may periodically borrow funds in the short-term commercial paper market to fund, among
other things, our inventory purchases and operational expenditures. Adverse changes in
the financial markets that restrict the availability of funds for capital markets
borrowing, as well as adverse changes in our results of operations and financial
condition, could cause the short-term commercial paper market to be unavailable to us. In
this event, we would be required to utilize our bank credit facilities. 

We may be unable to successfully execute our
solutions strategy to dominate cost-effective solutions to meet everyone’s routine electronics
 needs and families’ distinct electronics wants.

To achieve our solutions strategy, we have
undertaken a variety of strategic initiatives. Our failure to successfully execute our strategy
or the occurrence of any of the following events could have a material adverse
effect on our business:

•

Our inability to improve the customer experience in our core and close-to-core channels; to rationalize
and improve our infrastructure; to leverage our assets to create new streams of revenue and profit; and

to attract, retain, develop, mentor and reward great people;

•

Our inability to optimize and execute
our strategic plans, including our kiosk operations and othersales channels; and

•

Our inability to successfully identify and analyze emerging growth opportunities in the areas of
strategic business alliances, acquisitions, licensing opportunities, new markets, non-store sales

channels, and innovative products.

Our competition is both intense and varied,
and our failure to effectively compete could adversely affect our prospects. 

In the retail consumer electronics marketplace,
the level of competition is intense. We compete primarily with retail stores and, to a lesser extent,
with alternative channels of distribution such as e-commerce, telephone shopping services and mail
order. Changes in the amount and degree of promotional intensity or merchandising
strategy exerted by our current competitors and potential new competition could present us with
difficulties in retaining existing customers, attracting new customers and maintaining our profit
margins. Furthermore, while we recently re-deployed our RadioShack.com e-commerce site, the
modifications to this site may not be sufficient to adequately compete with other e-commerce competitors.

In addition, some of our competitors may
use strategies such as lower pricing, wider selection of products, larger store size,
improved store design, and more efficient sales methods. While we attempt to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors by focusing on the electronics specialty retail market, our
business model may not allow us to compete successfully against existing and future competitors.

Adverse changes in national or regional
U.S. economic conditions could negatively affect our financial results. 

Adverse economic changes have a significant
negative impact on consumer spending, particularly discretionary spending for consumer electronics
products, which, in turn, could directly affect our overall sales. Consumer confidence, recessionary
and inflationary trends, equity market levels, consumer credit availability, interest
rates, consumers’ disposable income and spending levels, energy prices, job security and unemployment rates
directly impact the volume of customer traffic and level of sales in our locations. Negative trends of any of
these economic conditions, whether national or regional in nature, could adversely affect our
financial results, including our net sales and profitability.

Our inability to increase or maintain
the level of sales in both our wireless and non-wireless platforms could
adversely affect our results. 

A critical component of our business
results is continued increases in our sales levels. Our ability to increase
sales in existing stores may also be affected by:

•

Our success in driving customers into our stores,

•

Our ability to maintain fully-staffed stores and trained employees,

•

Our ability to keep stores stocked with the correct merchandise, and

•

Our ability to choose the correct mix of products to sell.

The occurrence of severe weather
events or natural disasters could significantly damage or destroy outlets or prohibit
consumers from traveling to our retail locations, especially during the peak winter holiday
shopping season.

If severe weather, such as a large
hurricane, tornado or earthquake, occurs in a particular region and damages or destroys a
significant number of our stores in that area, our overall sales would be reduced
accordingly. In addition, if severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme
temperatures, discourages or restricts customers in a particular region from traveling to
our stores, our sales would also be adversely affected. If severe weather occurs during
the fourth quarter holiday season, the adverse impact to our sales could be even greater
than at other times during the year because we generate a significant portion of our sales
during this period. 

Any additional terrorist activities in
the U.S., as well as the international war on terror, may adversely affect our sales and
our stock price.

An additional terrorist attack or
series of attacks on the United States could have a significant adverse impact on the
United States’ economy. This downturn in the economy could, in turn, have a material
adverse effect on our sales. Furthermore, the threat of terrorist attacks in the United
States since September 11, 2001, as well as the ongoing international war on terror,
continues to create economic and political uncertainties in the United States. The
potential for future terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to
terrorist attacks, and other acts of war or hostility could cause greater uncertainty and
cause the economy to suffer in ways that we currently cannot predict. In addition, these
events could cause or contribute to a general decline in equity valuations, which, in
turn, could reduce the market value of RadioShack. 

If we fail to enter into, maintain and
renew profitable relationships with providers of third-party branded products, our sales
and gross margins could be adversely affected.

Our large selection of third-party
branded products makes up a significant portion of our overall sales. If we are unable to
create, maintain or renew our relationships with the suppliers of these products, our
sales and our gross margins could be adversely impacted. 

Our inability to successfully identify
and enter into relationships with developers of new technologies or the failure of these
new technologies to be adopted by the market could impact our ability to increase or
maintain our sales. Additionally, the absence of new services or products and product
features in the merchandise categories we sell could adversely affect our sales. 

Our ability to maintain and increase
revenues depends, to a large extent, on the periodic introduction and availability of new
products and technologies. If we fail to identify these new products and technologies, or
if we fail to enter into relationships with their developers prior to widespread
distribution within the market, our sales and gross margins could be adversely affected.
Furthermore, it is possible that these new products or technologies will never achieve
widespread consumer acceptance, also adversely affecting our sales. Finally, the lack of
innovative consumer electronics products, features or services that can be effectively
featured in our store model could also impact our ability to increase or maintain our
sales. 

The inability to attract, retain and
grow an effective management team or changes in the cost or availability of a suitable
workforce to manage and support our operating strategies could cause our operating results
to suffer.

Our success depends in large part upon
our ability to attract, motivate and retain a qualified management team and employees.
Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions could be in short supply. The
inability to recruit and retain such individuals could result in high employee turnover at
our stores and in our company overall, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and financial results. Additionally, competition for qualified employees requires
us to continually assess our compensation structure. Competition for qualified employees
has required, and in the future could require, us to pay higher wages to attract a
sufficient number of qualified employees, resulting in higher labor compensation expense. 

We have contingent lease obligations
related to our discontinued retail operations that, if realized, could materially and
adversely affect our financial results. 

We have contingent liabilities related
to retail leases of locations which were assigned to other businesses. The majority of
these contingent liabilities relate to various lease obligations arising from leases
assigned to CompUSA, Inc. as part of the sale of our Computer City,
Inc. subsidiary to CompUSA in August 1998. In the event CompUSA or the other assignees, as
applicable, are unable to fulfill these obligations, we would be responsible for rent due
under the leases, which could have a material adverse affect on our financial results. 

Failure to comply with, or the
additional implementation of, restrictions or regulations regarding the products and/or
services we sell or changes in tax rules and regulations applicable to us, could adversely
affect our business and our results of operations. 

We are subject to various federal,
state, and local laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the Fair Labor
Standards Act, as amended, and regulations promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service,
the United States Department of Labor, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
and the Environmental Protection Agency. Failure to properly adhere to these and other
applicable laws and regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal
penalties or adverse legal judgments and could adversely affect our business and our
results of operations. Similarly, the cost of complying with newly-implemented laws and
regulations could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. 

Any potential tariffs imposed on
products that we import from China, as well as the potential sudden strengthening of
China’s currency against the U.S. dollar, could reduce our gross margins and our
overall profitability. 

We purchase a significant portion of
our inventory from manufacturers located in China. Changes in trade regulations (including
tariffs on imports) or the continued strengthening of the Chinese currency against the
U.S. dollar could increase the cost of items we purchase, which in turn could have a
material adverse effect on our gross margins.