.

One should
carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties described below, as
well as other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There
may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and the
following list should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
forward-looking statements made by us. If any of the events described below
occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or
access to the capital markets could be materially adversely
affected.

We
may be unable to successfully execute our strategy to provide cost-effective
solutions to meet the routine consumer electronics needs and distinct consumer
electronics wants of our customers.

To
achieve our strategy, we have undertaken a variety of strategic initiatives. Our
failure to successfully execute our strategy or the occurrence of certain
events, including the following, could materially adversely affect our ability
to maintain or grow our comparable store sales and our business
generally:

 ·  

 Our inability
 to keep our extensive store distribution system updated and conveniently
 located near our target customers

 ·  

 Our
 employees’ inability to provide solutions, answers, and information
 related to increasingly complex consumer electronics
 products

 ·  

 Our inability
 to recognize evolving consumer electronics trends and offer products that
 customers need or want

Adverse
changes in national and world-wide economic conditions could negatively affect
our business.

The continued
uncertainty in the economy could have a significant negative effect on U.S.
consumer spending, particularly discretionary spending for consumer electronics
products, which, in turn, could directly affect our sales. Consumer confidence,
recessionary and inflationary trends, equity market levels, consumer credit
availability, interest rates, consumers’ disposable income and spending levels,
energy prices, job growth, income tax rates and unemployment rates may affect
the volume of customer traffic and level of sales in our locations. Continued
negative trends of any of these economic conditions, whether national or
regional in nature, could adversely affect our results of operations, including
our net sales and profitability.

In
addition, potential disruptions in the capital and credit markets could have a
significant effect on our ability to access the U.S. and global capital and
credit markets, if needed. These potential disruptions in the capital and credit
market conditions could affect our ability to borrow under our credit facility,
or adversely affect the banks that underwrote our credit facility. The
availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic
and market conditions and the availability of credit and our credit ratings. If
needed, we may not be able to successfully obtain any necessary additional
financing on favorable terms, or at all.

Our
inability to increase or maintain profitability of our operations could
adversely affect our results.

A
critical component of our business strategy is to improve our overall
profitability. Our ability to increase profitable sales in existing stores may
be affected by:

 ·  

 Our success
 in attracting customers into our
stores

 ·  

 Our ability
 to choose the correct mix of products to
sell

 ·  

 Our ability
 to keep stores stocked with merchandise customers will
 purchase

 ·  

 Our ability
 to maintain fully-staffed stores with appropriately trained
 employees

 ·  

 Our ability
 to remain relevant to the consumer

 8

Any
reductions or changes in the growth rate of the wireless industry or changes in
the dynamics of the wireless communications industry could materially adversely
affect our results of operations.

Sales of wireless
handsets and the related commissions and residual income constitute a
significant portion of our total revenue. Consequently, changes in the wireless
industry, such as those discussed below, could materially adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition.

Lack of growth in
the overall wireless industry tends to have a corresponding effect on our
wireless sales. Because growth in the wireless industry is often driven by the
adoption rate of new wireless handset and wireless service technologies, the
absence of these new technologies, our suppliers not providing us with these new
technologies, or the lack of consumer interest in adopting these new
technologies, could adversely affect our business.

Another change in
the wireless industry that could materially adversely affect our profitability
is wireless industry consolidation. Consolidation in the wireless industry could
lead to a concentration of competitive strength within a few wireless carriers,
which could adversely affect our business if our ability to obtain competitive
offerings from our wireless suppliers is reduced or as competition from wireless
carrier stores increases.

Our
competition is both intense and varied, and our failure to effectively compete
could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

In
the retail consumer electronics marketplace, the level of competition is
intense. We compete with consumer electronics retail stores similarly situated
to our stores as well as big-box retailers, large specialty retailers and
discount or warehouse retailers and, to a lesser extent, with alternative
channels of distribution such as e-commerce, telephone shopping services and
mail order. We also compete with wireless carriers’ retail presence, as
discussed above. Some of these other competitors are larger than us and have
greater market presence and financial and other resources than us, which may
provide them with a competitive advantage.

Changes in the
amount and degree of promotional intensity or merchandising strategy exerted by
our current competitors and potential new competition could present us with
difficulties in retaining existing customers and attracting new customers. In
addition, pressure from our competitors could require us to reduce prices or
increase our costs in one product category or across all our product categories.
As a result of this competition, we may experience lower sales, margins or
profitability, which could materially adversely affect our results of
operations.

In
addition, some of our competitors may use strategies such as lower pricing,
wider selection of products, larger store size, higher advertising intensity,
improved store design, and more efficient sales methods. While we attempt to
differentiate ourselves from our competitors by focusing on the electronics
specialty retail market, our business model may not enable us to compete
successfully against existing and future competitors.

We
may not be able to maintain our historical gross margin levels.

Historically, we
have maintained gross margin levels ranging from 45% to 48%. We may not be able
to maintain these margin levels in the future due to various factors, including
increased sales of lower margin products, such as personal electronics products
and name brand products, or declines in average selling prices of key products.
If sales of lower margin items continue to increase and become a larger
percentage of our business, our gross margin will be adversely
affected.

 9

Our
inability to effectively manage our receivable levels, particularly with our
service providers, could adversely affect our results of
operations.

We
maintain significant receivable balances from various service providers, such as
Sprint Nextel, AT&T, and T-Mobile, consisting of commissions, residuals and
other funds related to these relationships. Changes in the financial markets or
financial condition of these service providers could cause a delay or failure in
receiving these funds. A significant delay or failure to receive these payments
could adversely affect our financial results or financial
condition.

Our
inability to effectively manage our inventory levels, particularly excess or
inadequate amounts of inventory, could adversely affect our results of
operations.

We
source inventory both domestically and internationally, and our inventory levels
are subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. These
factors, including technology advancements, reduced consumer spending and
consumer disinterest in our product offerings, could lead to excess inventory
levels. Additionally, we may not accurately assess product life cycles, leaving
us with excess inventory. To reduce this excess inventory, we may be required to
lower our prices, adversely affecting our results of operations.

Alternatively, we
may have inadequate inventory levels for particular items, including popular
selling merchandise, due to factors such as unanticipated high demand for
certain products, unavailability of products from our vendors, import delays,
labor unrest, untimely deliveries or the disruption of international, national
or regional transportation systems. The effect of the occurrence of any of these
factors on our inventory supply could adversely affect our results of operations
or financial condition.

Our
inability to attract, retain and grow an effective management team or changes in
the cost or availability of a suitable workforce to manage and support our
strategies could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our success depends
in large part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a qualified
management team and employees. Qualified individuals needed to fill necessary
positions could be in short supply. The inability to recruit and retain such
individuals on a continuous basis could result in high employee turnover at our
stores and in our company generally, which could materially adversely affect our
business and results of operations. Additionally, competition for qualified
employees requires us to continually assess our compensation structure.
Competition for qualified employees has required, and in the future could
require, us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of qualified
employees, resulting in higher labor compensation expense. In addition, mandated
changes in the federal minimum wage may adversely affect our compensation
expense.

Our
inability to successfully identify and enter into relationships with developers
of new technologies or the failure of these new technologies to be adopted by
the market could adversely affect our ability to increase or maintain our sales
and profitability. Additionally, the absence of new services or products and
product features in the merchandise categories we sell could adversely affect
our sales and profitability.

Our ability to
maintain and increase revenues depends, to a large extent, on the periodic
introduction and availability of new products and technologies. If we fail to
identify these new products and technologies, or if we fail to enter into
relationships with their developers prior to widespread distribution within the
market, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. Any new
products or technologies we identify may have a limited sales life.

Furthermore, it is
possible that new products or technologies will never achieve widespread
consumer acceptance, also adversely affecting our sales and profitability.
Finally, the lack of innovative consumer electronics products, features or
services that can be effectively featured in our store model could also
adversely affect our ability to increase or maintain our sales and
profitability.

 10

Failure
to create, maintain and renew profitable relationships with name brand product
and service providers could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

Our large selection
of name brand products and service providers makes up a significant portion of
our overall sales. In the aggregate, these relationships have or are expected to
have a significant effect on both our operations and financial strategy. If we
are unable to create, maintain or renew our relationships with such third
parties on profitable terms or at all, our sales and our profitability could be
adversely affected.

The
occurrence of severe weather events or natural disasters could significantly
damage or destroy our retail locations, could prohibit consumers from traveling
to our retail locations, or could prevent us from resupplying our stores or
distribution centers, especially during the peak winter holiday shopping
season.

If
severe weather or a catastrophic natural event, such as a hurricane or
earthquake, occurs in a particular region and damages or destroys a significant
number of our stores in that area, our sales would be reduced accordingly. In
addition, if severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme temperatures,
discourages or restricts customers in a particular region from traveling to our
stores, our sales would also be adversely affected. If severe weather occurs
during the fourth quarter holiday season, the adverse effect on our sales and
gross profit could be even greater than at other times during the year because
we generate a significant portion of our sales and gross profit during this
period.

We
have continuing obligations under leases related to discontinued retail
operations that could materially adversely affect our results of
operations.

We
have ongoing obligations under retail leases for locations that we assigned to
other businesses. The majority of these lease obligations arose from leases, for
which CompUSA Inc. assumed responsibility as part of the sale of our Computer
City, Inc. subsidiary to CompUSA in August 1998. Because the company that
assumed responsibility for these leases has ceased operations, we may be
responsible for rent due under the leases, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations.

Failure
to comply with, or the additional implementation of, laws, rules, and
regulations regarding our business could adversely affect our business and our
results of operations.

We
are subject to various foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules and
regulations including, but not limited to, the Fair Labor Standards Act and
ERISA, each as amended, and regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade
Commission, Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service, United
States Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and
Environmental Protection Agency. Failure to properly adhere to these and other
applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the imposition of
penalties or adverse legal judgments and could adversely affect our business and
our results of operations. Similarly, the cost of complying with
newly-implemented laws, rules and regulations could adversely affect our
business and our results of operations.

Risks
associated with the suppliers from whom our raw materials and products are
sourced could materially adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

We
utilize a large number of suppliers located in various parts of the world to
obtain raw materials, private brand merchandise, and other products. If any of
our key vendors fail to supply us with products, we may not be able to meet the
demands of our customers, and our sales and profitability could be adversely
affected.

We
purchase a significant portion of our inventory from manufacturers located in
China. Changes in trade regulations (including tariffs on imports) could
increase the cost of those items. Although our purchases are denominated in U.S.
dollars, changes in the Chinese currency exchange rate against the U.S. dollar
or other foreign currencies could cause our vendors to increase the prices of
items we purchase from them. The occurrence of any of these events could
materially adversely affect our results of operations.

 11

Our ability to find
qualified vendors that meet our standards and supply products in a timely and
efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods
sourced from outside the United States. Merchandise quality issues, product
safety concerns, trade restrictions, difficulties in enforcing intellectual
property rights in foreign countries, work stoppages, transportation capacity
and costs, tariffs, political or financial instability, foreign currency
exchange rates, monetary, tax and fiscal policies, inflation, deflation,
outbreak of pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our
control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely
affect our sales and profitability.

Our
business is heavily dependent upon information systems, which could result in
higher maintenance costs and business disruption.

Our business is
heavily dependent upon information systems, given the number of individual
transactions we process each year. Our information systems include an in-store
point-of-sale system that provides information used to track sales performance,
inventory replenishment, product availability information, product margin
information and customer information. In addition, we are in the process of
upgrading our in-store point-of-sale system and related processes. These systems
are complex and require integration with each other, with some of our service
providers, and with business processes, which may increase the risk of
disruption.

Our information
systems are also subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer
and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches,
catastrophic events and usage errors by our employees. If we encounter damage to
our systems, difficulty implementing new systems, or difficulty maintaining and
upgrading current systems, our business operations could be disrupted, our sales
could decline, and our expenses could increase.

Failure
to protect the integrity and security of our customers’ information could expose
us to litigation, as well as materially damage our standing with our
customers.

Increasing costs
associated with information security, including increased investments in
technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws, and costs
resulting from consumer fraud could cause our business and our results of
operations to be adversely affected. Additionally, if a significant compromise
in the security of our customer information, including personal identification
data, were to occur, it could materially adversely affect our reputation,
business, results of operations, or financial condition, and could increase the
costs we incur to protect against such security breaches.

We
are subject to other litigation risks and may face liabilities as a result of
allegations and negative publicity.

Our operations
expose us to litigation risks, such as class action lawsuits involving
employees, consumers and shareholders. For example, from time to time putative
class actions have been brought against us relating to various labor matters.
Defending against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense
and divert management’s attention and resources from other matters. In addition,
if any lawsuits were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial
legal liability, it could cause significant reputational harm to us and
otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or
financial condition.

Terrorist
activities and governmental efforts to thwart them could materially adversely
affect our results of operations.

A
terrorist attack or series of attacks on the United States could have a
significant adverse effect on its economy. This downturn in the economy could,
in turn, materially adversely affect our results of operations. The potential
for future terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to
terrorist attacks, and other acts of war or hostility could cause greater
uncertainty and cause the economy to suffer in ways that we cannot
predict.

 12

We
conduct business outside the United States, which presents potential
risks.

Some of our assets
are held and a portion of our revenue is generated in Mexico, China and Hong
Kong. Part of our growth strategy is to expand our international business
because we believe the growth rates and the opportunity to implement operating
improvements may be greater than those typically achievable in the United
States. International operations entail significant risks and uncertainties,
including, without limitation:

 ·  

 Economic,
 social and political instability in any particular country or
 region

 ·  

 Changes in
 currency exchange rates

 ·  

 Changes in
 government restrictions on converting currencies or repatriating
 funds

 ·  

 Unexpected
 changes in foreign laws and regulations or in trade, monetary or fiscal
 policies

 ·  

 High
 inflation and monetary fluctuations

 ·  

 Changes in
 restrictions on imports and exports

 ·  

 Difficulties
 in hiring, training and retaining qualified personnel, particularly
 finance and accounting personnel with U.S. GAAP
 expertise

 ·  

 Inability to
 obtain access to fair and equitable political, regulatory, administrative
 and legal systems

 ·  

 Changes in
 government tax policy

 ·  

 Difficulties
 in enforcing our contractual rights or enforcing judgments or obtaining a
 just result in local jurisdictions

 ·  

 Potentially
 adverse tax consequences of operating in multiple
 jurisdictions

Any of these
factors, by itself or in combination with others, could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

We
may be unable to keep existing stores in current locations or open new stores in
desirable locations, which could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

We
may be unable to keep existing stores in current locations or open new stores in
desirable locations in the future. We compete with other retailers and
businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use, local zoning
issues, environmental regulations and other regulations may affect our ability
to find suitable locations and also influence the cost of leasing, building or
buying our stores. We also may have difficulty negotiating real estate leases
and purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Further, to relocate or open new
stores successfully, we must hire and train employees for the new location.
Construction, environmental, zoning and real estate delays may negatively affect
store openings and increase costs and capital expenditures. In addition, when we
open new stores in markets where we already have a presence, our existing
locations may experience a decline in sales as a result, and when we open stores
in new markets, we may encounter difficulties in attracting customers due to a
lack of customer familiarity with our brand, our lack of familiarity with local
customer preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. We cannot be
certain that new or relocated stores will produce the anticipated sales or
return on investment or that existing stores will not be adversely affected by
new or expanded competition in their market areas.