In addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the matters
addressed under the caption "Forward-Looking Statements," set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially adversely affect our business or that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. 

9

Our data suppliers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data, which could lead to our inability to provide certain products or services. 

        Our products and services incorporate data that we collect from third parties. These suppliers of data may increase restrictions on our use of such data, fail to
adhere to our quality control standards or refuse altogether to license the data to us. For example, in 2002 certain of our data suppliers in Japan began withholding certain data from us. This
interruption in data supply led us to discontinue one of our Japanese products and adversely affected our operating results. If the suppliers of a significant amount of data that we use for one or
more of our products or services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality control standards, or refuse to provide data, now or
in the future, our ability to provide products and services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which could result in decreased revenue, net income and earnings per share. 

Data protection and privacy laws may restrict our activities. 

        Data protection and privacy laws affect our collection, use, storage and transfer of personally identifiable information both abroad and in the United States.
Compliance with such laws may require investment or may dictate that we not offer certain types of products and services. Failure to comply with such laws may result in, among other things, civil and
criminal liability, negative publicity, data being blocked from use and liability under contractual warranties. 

        In
addition, there is an increasing public concern regarding data protection and privacy issues and the number of jurisdictions with data protection and privacy laws has been slowly
increasing. For example, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and abroad in the area of access to medical data. These initiatives tend to seek to place
restrictions on the use and disclosure of patient-identifiable information without consent and, in some cases, seek to extend restrictions to non-patient-identifiable information,
e.g., prescriber identifiable information, or to the process of anonymizing data. There are also some initiatives that seek to restrict access to this information to non-commercial
uses. While most of the current initiatives should not impact our business, there can be no assurance that these initiatives or future initiatives will not adversely affect IMS's ability to generate
or assemble data or to develop or market current or future products or services. 

Hardware and software failures, delays in the operation of our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements may
harm our business. 

        Our success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. A failure of our network or data gathering procedures
could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, client orders and day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption or loss of
data. While many of our operations have appropriate disaster recovery plans in place, we currently do not have full backup facilities everywhere in the world to provide redundant network capacity in
the event of a system failure. Despite any precautions we may take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins, sabotage,
breaches of security, epidemics and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. In addition,
any failure by our computer environment to provide our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a delay in the delivery of data, we could be
required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. Such a transfer could result in significant delays in our ability to deliver our products and
services to our clients. Additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could damage
our reputation and harm our business. Finally, long-term disruptions in the 

10

infrastructure
caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities, epidemics and acts of terrorism (particularly involving cities in which we have offices)
could adversely affect our businesses. Although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 

Our business is subject to exchange rate fluctuations and our revenue and net income may suffer due to currency translations. 

        We operate globally, deriving approximately 63% of our 2007 revenue from non-United States operations. As a result, fluctuations in the value of
foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar increase the volatility of U.S. dollar denominated operating results. Emerging markets currencies tend to be considerably less stable than those in
established markets, which may further contribute to volatility in our U.S. dollar-denominated operating results. 

        As
a result of devaluations and fluctuations in currency exchange rates or the imposition of limitations on conversion of foreign currencies into dollars, we are subject to currency
translation exposure on the profits of our operations, in addition to economic exposure. 

Our international operations present risks to our current businesses that could impede growth in the future. 

        International operations are subject to various risks that could adversely affect our business, including: 

•

costs
of customizing services for foreign clients;

•

reduced
protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

•

the
burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws;

•

exposure
to local economic conditions; and

•

exposure
to local political conditions, including the risks of an outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities, acts of terrorism and nationalization, expropriation, price
controls or other restrictive government actions. 

We may be unsuccessful in identifying acquisition candidates or evaluating the material risks involved in any acquisition. 

        An important aspect of our business strategy in the past has been growth through acquisitions or joint ventures and we may continue to acquire or make investments
in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify and consummate acquisitions or joint ventures on satisfactory
terms. Moreover, every acquisition and joint venture entails some degree of uncertainty and risk. For example, we may be unsuccessful in identifying and evaluating business, legal or financial risks
as part of the due diligence process associated with a transaction. In addition, some acquisitions will have contingent consideration components that may require us to pay additional amounts in the
future in relation to future performance results of the acquired business. If we do not properly assess these risks, or if we fail to
realize the benefits from one or more acquisitions, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We may be unsuccessful in integrating any acquired operations with our existing business. 

        We may experience difficulties in integrating operations acquired from other companies. These difficulties include the diversion of management's attention from
other business concerns and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired operations. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs, often related to integrating information technology,
accounting and management 

11

services
and rationalizing personnel levels. If we experience difficulties in integrating one or more acquisitions, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

Changes in tax laws or their application may adversely affect our reported results. 

        We operate in more than 100 countries worldwide and our earnings are subject to taxation in many differing jurisdictions and at differing rates. We seek to
organize our affairs in a tax efficient manner, taking account of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws that apply to our business may be amended by the relevant authorities, for example as
a result of changes in fiscal circumstances or priorities. Such amendments, or their application to our business, may adversely affect our reported results. 

We are involved in tax related matters that could have a material effect on us. 

        We (and our predecessors) have entered, and we continue to enter, into global tax planning initiatives in the normal course of business. These activities are
subject to review by applicable tax authorities and courts. As a result of the review process, uncertainties exist and it is possible that some of these matters could be resolved adversely to us,
including those tax related matters described in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
maintain our effective tax rate. 

We are, and may become, involved in litigation that could harm the value of our business. 

        In the normal course of our business, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, such as those described in Part II, Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The outcome of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition. In addition, we may
become subject to future lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations that could result in substantial costs and divert our attention and resources. 

Significant technological changes could render our products and services obsolete. We may not be able to develop the technology necessary for our
business, or to do so efficiently. 

        We operate in businesses that require sophisticated data collection and processing systems and software and other technology. Some of the technologies supporting
the industries we serve are changing rapidly and we must continue to develop cost-effective technologies for data collection and processing to accommodate such changes. We also must
continue to deliver data to our clients in forms that are easy to use while simultaneously providing clear answers to complex questions. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to develop new
technologies for data collection, processing and delivery or that we will be able to do so as quickly or cost-effectively as our competition. Significant technological change could render
our products and services obsolete. 

        Moreover,
the introduction of new products and services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could render existing products and services obsolete. Our
continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to changing technologies, manage and process ever-increasing amounts of data and information and improve the performance, features and
reliability of our products and services in response to changing client and industry demands. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful design, development, testing,
introduction or marketing of our products and services. New products and services, or enhancements to existing products and services, may not adequately meet the requirements of current and
prospective clients or achieve any degree of significant market acceptance. 

12

Government imposed price restrictions on pharmaceutical companies could reduce demand for our products and services. 

        A number of countries in which we operate have enacted regulations limiting the prices pharmaceutical companies may charge for drugs. We believe that such cost
containment measures will cause pharmaceutical companies to seek more effective means of marketing their products (which will benefit us in the medium and long-term). However, such
governmental regulation may cause pharmaceutical companies to revise or reduce their marketing programs in the near term, which may in turn reduce the demand for certain of our products and services.
This could result in decreased revenue, net income and earnings per share. 

Our success will depend on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. 

        The success of our businesses will continue to depend, in part, on: 

•

obtaining
patent protection for our technology, products and services;

•

defending
our patents, copyrights and other intellectual property;

•

preserving
our trade secrets and maintaining the security of our know-how; and

•

operating
without infringing upon patents and proprietary rights held by third parties. 

        We
rely on a combination of contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and patent, copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws to protect the proprietary aspects of
our products, services, databases and technologies. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, or that we will adequately employ each and every one of these protections at all
times, to provide sufficient protection in the future to prevent the use or misappropriation of our data, technology and other products and services. Further, our competitors may develop products,
services, databases or technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products, services, databases or
technologies. Although we believe that our products, services, databases, technologies and related proprietary rights do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, there can be no
assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets and to
determine the validity and scope of our proprietary rights. For example, we have been involved in litigation with Insight Health GmbH & Co. KG in Germany in order to protect our
proprietary mapping software. In addition, the growing need for global data, along with increased competition and technological advances, puts increasing pressure on us to share our intellectual
property for client applications. Any future litigation, regardless of outcome, could result in substantial expense and diversion of resources with no assurance of success and could seriously harm our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate employees, we will not be able to compete effectively and will not be able to expand our business. 

        Our success and ability to grow are dependent, in part, on our ability to hire, retain and motivate sufficient numbers of talented people, with the increasingly
diverse skills needed to serve clients and expand our business, in many locations around the world. Competition for highly qualified technical and managerial, and particularly consulting personnel is
intense. Recruiting, training and retention costs and benefits place significant demands on our resources. The inability to attract qualified employees in sufficient numbers to meet particular demands
or the loss of a significant number of our employees could have a serious negative effect on us, including our ability to obtain and successfully complete important client engagements and thus
maintain or increase our revenues. 

13

Consolidation in the industries in which our clients operate may put pressure on the pricing of our products and services, and could increase the cost
of acquiring data, leading to decreased earnings. 

        Consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry could put pressure on the pricing of our information products and services, as the consolidated client seeks pricing
concessions from us, and could limit available dollars for our products and services. In addition, when companies merge, the products and services they previously purchased separately are now
purchased only once by the combined entity, leading to contract compression and loss of revenue. While we have experienced success in mitigating the revenue impact of any pricing pressure through
effective negotiations and by providing services to individual businesses within a particular group, there can be no assurance as to the degree to which we will be able to continue to do so as
consolidation continues. 

Our businesses are subject to significant or potential competition that is likely to intensify in the future. 

        Our future growth and success will be dependent on our ability to successfully compete with other companies that provide similar services in the same markets,
some of which may have financial, marketing, technical and other advantages. 

Disruptions in commerce could adversely affect our business. 

        Commerce could be disrupted by various political, economic, world health or other conditions. Examples of such disruptions that could adversely affect our
business include: 

•

terrorist
activity, the threat of such activity, and responses to and results of such activity and threats, including but not limited to effects, domestically and/or
internationally, on us, our personnel and facilities, our customers and suppliers, financial markets and general economic conditions; and

•

an
outbreak of SARS, avian influenza (Bird Flu) or other epidemic, the fear of such an epidemic, and responses to and results of such an epidemic or fear thereof, including
but not limited to effects, domestically and/or internationally, on us, our personnel and facilities, our customers and suppliers, financial markets and general economic conditions. 

        If
such disruptions result in cancellations of or reductions in customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity, or directly impact our marketing, collection,
production, delivery, financial and logistics functions, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The success of our business will largely depend on the performance of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. 

        The vast majority of our revenues are generated from sales to the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. To the extent the businesses we serve, especially our
clients in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries, are subject to financial pressures of, for example, price controls, increased costs or reduced demand for their products, the demand for our
products and services, or the price our clients are willing to pay for those products and services, may decline.