In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

If we are not able to retain and attract wireless subscribers, our financial performance will be impaired.

We are in the business of selling communications services to subscribers, and our economic success is based on our ability to retain current subscribers and attract new subscribers. If we are unable to retain and attract wireless subscribers, our financial performance will be impaired, and we could fail to meet our financial obligations. Beginning in 2008 through 2012, we experienced net decreases in our total retail postpaid subscriber base of approximately 
9.7 million
 subscribers (excluding the impact of our 2009 acquisitions).

Our ability to retain our existing subscribers and to compete successfully for new subscribers and reduce our rate of churn depends on, among other things: 

•

the successful deployment and completion of our network modernization plan, Network Vision, including a multi-mode network infrastructure, successful LTE implementation and deployment, and push-to-talk capabilities of comparable quality to our existing Nextel platform push-to-talk capabilities;

•

our ability to mitigate churn as we migrate Nextel platform push-to-talk subscribers to other offerings on our Sprint platform, which include offerings on our multi-mode network, such as Sprint Direct Connect

and LTE;

•

actual or perceived quality and coverage of our networks, including Clearwire's 4G WiMAX network;

•

Clearwire's ability to successfully obtain additional financing for the continued operation and build-out of its 4G networks; 

•

our ability to access additional spectrum;

•

our successful execution of marketing and sales strategies, including the acceptance of our value proposition; service delivery and customer care activities, including new account set up and billing; and our credit and collection policies;

•

our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including new technologies, products and services that may be introduced by our competitors, changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends, economic conditions, and discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors;

•

our ability to anticipate and develop new or enhanced technologies, products and services that are attractive to existing or potential subscribers;

•

public perception about our brands; and

•

our ability to maintain our current MVNOs, including Clearwire, and to enter into new arrangements with MVNOs.

 Our ability to retain subscribers may be negatively affected by industry trends related to subscriber contracts. For example, we and our competitors no longer require subscribers to renew their contracts when making changes to their pricing plans. These types of changes could negatively affect our ability to retain subscribers and could lead to an increase in our churn rates if we are not successful in providing an attractive product and service mix. 

Moreover, service providers frequently offer wireless equipment, such as devices, below acquisition cost as a method to retain and attract subscribers that enter into wireless service agreements for periods usually extending 12 to 24 months. Equipment cost in excess of the revenue generated from equipment sales is referred to in the industry as equipment net subsidy and is generally recognized when title of the device passes to the dealer or end-user subscriber. The cost of multi-functional devices, such as smartphones, including the iPhone
®

, has increased significantly in recent years as a result of enhanced capabilities and functionality. At the same time, wireless service providers continue to compete on the basis of price, including the price of devices offered to subscribers, which has resulted in increased equipment net subsidy. We have entered into a purchase commitment with Apple that increases the average equipment net subsidy for postpaid devices resulting in a reduction to consolidated results from 

13

Table of Contents

operations and reduced cash flow from operations associated with initiation of service for these devices until such time that retail service revenues associated with customers acquiring these devices exceeds such costs.

We expect to incur expenses to attract new subscribers, improve subscriber retention and reduce churn, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will result in new subscribers or a lower rate of subscriber churn. Subscriber losses and a high rate of churn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations because they result in lost revenues and cash flow. Although attracting new subscribers and retention of existing subscribers are important to the financial viability of our business, there is an added focus on retention because the cost of adding a new subscriber is higher than the cost associated with retention of an existing subscriber.

As the wireless market matures, we must increasingly seek to attract subscribers from competitors and face increased credit risk from new postpaid wireless subscribers.

We and our competitors increasingly must seek to attract a greater proportion of new subscribers from each other's existing subscriber bases rather than from first-time purchasers of wireless services. In addition, the higher market penetration also means that subscribers purchasing postpaid wireless services for the first time, on average, have lower credit scores than existing wireless subscribers, and the number of these subscribers we are willing to accept is dependent on our credit policies, which may be different than our competitors. To the extent we cannot compete effectively for new subscribers or if they are not creditworthy, our revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

The Merger Agreement contains provisions that could affect the decisions of a third party considering making an alternative acquisition proposal to the SoftBank Merger. 

On October 15, 2012, Sprint entered into the Merger Agreement with SoftBank, Starburst I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank (HoldCo), Starburst II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HoldCo (Parent), and Starburst III, Inc., a Kansas corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub and, together with SoftBank, HoldCo, Parent, the "SoftBank Entities"), pursuant to which, at the effective time of the Merger (Effective Time), Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (SoftBank Merger). Upon consummation of the SoftBank Merger, Parent will be renamed Sprint Corporation (New Sprint). 

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, in certain circumstances Sprint may be required to pay to SoftBank a termination fee of $600 million, or to pay certain fees of the SoftBank Entities up to a maximum of $75 million, in connection with termination of the Merger Agreement. In addition, the Merger Agreement limits the ability of Sprint to initiate, solicit, encourage or facilitate acquisition or merger proposals from a third party. These provisions could affect the decision by a third party to make a competing acquisition proposal, or the structure, pricing and terms proposed by a third party seeking to acquire or merge with Sprint. 

Pending litigation against Sprint, SoftBank and Clearwire could result in an injunction preventing the completion of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition and the payment of damages in the event the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition are completed and may adversely affect New Sprint's business, financial condition or results of operations following the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition.

In connection with the SoftBank Merger and as of the date of this Form 10-K, purported stockholders of Sprint have filed several stockholder class action complaints against Sprint, its directors and the SoftBank Entities alleging, among other things, that the Sprint board of directors conducted an unfair sales process resulting in unfair consideration to the Sprint stockholders in the SoftBank Merger. The complaints assert that members of Sprint's board of directors breached their fiduciary duties in agreeing to the SoftBank Merger and in agreeing to the issuance of the convertible bond (Bond) pursuant to the Bond Purchase Agreement dated October 15, 2012 between Sprint and Parent, and that SoftBank aided and abetted these alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. The lawsuits seek to enjoin the SoftBank Merger and seek unspecified monetary damages.         

On December 17, 2012, Sprint announced that it had agreed to acquire all of the equity interests of Clearwire Corporation (together with Clearwire Communications LLC, “Clearwire”) not currently owned by Sprint (Clearwire Acquisition), subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of December 17, 2012, by and among Sprint, Clearwire Corporation and Collie Acquisition Corp. (Clearwire Acquisition Agreement). In connection with the Clearwire Acquisition and as of the date of this Form 10-K, 

14

Table of Contents

purported stockholders of Clearwire have filed several stockholder class action complaints against Clearwire, its directors and Sprint, alleging, among other things, that the Clearwire board of directors conducted an unfair sales process resulting in an unfair consideration to the Clearwire stockholders in the Clearwire Acquisition. The complaints assert that members of Clearwire's board of directors breached their fiduciary duties in agreeing to the Clearwire Acquisition and some of the complaints assert that Sprint breached fiduciary duties owed to Clearwire's non-Sprint stockholders. The lawsuits seek to enjoin the Clearwire Acquisition and seek unspecified monetary damages, and one lawsuit seeks to enjoin the SoftBank Merger. If the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Sprint will assume Clearwire's potential liability under these lawsuits, including the obligation to defend the lawsuits and indemnification obligations with respect to former Clearwire directors.

These actions could prevent or delay the completion of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition, divert management attention from operating Sprint's businesses and result in substantial costs to Sprint and New Sprint, including any costs associated with indemnification of Sprint or Clearwire directors. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition is completed may be costly and adversely affect New Sprint's business, financial condition or results of operation. 

The SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition are subject to various closing conditions, and uncertainties related to the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition or the failure to complete the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition could negatively impact Sprint's business or share price. 

The SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition are subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions beyond Sprint's control, and there is no assurance that the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition and the respective related transactions will occur on the terms and timeline currently contemplated or at all, or that the conditions to the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition will be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all. Any delay in completing the Clearwire Acquisition could cause Sprint not to realize, or delay the realization of, some or all of the benefits that Sprint expects to achieve from the SoftBank Merger and Clearwire Acquisition. In addition, the efforts to satisfy the closing conditions of the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition, including the regulatory approval process, may place a significant burden on Sprint's management and internal resources. Any significant diversion of management attention away from ongoing business and any difficulties encountered in the SoftBank Merger process could adversely affect Sprint's business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Merger Agreement with SoftBank limits Sprint's ability to pursue alternatives to the SoftBank Merger. These restrictions may prevent Sprint from pursuing attractive business opportunities and making other changes to its business prior to the effective time of the SoftBank Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement, and if the SoftBank Merger is not consummated, Sprint may not be able to fund its capital needs from external resources on terms acceptable to it or without modifying its business plan. Sprint could also be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the SoftBank Merger. 

Uncertainty about the completion and effect of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition on Sprint, Clearwire or their respective employees or customers may have an adverse effect on Sprint's share price and business, including as a result of attempts by other communications providers to persuade Sprint's customers to change service providers, which could increase the rate of Sprint's subscriber churn and have a negative impact on Sprint's subscriber growth, revenue and results of operations. These uncertainties may also impair Sprint's ability to preserve employee morale and attract, retain and motivate key employees until the SoftBank Merger is completed. If key employees depart because of uncertainty about their future roles and the potential complexities of the SoftBank Merger or a desire not to remain with the business after the completion of the SoftBank Merger, Sprint's business could be harmed. 

If the proposed SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition is not completed, the share price of Sprint's common stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of Sprint common stock reflects an assumption that the SoftBank Merger, the Clearwire Acquisition and the respective related transactions will be completed. In addition, upon termination of the Merger Agreement, under specified circumstances (including in connection with a superior offer), Sprint may be required to pay a termination fee of $600 million. Also, if the Merger Agreement is terminated because Sprint stockholders do not approve the SoftBank Merger, subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, then Sprint may be required to reimburse SoftBank for its fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement up to $75 million. See “-The Merger Agreement contains 

15

Table of Contents

provisions that could affect the decisions of a third party considering making an alternative acquisition proposal to the SoftBank Merger.” Further, upon termination of the Clearwire Acquisition Agreement, under specified circumstances, Sprint may be required to pay a termination fee of $120 million (payable in cancellation of indebtedness), and under certain circumstances, Clearwire may also be entitled to receive from Sprint a supplemental prepayment for LTE services on January 15, 2014 in the amount of $100 million (conditioned upon the completion of site build-out targets pursuant to a commercial agreement currently in effect between Sprint and Clearwire and credited against certain of Sprint's obligations under such agreement). 

Further, a failed or significantly delayed SoftBank Merger or Clearwire Acquisition may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of Sprint in the investment community. Any disruptions to Sprint's business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition and from intensifying competition from its competitors, including any adverse changes in its relationships with its customers, vendors, suppliers and employees or recruiting and retention efforts, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction. In addition, Sprint will not have the right to a termination fee from Clearwire if the Clearwire Acquisition Agreement is terminated, regardless of the actual amount of Sprint's damages or costs incurred in connection with the Clearwire Acquisition. There can be no assurance that Sprint's business, these relationships or its financial condition will not be negatively impacted, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the SoftBank Merger, if the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition are not consummated. 

If SoftBank's financing for the SoftBank Merger is not funded, the SoftBank Merger may not be completed. In the event of a financing failure, and the termination of the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, Sprint's remedies are limited to receipt of the $600 million reverse termination fee, which may not reflect the actual damages incurred by Sprint if the SoftBank Merger is not completed.

SoftBank intends to fund the cash required in connection with the SoftBank Merger and related transactions largely with debt financing. On December 18, 2012, SoftBank entered into a credit agreement with its lenders for the debt financing for the SoftBank Merger. To the extent one or more of the lenders is unwilling to, or unable to, fund its portion of the debt financing commitments under the credit agreement, the other lenders are not obligated to assume the unfunded commitments and SoftBank may be required to seek alternative financing or fund such portion of the commitments itself. The lenders' debt financing commitments are subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, including conditions relating to any of Sprint's outstanding indebtedness that may become payable as a result of the SoftBank Merger, the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the SoftBank Merger, the execution of satisfactory documentation and other customary closing conditions, among others. The lenders' commitments to provide the debt financing under the credit agreement expire on November 18, 2013. 

Under the Merger Agreement, SoftBank is obligated to use its reasonable best efforts (i) to obtain the debt financing on the terms set forth in the debt commitment letters that its lenders executed in connection with the debt financing and upon which the credit agreement is based and (ii) in the event the debt financing is not available, to obtain alternative financing on financial terms no more favorable to SoftBank and subject to conditions not less favorable to SoftBank. In the event that all or any portion of the debt financing is not available under the credit agreement, financing alternatives may not be available on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. If SoftBank is unable to obtain the funding from its lenders, or any alternative financing, the completion of the SoftBank Merger may be jeopardized.

Under certain circumstances, Sprint may seek to require SoftBank to issue a borrowing certificate, borrowing notice or similar document pursuant to the SoftBank debt financing documents in order to permit the SoftBank Merger closing to occur. Sprint will have the right to terminate the Merger Agreement and SoftBank will be required to pay Sprint a $600 million reverse termination fee if (a) the SoftBank Merger is not consummated within 11 business days following Sprint's notice to SoftBank that all conditions to closing have been satisfied or (b) during the 30 business day period beginning on April 15, 2013, the credit agreement has been terminated and SoftBank is not party to an alternative debt commitment letter or definitive financing documents which, in either case, provide for debt financing to be available from April 15, 2013 until October 15, 2013. SoftBank will also be required to pay a reverse termination fee if the Merger Agreement is terminated at the end date or by Sprint due to a breach by SoftBank and, at the time of such termination, all of the closing conditions are satisfied (other than delivery of the parties' closing certificates) and there was an uncured financing failure. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under any circumstance that entitles Sprint to receive the reverse termination fee, the right to receive the reverse termination fee is Sprint's only remedy and Sprint cannot otherwise seek damages from SoftBank for the 

16

Table of Contents

failure of the SoftBank Merger to be completed or for any other matter, regardless of the actual amount of Sprint's damages.

The SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition are subject to the receipt of consents and clearances from domestic and foreign regulatory authorities that may impose measures to protect national security and classified projects or other conditions that, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition. 

While the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act on December 6, 2012, with respect to the SoftBank Merger, before the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition may be completed, applicable waiting periods must expire or terminate under all other applicable antirust and competition laws, and various approvals or consents must be obtained from other regulatory entities. In deciding whether to grant antitrust or regulatory clearances, the relevant governmental entities will consider the effect of the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition on competition within their relevant jurisdiction. Due to the substantial foreign ownership of New Sprint shares following the SoftBank Merger, each of the FCC, Defense Security Service and Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may take measures and impose conditions to protect national security and classified projects. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions, or that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition. In addition, Sprint cannot provide assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the SoftBank Merger or the Clearwire Acquisition. 

The SoftBank Merger will result in an ownership change for Sprint under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (Code), potentially limiting Sprint's use of net operating loss carryforwards, referred to as NOLs, tax credits and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities.

Sprint has substantial NOLs, tax credits and other tax attributes for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. The utilization of Sprint's NOLs, tax credits and other tax attributes following the SoftBank Merger depends on the timing and amount of taxable income earned by Sprint in the future, which Sprint is not able to predict. Moreover, the SoftBank Merger will result in an ownership change for Sprint under Section 382 of the Code, potentially limiting the use of Sprint's NOLs to offset future taxable income for both U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. Section 383 of the Code applies a similar limitation to capital loss and certain tax credit carryforwards of a corporation which experiences such an ownership change. These limitations may affect the timing of when these NOLs, tax credits and other tax attributes may be used which, in turn, may impact the timing and amount of cash taxes payable by Sprint. These tax attributes are generally subject to expiration at various times in the future to the extent that they have not previously been applied to offset the taxable income or tax liabilities of Sprint.

Competition and technological changes in the market for wireless services could negatively affect Sprint's average revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, operating costs and its ability to attract new subscribers, resulting in adverse effects on Sprint's revenues, future cash flows, growth and profitability. 

Sprint competes with a number of other wireless service providers in each of the markets in which Sprint provides wireless services, and Sprint expects competition may increase if additional spectrum is made available for commercial wireless services and as new technologies are developed and launched. As smartphone penetration increases, Sprint continues to expect an increased usage of data on Sprint's network. Competition in pricing and service and product offerings may also adversely impact subscriber retention and Sprint's ability to attract new subscribers, with adverse effects on Sprint's results of operations. A decline in the average revenue per subscriber coupled with a decline in the number of subscribers would negatively impact Sprint's revenues, future cash flows, growth and overall profitability, which, in turn, could impact Sprint's ability to meet Sprint's financial obligations.

The wireless communications industry is experiencing significant technological change, including improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology and the deployment of unlicensed spectrum devices. This change causes uncertainty about future subscriber demand for Sprint's wireless services and the prices that Sprint will be able to charge for these services. Spending by Sprint's competitors on new wireless services and network improvements could enable its competitors to obtain a competitive advantage with new technologies or enhancements that Sprint does not offer. Rapid change in technology may lead to the development of wireless 

17

Table of Contents

communications technologies, products or alternative services that are superior to Sprint's technologies, products, or services or that consumers prefer over Sprint's. If Sprint is unable to meet future advances in competing technologies on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, Sprint may not be able to compete effectively and could lose subscribers to its competitors.

Some competitors and new entrants may be able to offer subscribers network features or products and services not offered by Sprint, coverage in areas not served by Sprint's wireless networks or pricing plans that are lower than those offered by Sprint, all of which would negatively affect Sprint's average revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, ability to attract new subscribers, and operating costs. 

The success of Sprint's network modernization plan, Network Vision, will depend on the timing, extent and cost of implementation; the performance of third-parties and related parties; upgrade requirements; and the availability and reliability of the various technologies required to provide such modernization. 

Sprint must continually invest in its wireless network in order to continually improve its wireless service to meet the increasing demand for usage of Sprint's data and other non-voice services and remain competitive.

Improvements in Sprint's service depend on many factors, including continued access to and deployment of adequate spectrum. Sprint must maintain and expand its network capacity and coverage as well as the associated wireline network needed to transport voice and data between cell sites. If Sprint is unable to obtain access to additional spectrum to increase capacity or to deploy the services subscribers desire on a timely basis or at acceptable costs while maintaining network quality levels, Sprint's ability to retain and attract subscribers could be materially adversely affected, which would negatively impact its operating margins.

Sprint is implementing Network Vision, which is a multi-year infrastructure initiative intended to reduce operating costs and provide subscribers with an enhanced network experience by improving voice quality, coverage and data speeds, while enhancing network flexibility and improving environmental sustainability. The focus of the plan is on upgrading the existing Sprint platform and providing flexibility for new 4G technologies, including LTE. If Network Vision does not provide a competitive LTE network, an enhanced network experience, Sprint's ability to provide enhanced wireless services to its subscribers, to retain and attract subscribers, and to maintain and grow its subscriber revenues could be adversely affected.

Using a new and sophisticated technology on a very large scale entails risks. For example, deployment of new technology, including LTE, may adversely affect the performance of existing services on Sprint's networks and result in increased churn. Should implementation of Sprint's upgraded network be delayed or costs exceed expected amounts, its margins could be adversely affected and such effects could be material. Should the delivery of services expected to be deployed on Sprint's upgraded network be delayed due to technological constraints, performance of third-party suppliers, zoning and leasing restrictions or permit issues, or other reasons, the cost of providing such services could become higher than expected, which could result in higher costs to customers, potentially resulting in decisions to purchase services from Sprint's competitors which would adversely affect Sprint's revenues, profitability and cash flow from operations.

Sprint is migrating existing Nextel platform subscribers to other offerings on the Sprint platform, including existing or future offerings on Sprint's multi-mode network, such as Sprint Direct Connect. The successful deployment and market acceptance of Network Vision has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in incremental charges during the period of implementation including, but not limited to, an increase in depreciation and amortization associated with existing assets, due to changes in Sprint's estimates of the remaining useful lives of long-lived assets, and the expected timing of asset retirement obligations. Sprint's ability to transition subscribers from the Nextel platform to offerings on the Sprint platform is dependent, in part, upon the success of Sprint Direct Connect and subscriber satisfaction with this technology.

Failure to complete development, testing and deployment of new technology that supports new services, including LTE, could affect Sprint's ability to compete in the industry. The deployment of new technology and new service offerings could result in network degradation or the loss of subscribers. In addition, the technology Sprint currently uses, including WiMAX, may place it at a competitive disadvantage. 

Sprint develops, tests and deploys various new technologies and support systems intended to enhance Sprint's competitiveness by both supporting new services and features and reducing the costs associated with providing those services. Successful development and implementation of technology upgrades depend, in part, on the willingness of third parties to develop new applications or devices in a timely manner. Sprint may not 

18

Table of Contents

successfully complete the development and rollout of new technology and related features or services in a timely manner, and they may not be widely accepted by Sprint's subscribers or may not be profitable, in which case Sprint could not recover its investment in the technology. Deployment of technology supporting new service offerings may also adversely affect the performance or reliability of Sprint's networks with respect to both the new and existing services and may require us to take action like curtailing new subscribers in certain markets. Any resulting subscriber dissatisfaction could affect Sprint's ability to retain subscribers and have an adverse effect on its results of operations and growth prospects.

Sprint has expended significant resources and made substantial investments to deploy a 4G mobile broadband network through its equity method investment in Clearwire using WiMAX technology. As part of Network Vision, Sprint expects to continue to support WiMAX devices, as it fully transitions to LTE. The failure to successfully design, build and deploy Sprint's LTE network, or a loss of or inability to access Clearwire's spectrum could increase subscriber losses, increase Sprint's costs of providing services or increase Sprint's churn. Other competing technologies may have advantages over Sprint's current or planned technology and operators of other networks based on those competing technologies may be able to deploy these alternative technologies at a lower cost and more quickly than the cost and speed with which Clearwire provides 4G MVNO services to Sprint or with which it deploys Sprint's LTE network, which may allow those operators to compete more effectively or may require Sprint and Clearwire to deploy additional technologies. See “-Risks Relating to Clearwire” below for additional risks related to Clearwire.

Current economic and market conditions, Sprint's recent financial performance, its high debt levels, and its debt ratings could negatively impact its access to the capital markets resulting in less growth than planned or failure to satisfy financial covenants under Sprint's existing debt agreements. 

Sprint may incur additional debt in the future for a variety of reasons, such as refinancing, Network Vision and working capital needs, including equipment net subsidies, future investments or acquisitions. Sprint's ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, current economic and market conditions, its financial performance, its high debt levels, and its debt ratings. Some of these factors are beyond Sprint's control, and Sprint may not be able to arrange additional financing on terms acceptable to it or at all. Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed could, among other things, result in Sprint's inability to continue to expand its businesses and meet competitive challenges, including implementation of Network Vision on Sprint's current timeline.

The continued instability in the global financial markets has resulted in periodic volatility in the credit, equity and fixed income markets. This volatility could limit Sprint's access to the credit markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to it, or at all.

Sprint has incurred substantial amounts of indebtedness to finance operations and other general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2012, Sprint's total debt was approximately 
$24.3 billion
. As a result, Sprint is highly leveraged and will continue to be highly leveraged. Accordingly, Sprint's debt service requirements are significant in relation to its revenues and cash flow. This leverage exposes it to risk in the event of downturns in Sprint's businesses (whether through competitive pressures or otherwise), in its industry or in the economy generally, and may impair Sprint's operating flexibility and its ability to compete effectively, particularly with respect to competitors that are less leveraged.

The debt ratings for Sprint's outstanding notes are currently below the “investment grade” category, which results in higher borrowing costs than investment grade debt as well as reduced marketability of Sprint's debt. Sprint's debt ratings could be further downgraded for various reasons, including if it incurs significant additional indebtedness including indebtedness relating to any required change of control offer, or if it does not generate sufficient cash from its operations, which would likely increase Sprint's future borrowing costs and could adversely affect Sprint's ability to obtain additional capital.

Sprint's new $2.8 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which expires in February 2018, requires that the ratio (Leverage Ratio) of total indebtedness to trailing four quarters earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and other non-recurring items, as defined by the credit facility (adjusted EBITDA), not exceed 6.25 to 1.0 through June 30, 2014. Subsequent to June 30, 2014 the Leverage Ratio declines on a scheduled basis, as determined by the credit agreement, until the ratio becomes fixed at 4.0 to 1.0 for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2016 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. If Sprint does not continue to satisfy this required ratio, it will be in default under its new revolving credit facility, which would trigger defaults under Sprint's 

19

Table of Contents

other debt obligations, which in turn could result in the maturities of certain debt obligations being accelerated. Additionally, although we expect to remain in compliance with the covenants under our new revolving credit and secured equipment credit facilities through the next twelve months, our Leverage Ratio under our unsecured loan agreement with Export Development Canada (EDC) is more restrictive. While we are currently in discussions with the lender under our EDC facility to amend such agreement to reflect the Leverage Ratio permitted under our revolving bank credit facility, there can be no assurance that Sprint can obtain such amendment. Further, if the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Sprint's consolidated debt would increase by approximately $4.3 billion (based on Clearwire's debt as of December 31, 2012, excluding short-term debt expected to be paid by June 30, 2013). In addition to the covenants in Sprint's new revolving credit facility, Sprint's EDC facility and Sprint's secured equipment credit facility, certain indentures governing Sprint's notes limit, among other things, Sprint's ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends, create liens and sell, transfer, lease or dispose of assets. Such restrictions could adversely affect Sprint's ability to access the capital markets or engage in certain transactions.

 Although these restrictions do not limit Sprint's ability to engage in the SoftBank Merger, under the terms of Sprint's EDC facility and secured equipment credit facility, consummation of the SoftBank Merger would constitute a change of control that would enable the lenders thereunder to require repayment of all outstanding balances thereunder. If the lenders exercised their rights as a consequence of the change of control, amounts outstanding under the EDC facility and the secured equipment credit facility, which were approximately 
$796 million
 in the aggregate at December 31, 2012, would become due and payable at the time of closing. Sprint is currently in discussions with the existing lenders under the EDC and secured equipment facilities and intends to amend these facilities to, among other things, exclude the SoftBank Merger from the change of control provisions. 

The trading price of Sprint's common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and may not reflect Sprint's actual operations and performance. We expect that these factors will affect New Sprint and the New Sprint common stock following the effective time of the SoftBank Merger. 

Market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of Sprint's common stock, regardless of Sprint's actual operations and performance. Stock price volatility and sustained decreases in Sprint's share price could subject its stockholders to losses or lead to action by the NYSE. The trading price of Sprint's common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond Sprint's control, including, but not limited to:

•

uncertainty related to Sprint's proposed transactions with SoftBank and Clearwire;

•

market speculation or announcements by Sprint regarding the entering into, or termination of, material transactions, including the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition; 

•

disruption to Sprint's operations or those of other companies critical to Sprint's network operations; 

•

the performance of SoftBank and SoftBank's ordinary shares or speculation about the possibility of future actions SoftBank may take in connection with New Sprint; 

•

quarterly announcements and variations in Sprint's results of operations or those of its competitors, either alone or in comparison to analysts' expectations or prior company estimates, including announcements of subscriber counts, rates of churn, and operating margins that would result in downward pressure on Sprint's stock price; 

•

seasonality or other variations in Sprint's subscriber base, including its rate of churn; 

•

the cost and availability or perceived availability of additional capital and market perceptions relating to Sprint's access to this capital; 

•

announcements by Sprint or its competitors of acquisitions, new products, technologies, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

•

Sprint's ability to develop and market new and enhanced technologies, products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, including implementation of Network Vision and Sprint's networks; 

•

recommendations by securities analysts or changes in their estimates concerning Sprint; 

•

the incurrence of additional debt, dilutive issuances of Sprint's stock, short sales or hedging of, and other derivative transactions, in its common stock; 

•

any significant change in Sprint's board of directors or management; 

•

litigation; 

20

Table of Contents

•

changes in governmental regulations or approvals; and 

•

perceptions of general market conditions in the technology and communications industries, the U.S. economy and global market conditions. 

Consolidation and competition in the wholesale market for wireline services, as well as consolidation of Sprint's roaming partners and access providers used for wireless services, could adversely affect Sprint's revenues and profitability. 

Sprint's Wireline segment competes with AT&T, Verizon Communications, CenturyLink, Level 3 Communications Inc., other major local incumbent operating companies, and cable operators, as well as a host of smaller competitors. Some of these companies have high-capacity, IP-based fiber-optic networks capable of supporting large amounts of voice and data traffic. Some of these companies claim certain cost structure advantages that, among other factors, may allow them to offer services at lower prices than Sprint can. In addition, consolidation by these companies could lead to fewer companies controlling access to more cell sites, enabling them to control usage and rates, which could negatively affect Sprint's revenues and profitability.

Sprint provides wholesale services under long-term contracts to cable television operators which enable these operators to provide consumer and business digital telephone services. These contracts may not be renewed as they expire. Increased competition and the significant increase in capacity resulting from new technologies and networks may drive already low prices down further. AT&T and Verizon Communications continue to be Sprint's two largest competitors in the domestic long distance communications market. Sprint and other long distance carriers depend heavily on local access facilities obtained from ILECs to serve Sprint's long distance subscribers, and payments to ILECs for these facilities are a significant cost of service for Sprint's Wireline segment. The long distance operations of AT&T and Verizon Communications have cost and operational advantages with respect to these access facilities because those carriers serve significant geographic areas, including many large urban areas, as the ILECs.

In addition, Sprint's Wireless segment could be adversely affected by changes in rates and access fees that result from consolidation of Sprint's roaming partners and access providers, which could negatively affect Sprint's revenues and profitability.

The blurring of the traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services contributes to increased competition. 

The traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services are increasingly becoming blurred. In addition, the dividing lines between voice and data are also becoming blurred. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, major providers are striving to provide integrated services in many of the markets Sprint serves. This trend is also reflected in changes in the regulatory environment that have encouraged competition and the offering of integrated services. Sprint expects competition to intensify as a result of the entrance of new competitors or the expansion of services offered by existing competitors, and the rapid development of new technologies, products and services. Sprint cannot predict which of many possible future technologies, products, or services will be important to maintain Sprint's competitive position or what expenditures Sprint will be required to make in order to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. To the extent Sprint does not keep pace with technological advances or fails to timely respond to changes in the competitive environment affecting Sprint's industry, Sprint could lose market share or experience a decline in revenue, cash flows and net income. As a result of the financial strength and benefits of scale enjoyed by some of Sprint's competitors, they may be able to offer services at lower prices than Sprint can, thereby adversely affecting Sprint's revenues, growth and profitability.

Subscriber dissatisfaction, including possible litigation, related to the Nextel Platform shut-down could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Sprint is migrating existing Nextel platform subscribers to other offerings on the Sprint platform, including existing or future offerings on Sprint's multi-mode network, such as Sprint Direct Connect. Sprint's ability to maintain existing subscriber relationships depends significantly on the quality of our services, our reputation, and the continuity of service. Subscriber dissatisfaction with the shut-down of services on the Nextel platform or of alternative services or damage to our reputation as a result of the shut-down could result in a loss of subscribers or 

21

Table of Contents

litigation that could cause our revenue to be reduced or our expenses to be increased resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If Sprint is unable to improve Sprint's results of operations, it faces the possibility of charges for impairments of long-lived assets. Further, Sprint's future operating results will be impacted by Sprint's share of Clearwire's net loss as well as the potential Clearwire Acquisition, which will likely negatively affect Sprint's results of operations for a period of time subsequent to the Clearwire Acquisition. The carrying value of Sprint's current investment in Clearwire may be subject to further impairment if the Clearwire Acquisition does not close. 

Sprint reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If Sprint continues to have operational challenges, including obtaining and retaining subscribers, Sprint's future cash flows may not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of Sprint's long-lived assets, and Sprint could record asset impairments that are material to Sprint's consolidated results of operations and financial condition. If Sprint continues to have challenges retaining subscribers and as it assesses the deployment of Network Vision, management may conclude, in future periods, that certain equipment assets will never be either deployed or redeployed, in which case additional cash and/or non-cash charges that could be material to Sprint's consolidated financial statements would be recognized.

Sprint accounts for Sprint's current investment in Clearwire using the equity method of accounting and, as a result, it records its share of Clearwire's net income or net loss, which could adversely affect Sprint's consolidated results of operations. Clearwire reported that it will need substantial additional capital over the intermediate and long-term. Clearwire's ability, however, to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, will remain uncertain if the proposed Clearwire Acquisition does not close. In addition, Clearwire reported that if it fails to obtain additional capital, its business prospects, financial condition and results of operations will likely be materially and adversely affected, and it will be forced to consider all available alternatives. Declines in the estimated fair value of Clearwire resulting from potential declines in its stock price as a result of failure to close the Clearwire Acquisition may require Sprint to reevaluate the decline in relation to the carrying value of its current investment in Clearwire. A conclusion by Sprint that additional declines in the value of Clearwire are other than temporary could result in an additional impairment, which could be material.

Each of Sprint and Clearwire has entered into agreements with unrelated parties for certain business operations. Any difficulties experienced by Sprint or, to the extent the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Clearwire in these arrangements could result in additional expense, loss of subscribers and revenue, interruption of Sprint's services or a delay in the roll-out of new technology.

Sprint has entered into agreements with unrelated parties for the day-to-day execution of services, provisioning and maintenance for Sprint's wireless and wireline networks, for the implementation of Network Vision, and for the development and maintenance of certain software systems necessary for the operation of Sprint's business. Clearwire has also entered into similar arrangements relating to its wireless networks. Sprint also has agreements with unrelated parties to provide customer service and related support to its wireless subscribers and outsourced aspects of Sprint's wireline network and back office functions to unrelated parties. In addition, Sprint has sublease agreements with unrelated parties for space on communications towers. As a result, Sprint must rely on unrelated parties to perform certain of its operations and, in certain circumstances, interface with Sprint's subscribers. If these unrelated parties were unable to perform to Sprint's or, to the extent the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Clearwire's requirements, Sprint would have to pursue alternative strategies to provide these services and that could result in delays, interruptions, additional expenses and loss of subscribers. 

The products and services utilized by Sprint and its suppliers and service providers may infringe on intellectual property rights owned by others. 

Some of Sprint's products and services use intellectual property that Sprint owns. Sprint also purchases products from suppliers, including device suppliers, and outsources services to service providers, including billing and customer care functions, that incorporate or utilize intellectual property. Sprint and some of its suppliers and service providers have received, and may receive in the future, assertions and claims from third parties that the products or software utilized by Sprint or its suppliers and service providers infringe on the patents or other intellectual property rights of these third parties. These claims could require Sprint or an infringing supplier or service provider to cease certain activities or to cease selling the relevant products and services. These claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend, and divert management resources. If these claims are successful, Sprint could 

22

Table of Contents

be forced to pay significant damages or stop selling certain products or services or stop using certain trademarks, which could have an adverse effect on Sprint's results of operations.

Government regulation could adversely affect Sprint's prospects and results of operations; the FCC and state regulatory commissions may adopt new regulations or take other actions that could adversely affect Sprint's business prospects, future growth or results of operations. 

The FCC and other federal, state and local, as well as international, governmental authorities have jurisdiction over Sprint's business and could adopt regulations or take other actions that would adversely affect Sprint's business prospects or results of operations.

The licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems are regulated by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, international, state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands.

The FCC grants wireless licenses for terms of generally ten years that are subject to renewal and revocation. There is no guarantee that Sprint's licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply with FCC requirements applicable to a given license could result in revocation of that license and, depending on the nature of the non-compliance, other Sprint licenses.

Depending on their outcome, the FCC's proceedings regarding regulation of special access rates could affect the rates paid by Sprint's Wireless and Wireline segments for special access services in the future. Similarly, depending on their outcome, the FCC's proceedings on the regulatory classification of VoIP services and a pending appeal of the FCC's 2011 order reforming universal service for high cost area and intercarrier compensation could affect the intercarrier compensation rates and the level of USF contributions paid by Sprint.

Various states are considering regulations over terms and conditions of service, including certain billing practices and consumer-related issues that may not be pre-empted by federal law. If imposed, these regulations could make it more difficult and expensive to implement national sales and marketing programs and could increase the costs of Sprint's wireless operations.

Degradation in network performance caused by compliance with government regulation, such as “net neutrality,” loss of spectrum or additional rules associated with the use of spectrum in any market could result in an inability to attract new subscribers or higher subscriber churn in that market, which could adversely affect Sprint's revenues and results of operations. Furthermore, additional costs or fees imposed by governmental regulation could adversely affect Sprint's revenues, future growth and results of operations.

Regulatory developments regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries could affect the sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of certain products, including handsets. Although Sprint does not purchase raw materials, manufacture, or produce any electronic equipment directly, the regulation may affect some of Sprint's suppliers. As a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict free metals, and Sprint cannot ensure that it will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, because Sprint's supply chain is complex, it may face reputational challenges with its customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all metals used in the products that Sprint sells.

Changes to the federal Lifeline Assistance Program could negatively impact the growth of the Assurance Wireless and wholesale subscriber base and the profitability of the Assurance Wireless and wholesale business overall. 

Virgin Mobile USA, L.P., Sprint's wholly-owned subsidiary, offers service to low-income subscribers eligible for the federal Lifeline Assistance program under the brand Assurance Wireless, which we refer to as Assurance Wireless. Assurance Wireless provides a monthly discount to eligible subscribers in the form of a free block of minutes. Moreover, some of Sprint's wholesale customers also offer service to subscribers eligible for the federal Lifeline Assistance program. This discount is subsidized by the Low-Income Program of the federal USF and administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company. Lifeline service is offered by both wireline and wireless companies, but more recent wireless entry, particularly by prepaid carriers with a focus on lower income consumers, has caused a rapid increase in the amount of USF support directed toward the Lifeline program. The FCC recently adopted reforms to the Low Income program to increase program effectiveness and efficiencies, 

23

Table of Contents

including a limit of one subsidized service per household. More stringent eligibility and certification requirements will make it more difficult for all Lifeline service providers to sign up and retain Lifeline subscribers. The growth in the Lifeline program has caused some regulators and legislators to question the structure of the current program and the FCC is continuing to review the growth of the program. Changes in the Lifeline program as a result of the ongoing FCC proceeding or other legislation has and would continue to negatively impact growth in the Assurance Wireless and wholesale subscriber base and/or the profitability of the Assurance Wireless and wholesale business overall.

If Sprint's business partners and subscribers fail to meet their contractual obligations it could negatively affect Sprint's results of operations. 

The current economic environment has made it difficult for businesses and consumers to obtain credit, which could cause Sprint's suppliers, distributors and subscribers to have problems meeting their contractual obligations with Sprint. If Sprint's suppliers are unable to fulfill its orders or meet their contractual obligations with Sprint, Sprint may not have the services or devices available to meet the needs of its current and future subscribers, which could cause it to lose current and potential subscribers to other carriers. In addition, if Sprint's distributors are unable to stay in business, it could lose distribution points, which could negatively affect Sprint's business and results of operations. If Sprint's subscribers are unable to pay their bills or potential subscribers feel they are unable to take on additional financial obligations, they may be forced to forgo Sprint's services, which could negatively affect Sprint's results of operations.

Sprint's reputation and business may be harmed and it may be subject to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to Sprint's subscribers' or Sprint's own information or other breaches of Sprint's information security. 

Sprint makes extensive use of online services and centralized data processing, including through third-party service providers. The secure maintenance and transmission of customer information is an important element of Sprint's operations. Sprint's information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer information, or those of service providers, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of Sprint's network security, or that of a third-party service provider, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by Sprint's employees, or those of a third-party service provider. As a result, Sprint's subscribers' information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without the subscribers' consent.

In addition, Sprint and third-party service providers process and maintain its proprietary business information and data related to its business-to-business customers or suppliers. Sprint's information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit this information, or those of service providers, may also be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of Sprint's network security or that of a third-party service provider, or impacted by intentional or inadvertent actions or inactions by Sprint's employees or those of a third-party service provider. As a result, Sprint's business information, or subscriber or supplier data may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent.

Any major compromise of our data or network security, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of our services or any customer information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and subscribers' willingness to purchase our service and subject us to additional costs and liabilities, including litigation, which could be material. 

Any potential future acquisitions, strategic investments or mergers may subject us to significant risks, any of which may harm our business.

Our long-term strategy may include identifying and acquiring, investing in or merging with suitable candidates on acceptable terms. In particular, over time, we may acquire, make investments in, or merge with companies that complement our business. Acquisitions would involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 

•

diversion of management attention from running our existing business; 

•

possible material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting; 

•

increased expenses including legal, administrative and compensation expenses related to newly hired employees; 

24

Table of Contents

•

increased costs to integrate the technology, personnel, customer base and business practices of the acquired company with our own; 

•

potential exposure to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process; 

•

potential adverse effects on our reported operating results due to possible write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with acquisitions; 

•

acquisition financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; and

•

any acquired business, technology, service or product may significantly under-perform relative to our expectations, and we may not achieve the benefits we expect from our acquisitions. 

For any or all of these reasons, our pursuit of an acquisition, investment or merger may cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. 

Sprint's business could be negatively impacted by threats and other disruptions. 

Major equipment failures, natural disasters, including severe weather, terrorist acts or other breaches of network or information technology security that affect Sprint's wireline and wireless networks, including transport facilities, communications switches, routers, microwave links, cell sites or other equipment or third-party owned local and long-distance networks on which Sprint relies, could have a material adverse effect on Sprint's operations.

These events could disrupt Sprint's operations, require significant resources, result in a loss of subscribers or impair Sprint's ability to attract new subscribers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Sprint's business, results of operations and financial condition.

Concerns about health risks associated with wireless equipment may reduce the demand for Sprint's services. 

Portable communications devices have been alleged to have adverse health effects, due to radio frequency emissions from these devices. The actual or perceived risk of using mobile communications devices could adversely affect Sprint through a reduction in subscribers or reduced financing available to the mobile communications industry. Although the FDA and FCC have both noted that the weight of the scientific evidence does not link cell phone use to cancer or any health problems, further research and studies are ongoing; Sprint has no reason to expect those studies to reach a different conclusion, but it cannot guarantee that additional studies will not demonstrate a link between radio frequency emissions and health concerns.

Risks Relating to Clearwire

Sprint is currently a major equityholder of Clearwire, and on December 17, 2012, Sprint announced that it had agreed to acquire all of the equity interests of Clearwire Corporation not currently owned by Sprint subject to the terms and conditions of the Clearwire Acquisition Agreement. The following are certain additional risks that relate to the Clearwire Acquisition, Sprint's existing investment in Clearwire and the business and operations of Clearwire. If the Clearwire Acquisition and the SoftBank Merger are consummated, Clearwire will be an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of New Sprint, and therefore, certain risks that relate to Clearwire will also relate to New Sprint. For more discussion of Clearwire and the risks affecting Clearwire, you should refer to Clearwire's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and the

notice to holders of Clearwire common stock and an accompanying proxy statement to be filed by Clearwire with the SEC, a preliminary form of which was filed by Clearwire with the SEC on February 1, 2013. The contents of Clearwire's SEC filings are expressly not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K.

Clearwire currently could be, and if the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Clearwire would be, considered a subsidiary and affiliate under certain of Sprint's agreements relating to its indebtedness and could cross-default Sprint's debt. 

If the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, Sprint will own all of the outstanding equity interests in Clearwire. As a result, Clearwire would be considered a subsidiary under certain agreements relating to Sprint's indebtedness, and therefore certain actions or defaults by Clearwire could potentially result in a breach by Sprint of covenants and cross-default provisions under certain agreements relating to its indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on Sprint's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, including as a result of cross-defaults of Sprint's other debt facilities in connection with any acceleration of such indebtedness. Additionally, pursuant to certain of its debt agreements, Sprint would be subject to covenants relating to the 

25

Table of Contents

maintenance of property and payment of taxes of Clearwire. As an affiliate of Sprint, transactions involving Sprint and Clearwire would be subject to certain related party transaction and asset sale restrictions under certain of Sprint's credit agreements and Clearwire's agreements, which could restrict integration efforts. Further, while Clearwire is currently not permitted to guarantee Sprint's indebtedness under Clearwire's agreements now in effect, as a subsidiary of Sprint, Clearwire will be required to guarantee certain Sprint indebtedness if permitted under such agreements. 

In addition, on December 11, 2012, Sprint purchased all of Eagle River's equity interest in Clearwire, causing Sprint's economic and voting interest in Clearwire to exceed 50%. As a result of this acquisition, certain of the above referenced provisions, including the cross-default, relating to Clearwire as a subsidiary and affiliate of Sprint may already be applicable to Sprint and Clearwire regardless of whether the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated (provided that Clearwire would not be considered a subsidiary of Sprint under certain Sprint debt agreements or be required to guarantee Sprint's indebtedness unless, among other things, it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sprint).

Additional review by regulatory agencies of the SoftBank Merger, together with the proposed Clearwire Acquisition, could result in delays in the regulatory approvals needed to close the SoftBank Merger. 

Sprint and SoftBank, and Sprint and Clearwire, have made various filings and taken other actions, and will continue to take actions, necessary to obtain governmental approvals in connection with the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition, respectively, and related transactions. Several governmental agencies may elect to review the Clearwire Acquisition together with the SoftBank Merger, which could have the effect of delaying approval for, and closing of, the SoftBank Merger. While Sprint and SoftBank believe that required regulatory approvals for both the SoftBank Merger and the Clearwire Acquisition will ultimately be obtained, these approvals are not assured. 

Continued investment by Sprint in Clearwire exposes Sprint to risks because Sprint does not currently control the board, determine the strategies, manage operations or control management, including decisions relating to the operation and build-out of its 4G networks, and the value of Sprint's investment in Clearwire or Sprint's financial performance may be adversely affected by decisions made by Clearwire or other large investors in Clearwire that are adverse to Sprint's interests. 

Sprint has historically been exposed to risk with respect to control and management of Clearwire, and this risk will continue during the period prior to the closing of the Clearwire Acquisition and longer if the Clearwire Acquisition does not close. While Sprint has the right to appoint up to seven of Clearwire's 13 directors, Sprint does not currently control Clearwire's board, nor does it manage the operations of Clearwire or control management. Clearwire has a group of investors that are represented on Clearwire's board of directors. These investors may have interests that diverge from Sprint's or Clearwire's. Differences in views among the large investors could result in delayed decisions by Clearwire's board of directors or failure to agree on major issues. Any such delay or failure to agree with respect to the operation of Clearwire could have a material adverse effect on the value of Sprint's investment in Clearwire or, because some of Sprint's subscribers use Clearwire's 4G network, Sprint's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In addition, the corporate opportunity provisions in Clearwire's certificate of incorporation provide that unless a director is an employee of Clearwire, the person does not have a duty to present to Clearwire a corporate opportunity of which the director becomes aware, except where the corporate opportunity is expressly offered to the director in his or her capacity as a director of Clearwire. This could enable certain Clearwire stockholders to benefit from opportunities that may otherwise be available to Clearwire, which could adversely affect Clearwire's business and Sprint's investment in Clearwire.

Clearwire's certificate of incorporation also expressly provides that certain stockholders and their affiliates may, and have no duty not to, engage in any businesses that are similar to or competitive with those of Clearwire, do business with Clearwire's competitors, subscribers and suppliers, and employ Clearwire's employees or officers. These stockholders or their affiliates may deploy competing wireless broadband networks or purchase broadband services from other providers. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on Clearwire's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and the value of Sprint's investment in Clearwire.

Moreover, although as part of Network Vision Sprint has launched Sprint's own LTE network in limited markets, Sprint currently relies on Clearwire to operate its WiMAX 4G network. In addition, Clearwire has 

26

Table of Contents

announced its intention to build a 4G LTE network. Clearwire's success could be affected by, among other things, its deployment of new technology, ability to offer a competitive cost structure and its ability to obtain additional financing in the amounts and on terms that enable it to continue to operate its 4G network. Clearwire's failure to operate or upgrade its 4G network may negatively affect Sprint's ability to generate future revenues, cash flows or overall profitability from 4G services. See “—Failure to complete development, testing and deployment of new technology that supports new services, including LTE, could affect Sprint's ability to compete in the industry. The deployment of new technology and new service offerings could result in network degradation or the loss of subscribers. In addition, the technology Sprint currently uses, including WiMAX, may place Sprint at a competitive disadvantage.”

If Clearwire fails to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, its business prospects, financial condition and results of operations will likely be materially and adversely affected, and it has stated that it will be forced to consider all available alternatives. In addition, Clearwire has indicated that due to its current funding constraints, it may not be able to maintain or make improvements necessary to add capacity to its 4G network. If Clearwire is unable to add significant subscriber capacity, or maintain the quality and operations of its 4G network, Sprint could experience subscriber dissatisfaction or loss, which would have a material adverse effect on Sprint's revenues, profitability and cash flow from operations. Moreover, Sprint currently accesses Clearwire's spectrum through an MVNO agreement, which if breached or terminated could affect Sprint's ability to access Clearwire spectrum. 

In connection with the Clearwire Acquisition, Clearwire and Sprint have entered into agreements that provide up to $800 million of additional financing for Clearwire in the form of exchangeable notes, which will be convertible under certain conditions to Clearwire common stock at $1.50 per share, subject to adjustment, as defined. Under the financing agreements, Sprint has agreed to purchase up to $80 million of exchangeable notes per month for up to ten months beginning in January 2013, subject to certain funding conditions including conditions relating to a network build-out agreement and the consummation of the proposed Clearwire Acquisition. 

On February 26, 2013, Sprint and Clearwire amended the exchangeable notes agreement to remove the network build out condition to Sprint’s obligation to provide financing for the last three draws (in August, September and October 2013). Accordingly, Clearwire, at its option, is eligible for the last three draws, totaling

$240 million. In addition, Clearwire provided its first notification to Sprint of its election to draw $80 million, under the terms of the financing agreements, in March 2013.

If the Clearwire Acquisition is consummated, and Sprint does not maintain rights to use Clearwire's leased spectrum in one or more markets, Sprint may be unable to execute its business strategy as planned.

To offer services using licensed spectrum, Clearwire depends in part on its ability to maintain sufficient rights to use spectrum through leases in markets in which it operates or intends to operate. Using Clearwire's leased spectrum would pose additional risks to us, including:

•

refusal by the FCC to recognize Clearwire's lease of spectrum licenses from others or its investments in other license holders;

•

inability to control leased spectrum due to contractual disputes with, or the bankruptcy or other reorganization of, the license holders, or third parties; and

•

failure to obtain extensions or renewals of spectrum leases, or an inability to renegotiate such leases, on terms acceptable to us before they expire, which may result in the loss of spectrum we need to operate our network in the market covered by the spectrum leases.