In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

If we are not able to attract and retain wireless subscribers, our financial performance will be impaired.

We are in the business of selling communications services to subscribers, and our economic success is based on our ability to attract new subscribers and retain current subscribers. If we are unable to attract and retain wireless subscribers, our financial performance will be impaired, and we could fail to meet our financial obligations, which could result in several outcomes, including controlling investments by third parties, takeover bids, liquidation of assets or insolvency. Beginning in 2008 through 2010, we experienced decreases in our total retail postpaid subscriber base of approximately 
8.5 million
 subscribers (excluding the impact of our 2009 acquisitions), while our two largest competitors increased their subscribers. In addition, our average postpaid churn rate was 
1.95%
 and 
2.15%
 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, while our two largest competitors had churn rates that were substantially lower. Although we have begun to see a reduction in our net loss of postpaid subscribers, if this trend does not continue our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected.

10

Table of Contents

Our ability to compete successfully for new subscribers and to retain our existing subscribers and reduce our rate of churn depends on: 

•    

our successful execution of marketing and sales strategies, including the acceptance of our value proposition; service delivery and customer care activities, including new account set up and billing; and our credit and collection policies;

•    

Clearwire's ability to successfully obtain additional financing for the continued build-out of its 4G network; 

•    

The successful deployment and completion of our network modernization plan, Network Vision, including a multi-mode network infrastructure and CDMA push-to-talk capabilities of comparable quality to our existing iDEN push-to-talk capabilities;

•    

actual or perceived quality and coverage of our networks, including Clearwire's 4G network;

•    

public perception about our brands;

•    

our ability to anticipate and develop new or enhanced technologies, products and services that are attractive to existing or potential subscribers;

•    

our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including new technologies, products and services that may be introduced by our competitors, changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends, economic conditions, and discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors; and

•    

our ability to enter into arrangements with MVNOs.

Until recently, our efforts to attract new postpaid subscribers and reduce churn had not been successful. The net loss of postpaid subscribers in 2009 and 2010 can be expected to cause wireless service revenue in 2011 to be approximately 
$2.4 billion
 lower than it would have been had those subscribers not been lost. Our ability to retain subscribers may also be negatively affected by industry trends related to subscriber contracts. For example, we and our competitors no longer require subscribers to renew their contracts when making changes to their pricing plans. These types of changes could negatively affect our ability to retain subscribers and could lead to an increase in our churn rates if we are not successful in providing an attractive product and service mix. 

We expect to incur expenses to attract new subscribers, improve subscriber retention and reduce churn, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will result in new subscribers or a lower rate of subscriber churn. Subscriber losses and a high rate of churn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations because they result in lost revenues and cash flow. Although attracting new subscribers and retention of existing subscribers are important to the financial viability of our business, there is an added focus on retention because the cost of adding a new subscriber is higher than the cost associated with retention of an existing subscriber. 

As the wireless market matures, we must increasingly seek to attract subscribers from competitors and face increased credit risk from new postpaid wireless subscribers. 

We and our competitors increasingly must seek to attract a greater proportion of new subscribers from each other's existing subscriber bases rather than from first-time purchasers of wireless services. Beginning in 2008 through 2010, we experienced decreases in our total retail subscriber base of approximately 
8.5 million
 postpaid subscribers (excluding the impact of our 2009 acquisitions), while our two largest competitors increased their subscribers.

In addition, the higher market penetration also means that subscribers purchasing postpaid wireless services for the first time, on average, have a lower credit score than existing wireless users, and the number of these subscribers we are willing to accept is dependent on our credit policies. To the extent we cannot compete effectively for new subscribers, our revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Competition and technological changes in the market for wireless services could negatively affect our average revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, operating costs and our ability to attract new subscribers, resulting in adverse effects on our revenues, future cash flows, growth and profitability. 

We compete with a number of other wireless service providers in each of the markets in which we provide wireless services, and we expect competition to increase as additional spectrum is made available for commercial wireless services and as new technologies are developed and launched. As competition among wireless communications providers has increased, we have created pricing plans that have resulted in declining average revenue per subscriber for voice and data services.

Competition in pricing and service and product offerings may also adversely impact subscriber retention and our ability to attract new subscribers, with adverse effects on our results of operations. A decline in the average revenue per subscriber coupled with a decline in the number of subscribers would negatively impact our revenues, future cash flows, growth and overall profitability, which, in turn, could impact our ability to meet our financial obligations. 

11

Table of Contents

The wireless communications industry is experiencing significant technological change, including improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology and the deployment of unlicensed spectrum devices. This change causes uncertainty about future subscriber demand for our wireless services and the prices that we will be able to charge for these services. Spending by our competitors on new wireless services and network improvements could enable our competitors to obtain a competitive advantage with new technologies or enhancements that we do not offer. Rapid change in technology may lead to the development of wireless communications technologies, products or alternative services that are superior to our technologies, products,or services or that consumers prefer over ours. If we are unable to meet future advances in competing technologies on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, we may not be able to compete effectively and could lose subscribers to our competitors. 

Mergers or other business combinations involving our competitors and new entrants, including new wholesale relationships, beginning to offer wireless services may also continue to increase competition. These wireless operators may be able to offer subscribers network features or products and services not offered by us, coverage in areas not served by either of our wireless networks or pricing plans that are lower than those offered by us, all of which would negatively affect our average revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, ability to attract new subscribers, and operating costs. For example, AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile now offer competitive wireless services packaged with local and long distance voice and high-speed Internet services, and flat rate voice and data plans. Our prepaid services compete with several regional carriers, including Metro PCS and Leap Wireless, which offer competitively-priced prepaid calling plans that include unlimited local calling. In addition, we may lose subscribers of our higher priced plans to our prepaid offerings. 

Several wireless equipment vendors, including Motorola, which supplies equipment for our push-to-talk services, have begun to offer wireless equipment that is capable of providing push-to-talk services that are designed to compete with our current push-to-talk services. Several of our competitors have introduced devices that are capable of providing push-to-talk services. We announced a major network modernization plan in December 2010, Network Vision; one component of Network Vision is the deployment of push-to-talk technology through the use of multi-modal technology on a single integrated network. If our efforts to deploy such technology are not achieved, we may not be able to successfully compete for such services. See “The success of our network modernization plan, Network Vision, will depend on the timing, extent and cost of implementation; the performance of third-parties; upgrade requirements; and the availability and reliability of the various technologies required to provide such modernization.”

The success of our network modernization plan, Network Vision, will depend on the timing, extent and cost of implementation; the performance of third-parties; upgrade requirements; and the availability and reliability of the various technologies required to provide such modernization.

We are implementing Network Vision, which is a multi-year initiative intended to reduce operating costs and provide customers with an enhanced network experience by improving voice quality and faster data speeds, while creating network flexibility and improving environmental sustainability. The focus of the plan is on upgrading the existing Sprint networks and providing flexibility for new 4G technologies. If Network Vision does not provide an enhanced network experience or is unable to provide CDMA push-to-talk capabilities of comparable quality to our existing iDEN push-to-talk capabilities, our ability to provide enhanced wireless services to our customers, to retain and attract customers, and to maintain and grow our customer revenues could be adversely affected.

Using a new and sophisticated technology on a very large scale entails risks. Should implementation of our upgraded network be delayed or costs exceed expected amounts, our margins would be adversely affected and such effects could be material. Should the delivery of services expected to be deployed on our upgraded network be delayed due to technological constraints, performance of third-party suppliers, or other reasons, the cost of providing such services could become higher than expected, which could result in higher costs to customers, potentially resulting in decisions to purchase services from our competitors adversely affecting our revenues, profitability and cash flow from operations.

Failure to complete development, testing and deployment of new technology that supports new services could affect our ability to compete in the industry. The deployment of new technology and new service offerings could result in network degradation or the loss of subscribers. In addition, the technology we use, including WiMAX, may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We develop, test and deploy various new technologies and support systems intended to enhance our competitiveness by both supporting new services and features and reducing the costs associated with providing those services. Successful development and implementation of technology upgrades depend, in part, on the willingness of third parties to develop new applications or devices in a timely manner. We may not successfully complete the development and rollout of new technology and related features or services in a timely manner, and they may not be widely accepted by our subscribers or may not be profitable, in which case we could not recover our investment in the technology. Deployment of technology supporting new service offerings may also adversely affect the performance or reliability of our networks with respect to both the new and existing services and may require us to take action like curtailing new subscribers in certain markets. Any resulting subscriber dissatisfaction could affect our ability to retain subscribers and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and growth 

12

Table of Contents

prospects. 

Our wireless networks provide services utilizing CDMA and iDEN technologies. Wireless subscribers served by these two technologies represent a smaller portion of global wireless subscribers than the subscribers served by wireless networks that utilize Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) technology. As a result, our costs with respect to both CDMA and iDEN network equipment and devices may continue to be higher than the comparable costs incurred by our competitors who use GSM technology, which places us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We have expended significant resources and made substantial investments to deploy a 4G mobile broadband network through Clearwire using WiMAX technology. WiMAX may not perform as we expect, and, therefore, we may not be able to deliver the quality or types of services we expect. Other competing technologies, including other 4G or subsequent technologies such as LTE, that may have advantages over WiMAX are being developed, and operators of other networks based on those competing technologies may be able to deploy these alternative technologies at a lower cost and more quickly than the cost and speed with which Clearwire deploys its 4G network providing 4G MVNO services to Sprint, which may allow those operators to compete more effectively or may require us and Clearwire to deploy such technologies. These risks could reduce our subscriber growth, increase our costs of providing services or increase our churn. 

We entered into agreements in 2008 with Clearwire to integrate our former 4G wireless broadband business with theirs. See “Risks Related to our Investment in Clearwire” below for additional risks related to our investment in Clearwire and the deployment of 4G. 

Current economic conditions, our recent financial performance and our debt ratings could negatively impact our access to the capital markets resulting in less growth than planned or failure to satisfy financial covenants under our existing debt agreements. Moreover, Clearwire may be considered a subsidiary under certain agreements relating to our indebtedness. 

Although we do not believe we will require additional capital to make the capital and operating expenditures necessary to implement our business plans or to satisfy our debt service requirements for the next few years, we may need to incur additional debt in the future for a variety of reasons, including future investments or acquisitions. Our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our financial performance, debt ratings, general economic conditions and prevailing market conditions. Some of these factors are beyond our control, and we may not be able to arrange additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed could, among other things, result in our inability to continue to expand our businesses and meet competitive challenges. Our debt ratings could be downgraded if we incur significant additional indebtedness, or if we do not generate sufficient cash from our operations, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs and could affect our ability to access capital.

Our credit facility, which expires in October 2013, requires that we maintain a ratio of total indebtedness to trailing four quarters earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and other non-cash gains or losses, such as goodwill impairment charges, of no more than 4.5 to 1.0. The ratio will be reduced to 4.25 to 1.0 beginning in April 2012, and further reduced to 4.0 to 1.0 in January 2013. As of 
December 31, 2010
, the ratio was 
3.7
 to 1.0. If we do not continue to satisfy this ratio, we will be in default under our credit facility, which could trigger defaults under our other debt obligations, which in turn could result in the maturities of certain debt obligations being accelerated. Certain indentures governing our notes limit, among other things, our ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends, create liens and sell, transfer, lease or dispose of assets. 

As of December 31, 2010, we own a 54% economic interest in Clearwire. As a result, Clearwire could be considered a subsidiary under certain agreements relating to our indebtedness. Whether Clearwire could be considered a subsidiary under our debt agreements is subject to interpretation. In December 2010, as a result of an amendment to the Clearwire equityholders' agreement, Sprint obtained the right to unilaterally surrender voting securities to reduce its voting security percentage below 50%, which could eliminate the potential for Clearwire to be considered a subsidiary of Sprint. Until Sprint exercises this right, certain actions or defaults by Clearwire would, if viewed as a subsidiary, result in a breach of covenants, including potential cross-default provisions, under certain agreements relating to our indebtedness. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and may not reflect our actual operations and performance. 

Market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operations and performance. Stock price volatility and sustained decreases in our share price could subject our shareholders to losses and us to takeover bids or lead to action by the NYSE. The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

•    

quarterly announcements and variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors, either alone or in comparison to analysts expectations, including announcements of subscriber counts and rates of churn that would result in downward pressure on our stock price;

•    

the availability or perceived availability of additional capital and market perceptions relating to our access to this capital;

13

Table of Contents

•    

seasonality or other variations in our subscriber base, including our rate of churn;

•    

announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, technologies, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

•    

the performance of Clearwire and Clearwire's Class A common stock or speculation about the possibility of future actions we or other significant shareholders may take in connection with Clearwire;

•    

disruption to our operations or those of other companies critical to our network operations;

•    

announcements by us regarding the entering into, or termination of, material transactions;

•    

our ability to develop and market new and enhanced technologies, products and services on a timely basis, including our 4G network; 

•    

recommendations by securities analysts or changes in estimates concerning us;

•    

the incurrence of additional debt, dilutive issuances of our stock, short sales or hedging of, and other derivative transactions in our common stock;

•    

any major change in our board of directors or management;

•    

litigation;

•    

changes in governmental regulations or approvals; and

•    

perceptions of general market conditions in the technology and communications industries, the U.S. economy and global market conditions. 

Consolidation and competition in the wholesale market for wireline services, as well as consolidation of our roaming partners and access providers used for wireless services, could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our Wireline segment competes with AT&T, Verizon, Qwest Communications, Level 3 Communications Inc., other major local incumbent operating companies, and cable operators, as well as a host of smaller competitors, in the provision of wireline services. Some of these companies have high-capacity, IP-based fiber-optic networks capable of supporting large amounts of voice and data traffic. Some of these companies claim certain cost structure advantages that, among other factors, may allow them to offer services at a price below that which we can offer profitably. In addition, consolidation by these companies could lead to fewer companies controlling access to more cell sites, enabling them to control usage and rates, which could negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

We provide wholesale services under long term contracts to cable television operators which enable these operators to provide consumer and business digital telephone services. These contracts may not be renewed as they expire, generally in the time period between 2011 and 2013. Increased competition and the significant increase in capacity resulting from new technologies and networks may drive already low prices down further. AT&T and Verizon continue to be our two largest competitors in the domestic long distance communications market. We and other long distance carriers depend heavily on local access facilities obtained from ILECs to serve our long distance subscribers, and payments to ILECs for these facilities are a significant cost of service for our Wireline segment. The long distance operations of AT&T and Verizon have cost and operational advantages with respect to these access facilities because those carriers serve significant geographic areas, including many large urban areas, as the incumbent local carrier. 

In addition, our Wireless segment could be adversely affected by changes in rates and access fees that result from consolidation of our roaming partners and access providers, which could negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

The blurring of the traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services contribute to increased competition. 

The traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services are increasingly becoming blurred. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, major providers are striving to provide integrated services in many of the markets we serve. This trend is also reflected in changes in the regulatory environment that have encouraged competition and the offering of integrated services. 

We expect competition to intensify across all of our business segments as a result of the entrance of new competitors or the expansion of services offered by existing competitors, and the rapid development of new technologies, products and services. We cannot predict which of many possible future technologies, products, or services will be important to maintain our competitive position or what expenditures we will be required to make in order to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. To the extent we do not keep pace with technological advances or fail to timely respond to changes in the competitive environment affecting our industry, we could lose market share or experience a decline in revenue, cash flows and net income. As a result of the financial strength and benefits of scale enjoyed by some of our competitors, they may be able to offer services at lower prices than we can, thereby adversely affecting our revenues, growth and profitability. 

14

Table of Contents

If we are unable to continue to improve our results of operations, we face the possibility of additional charges for impairments of long-lived or indefinite-lived assets. Further, our future operating results will be impacted by our share of Clearwire's net loss or net income, which during this period of their network build-out will likely negatively affect our results of operations. The carrying value of our investment in Clearwire may be subject to impairment. 

We review our wireless and wireline long-lived assets for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the book amount may not be recoverable. If we are unable to continue to improve our results of operations and cash flows, a review could lead to a material impairment in our consolidated financial statements. In addition, if we continue to have challenges retaining subscribers and as we continue to assess the impact of rebanding the iDEN network, management may conclude in future periods that certain CDMA and iDEN assets will never be either deployed or redeployed, in which case cash and non-cash charges that could be material to our consolidated financial statements would be recognized. 

We account for our investment in Clearwire using the equity method of accounting and, as a result, we record our share of Clearwire's net income or net loss, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Clearwire disclosed it would be required to raise additional capital in the near term in order to continue its current operations, and that as of September 30, 2010, there was substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In December 2010, Clearwire successfully raised 
$1.4 billion
 in debt financing. As a result of this action, as of December 31, 2010, Clearwire no longer reported substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Clearwire's ability, however, to raise sufficient additional capital in the long-term on acceptable terms, or at all, remains uncertain. Clearwire's inability to obtain sufficient additional funding to continue its current operations may have an adverse effect on its estimated fair value based, in part, on its publicly quoted stock price. A decline in the value of Clearwire may require Sprint to evaluate the decline in relation to Sprint's carrying value of its investment in Clearwire. A conclusion by Sprint that a decline in the value of Clearwire is other than temporary could result in a material impairment in our consolidated financial statements.

If Motorola is unable or unwilling to provide us with equipment and devices in support of our iDEN-based services, as well as improvements, our operations will be adversely affected. 

Motorola is our sole source for all of the devices we offer under the Nextel brand, except BlackBerry devices. Although our handset supply agreement with Motorola is structured to provide competitively-priced devices, the cost of iDEN devices is generally higher than devices that do not incorporate a similar multi-function capability. This difference may make it more difficult or costly for us to offer devices at prices that are attractive to potential subscribers. In addition, the higher cost of iDEN devices requires us to absorb a larger part of the cost of offering devices to new and existing subscribers, which may reduce our growth and profitability. Also, we must rely on Motorola to develop devices capable of supporting the features and services we offer to subscribers of services on our iDEN network and to provide maintenance and support for our iDEN-based infrastructure. A decision by Motorola to discontinue, or the inability of either company to continue manufacturing, maintaining or supporting our iDEN-based infrastructure and devices could have a material adverse effect on us. Further, our ability to complete the spectrum reconfiguration plan in connection with the FCC's Report and Order is dependent, in part, on Motorola. 

We have entered into agreements with unrelated parties for certain business operations. Any difficulties experienced in these arrangements could result in additional expense, loss of subscribers and revenue, interruption of our services or a delay in the roll-out of new technology. 

We have entered into agreements with unrelated parties for the day-to-day execution of services, provisioning and maintenance for our CDMA, iDEN and wireline networks, for the implementation of Network Vision, and for the development and maintenance of certain software systems necessary for the operation of our business. We also have agreements with unrelated parties to provide customer service and related support to our wireless subscribers and outsourced aspects of our wireline network and back office functions to unrelated parties. In addition, we have sublease agreements with unrelated parties for space on communications towers. As a result, we must rely on unrelated parties to perform certain of our operations and, in certain circumstances, interface with our subscribers. If these unrelated parties were unable to perform to our requirements, we would have to pursue alternative strategies to provide these services and that could result in delays, interruptions, additional expenses and loss of subscribers. 

The products and services utilized by us and our suppliers and service providers may infringe on intellectual property rights owned by others. 

Some of our products and services use intellectual property that we own. We also purchase products from suppliers, including device suppliers, and outsource services to service providers, including billing and customer care functions, that incorporate or utilize intellectual property. We and some of our suppliers and service providers have received, and may receive in the future, assertions and claims from third parties that the products or software utilized by us or our suppliers and service providers infringe on the patents or other intellectual property rights of these third parties. These claims could require us or an infringing supplier or service provider to cease certain activities or to cease selling the relevant products and services. These claims and assertions also could subject us to costly litigation and significant liabilities for damages or royalty payments, or require us to cease certain activities or to cease selling certain products and services. 

15

Table of Contents

For example, we obtain some of our CDMA handsets from HTC Corp. Apple Inc. has filed an action with the International Trade Commission (ITC) and with U.S District Courts accusing HTC of patent infringement. HTC has filed an action against Apple with the ITC accusing Apple of infringing HTC patents. Apple's claims against HTC, if successful, could require us to cease providing certain products.

Government regulation could adversely affect our prospects and results of operations; the FCC and state regulatory commissions may adopt new regulations or take other actions that could adversely affect our business prospects, future growth or results of operations. 

The FCC and other federal, state and local, as well as international, governmental authorities have jurisdiction over our business and could adopt regulations or take other actions that would adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

The licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems are regulated by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, international, state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. 

The FCC grants wireless licenses for terms of generally ten years that are subject to renewal and revocation. There is no guarantee that our licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply with FCC requirements in a given license area could result in revocation of the license for that license area. 

Depending on their outcome, the FCC's proceedings regarding regulation of special access rates could affect the rates paid by our Wireless and Wireline segments for special access services in the future. Similarly, depending on their outcome, the FCC's proceedings on the regulatory classification of VoIP services could affect the intercarrier compensation rates and the level of USF contributions paid by us. 

Various states are considering regulations over terms and conditions of service, including certain billing practices and consumer-related issues that may not be pre-empted by federal law. If imposed, these regulations could make it more difficult and expensive to implement national sales and marketing programs and could increase the costs of our wireless operations. 

Degradation in network performance caused by compliance with government regulation, loss of spectrum or additional rules associated with the use of spectrum in any market could result in an inability to attract new subscribers or higher subscriber churn in that market, which could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. In addition, additional costs or fees imposed by governmental regulation could adversely affect our revenues, future growth and results of operations. 

Proposed regulatory developments regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries could affect the sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of certain products, including handsets. Although we do not buy raw materials, manufacture, or produce any electronic equipment directly, the proposed regulation may affect some of our suppliers. As a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict free metals, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, because our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all metals used in the products that we sell. 

If our business partners and subscribers fail to meet their contractual obligations it could negatively affect our results of operations. 

The current economic environment has made it difficult for businesses and consumers to obtain credit, which could cause our suppliers, distributors and subscribers to have problems meeting their contractual obligations with us. If our suppliers are unable to fulfill our orders or meet their contractual obligations with us, we may not have the services or devices available to meet the needs of our current and future subscribers, which could cause us to lose current and potential subscribers to other carriers. In addition, if our distributors are unable to stay in business, we could lose distribution points, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Finally, if our subscribers are unable to pay their bills or potential subscribers feel they are unable to take on additional financial obligations, they may be forced to forgo our services, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats and other disruptions. 

Major equipment failures, natural disasters, including severe weather, terrorist acts, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security that affect our wireline and wireless networks, including transport facilities, communications switches, routers, microwave links, cell sites or other equipment or third-party owned local and long-distance networks on which we rely, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. These events could disrupt our operations, require significant resources, result in a loss of subscribers or impair our ability to attract new subscribers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

16

Table of Contents

Concerns about health risks associated with wireless equipment may reduce the demand for our services. 

Portable communications devices have been alleged to pose health risks, including cancer, due to radio frequency emissions from these devices. Purported class actions and other lawsuits have been filed against numerous wireless carriers, including us, seeking not only damages but also remedies that could increase our cost of doing business. We cannot be sure of the outcome of those cases or that our business and financial condition will not be adversely affected by litigation of this nature or public perception about health risks. The actual or perceived risk of mobile communications devices could adversely affect us through a reduction in subscribers, reduced network usage per subscriber or reduced financing available to the mobile communications industry. Further research and studies are ongoing, and we cannot guarantee that additional studies will not demonstrate a link between radio frequency emissions and health concerns. 

Risks Related to our Investment in Clearwire 

We are a majority shareholder of Clearwire, a term we use to refer to the consolidated entity of Clearwire Corporation and its subsidiary Clearwire Communications LLC. Under this section, we have included certain important risk factors with respect to our investment in Clearwire. For more discussion of Clearwire and the risks affecting Clearwire, you should refer to Clearwire's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Our investment in Clearwire exposes us to risks because we do not control the board, determine the strategies, manage operations or control management, including decisions relating to the build-out and operation of a 4G network, and the value of our investment in Clearwire or our financial performance may be adversely affected by decisions made by Clearwire or other large investors in Clearwire that are adverse to our interests. 

Although we have the ability to nominate seven of Clearwire's 13 directors, at least one of our nominees must be an independent director. Thus, we do not control the board, and we do not manage the operations of Clearwire or control management. Clearwire has a group of investors that have been provided with representation on Clearwire's board of directors. These investors may have interests that diverge from ours or Clearwire's. Differences in views among the large investors could result in delayed decisions by Clearwire's board of directors or failure to agree on major issues. Any differences in our views or problems with respect to the operation of Clearwire could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment in Clearwire or our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. See also "Current economic conditions, our recent financial performance and our debt ratings could negatively impact our access to the capital markets resulting in less growth than planned or failure to satisfy financial covenants under our existing debt agreements. Moreover, Clearwire may be considered a subsidiary under certain agreements relating to our indebtedness."

In addition, the corporate opportunity provisions in Clearwire's restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless a director is an employee of Clearwire, the person does not have a duty to present to Clearwire a corporate opportunity of which the director becomes aware, except where the corporate opportunity is expressly offered to the director in his or her capacity as a director of Clearwire. This could enable certain Clearwire shareholders to benefit from opportunities that may otherwise be available to Clearwire, which could adversely affect Clearwire's business and our investment in Clearwire. 

Clearwire's restated certificate of incorporation also expressly provides that certain shareholders and their affiliates may, and have no duty not to, engage in any businesses that are similar to or competitive with those of Clearwire, do business with Clearwire's competitors, subscribers and suppliers, and employ Clearwire's employees or officers. These shareholders or their affiliates may deploy competing wireless broadband networks or purchase broadband services from other providers. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on Clearwire's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and the value of our investment in Clearwire. 

Moreover, we currently rely on Clearwire to build, launch and operate a viable 4G network. Our intention is to integrate these 4G services with our products and services in a manner that preserves our time to market advantage. Clearwire's success could be affected by, among other things, its ability to offer a competitive cost structure and its ability to obtain additional financing in the amounts and at terms that enable it to continue to build a 4G network in a timely manner. Clearwire's delay in its network build and deployment or operation of their 4G network may negatively affect our ability to generate future revenues, cash flows or overall profitability from 4G services. See “Failure to complete development, testing and deployment of new technology that supports new services could affect our ability to compete in the industry. The deployment of new technology and new service offerings could result in network degradation or the loss of subscribers. In addition, the technology we use, including WiMAX, may place us at a competitive disadvantage.”

We are currently engaged in an arbitration with Clearwire relating to the pricing of service on Clearwire's 4G network for dual-mode wireless handsets used by Sprint customers, pursuant to our MVNO agreement with Clearwire. We do not expect the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or operating cash flow; however, ultimate resolution of this matter could affect the pricing and competitiveness of our 4G services. 

17

Table of Contents

We may be unable to sell some or all of our investment in Clearwire quickly or at all. 

Clearwire's publicly traded Class A common stock is volatile. In addition, the daily trading volume of Clearwire's Class A common stock is lower than the number of shares of Class A common stock we would hold if we exchanged all of our Clearwire Class B common stock and interests. If we should decide to sell some or all of our equity securities of Clearwire, there may not be purchasers available for any or all of our stock, or we may be forced to sell at a price that is below the then current trading price or over a significant period of time. We are also subject to certain restrictions with respect to the sale of our equity securities of Clearwire.