In addition to the other information contained in this
 Form 10-K,
 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in
 evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, liquidity or
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected by
 any of these risks.

 Risks
 Related to the Sprint-Nextel Merger and the Spin-off of
 Embarq

 We may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses
 of Nextel, the acquired PCS Affiliates or Nextel Partners with
 ours and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger and
 acquisitions.

 We continue to devote significant management attention and
 resources to integrating the Nextel wireless network and other
 wireless technologies with ours, as well as the business
 practices, operations and support functions of the two
 companies. The challenges we are facing and/or may face in the
 future in connection with these integration efforts include the
 following:

 •  

 integrating our CDMA and iDEN wireless networks, which operate
 on different technology platforms and use different spectrum
 bands, and developing wireless devices and other products and
 services that operate seamlessly on both technology platforms;

 •  

 developing and deploying next generation wireless technologies;

 •  

 combining and simplifying diverse product and service offerings,
 subscriber plans and sales and marketing approaches;

 •  

 preserving subscriber, supplier and other important
 relationships;

 •  

 consolidating and integrating duplicative facilities and
 operations, including back-office systems; and

 •  

 addressing differences in business cultures, preserving employee
 morale and retaining key employees, while maintaining focus on
 providing consistent, high quality customer service and meeting
 our operational and financial goals.

 The process of integrating Nextel’s operations with ours
 has caused, and may in the future cause, interruptions of, or
 loss of momentum in, our business and financial performance. The
 diversion of management’s attention and any delays or
 difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of
 the two companies’ operations has had, and could continue
 to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 or results of operations. We may also incur additional and
 unforeseen expenses in connection with the integration efforts.
 There can be no assurance that the expense savings and synergies
 that we anticipate from the merger will be realized fully or
 within our expected timeframe.

 During 2005 and 2006, we also acquired six PCS Affiliates and
 Nextel Partners. The process of integrating the business
 practices, operations and support functions of these companies
 involves challenges similar to those identified above and could
 add to those challenges by placing a greater strain on our
 management and employees.

 We are subject to exclusivity provisions and other
 restrictions under our arrangements with the remaining
 independent PCS Affiliates. Continued compliance with those
 restrictions may limit our ability to achieve synergies and
 fully integrate the operations of Nextel and Nextel Partners in
 the geographic areas served by those PCS Affiliates, and we
 could incur significant costs to resolve issues related to the
 merger under these arrangements.

 The arrangements with the four independent PCS Affiliates
 restrict our and their ability to own, operate, build or manage
 specified wireless communication networks or to sell certain
 wireless services within specified

 19

 geographic areas. Two of these PCS Affiliates have litigation
 pending against us asserting that actions that we have taken or
 may take in the future in connection with our integration
 efforts are inconsistent with our obligations under our
 agreements with them, particularly with respect to the
 restrictions noted above. Continued compliance with those
 restrictions may limit our ability to achieve synergies and
 fully integrate the operations of Nextel and Nextel Partners in
 the areas served by those PCS Affiliates. We could incur
 significant costs to resolve these issues.

 We are subject to restrictions on acquisitions involving our
 stock and other stock issuances and possibly other corporate
 opportunities in order to enable the spin-off of Embarq to
 qualify for tax-free treatment.

 The spin-off of Embarq cannot qualify for tax-free treatment if
 50% or more (by vote or value) of our stock, or the stock of
 Embarq, is acquired or issued as part of a plan, or series of
 related transactions, that includes the spin-off. Because the
 Sprint-Nextel merger generally is treated as involving the
 acquisition of 49.9% of our stock (and the stock of Embarq) for
 purposes of this analysis, we are subject to restrictions on
 certain acquisitions using our stock and other issuances of our
 stock in order to enable the spin-off to qualify for tax-free
 treatment. These restrictions apply to transactions occurring
 subsequent to the spin-off that are deemed to be part of a plan
 or series of transactions related to the Sprint-Nextel merger
 and the Embarq spin- off. Under applicable tax law, transactions
 occurring within two years of the spin-off are presumed to be
 pursuant to such a plan unless we can establish the contrary. At
 this time, it is not possible to determine how long these
 restrictions will apply, or whether they will have a material
 impact on us.

 If the spin-off of Embarq does not qualify as a tax-free
 transaction, tax could be imposed on both our shareholders and
 us.

 We received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
 Service, or IRS, that the spin-off of Embarq qualifies for
 tax-free treatment under Code Sections 355 and 361. In
 addition, we obtained opinions of counsel from each of Cravath,
 Swaine & Moore LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
 Wharton & Garrison LLP that the spin-off so qualifies.
 The IRS ruling and the opinions rely on certain representations,
 assumptions and undertakings, including those relating to the
 past and future conduct of Embarq’s and our business. The
 IRS private letter ruling does not address all the issues that
 are relevant to determining whether the distribution qualifies
 for tax-free treatment. The IRS could determine that the
 distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction if it
 determines that any of the representations, assumptions or
 undertakings that were included in the request for the private
 letter ruling are false or have been violated, or if it
 disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not
 covered by the IRS private letter ruling. If the distribution
 fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, it will be treated as a
 taxable distribution to our shareholders in an amount equal to
 the fair market value of Embarq’s equity securities (i.e.,
 Embarq’s common stock issued to our common shareholders)
 received by them. In addition, we would be required to recognize
 gain in an amount up to the fair market value of the Embarq
 equity securities that we distributed on the distribution date
 plus the fair market value of the senior notes of Embarq
 received by us.

 Furthermore, subsequent events, some of which are not in our
 control, could cause us to recognize gain on the distribution.
 For example, even minimal acquisitions of our equity securities
 or Embarq’s equity securities that are deemed to be part of
 a plan or a series of related transactions that include the
 distribution and the Sprint-Nextel merger could cause us to
 recognize gain on the distribution.

 Risks
 Related to our Business and Operations

 We face intense competition that may reduce our market share
 and harm our financial performance.

 Our operating segments face intense competition.  Our
 ability to compete effectively depends on, among other things,
 the factors discussed below.

 If we are not able to attract and retain customers, our
 financial performance could be impaired.

 Our ability to compete successfully for new customers and to
 retain our existing customers will depend on:

 •  

 our marketing and sales and service delivery activities, and our
 credit and collection policies;

 20

 •  

 our ability to anticipate and develop new or enhanced products
 and services that are attractive to existing or potential
 customers; and

 •  

 our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive
 factors affecting the industry, including new services that may
 be introduced by our competitors, changes in consumer
 preferences, demographic trends, economic conditions, and
 discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by
 our competitors.

 A key element in the economic success of communications carriers
 is the ability to retain customers as measured by the rate of
 subscriber churn. Our ability to retain customers and reduce our
 rate of churn is affected by a number of factors including, with
 respect to our wireless business, the actual or perceived
 quality and coverage of our network and the attractiveness of
 our service offerings. For example, peak usage in certain
 metropolitan markets is being impacted by capacity constraints
 of the iDEN network, which in turn adversely affects customer
 satisfaction and churn. Our ability to retain customers also is
 affected by competitive pricing pressures and the quality of our
 customer service. Our efforts to reduce churn may not be
 successful. A high rate of churn could impair our ability to
 increase the revenues of, or cause a deterioration in the
 operating margins of, our wireless operations or our operations
 as a whole.

 As the
 wireless market matures, we must increasingly seek to attract
 customers from competitors and face increased credit risk from
 first time wireless subscribers.

 We increasingly must attract a greater proportion of our new
 customers from our competitors’ existing customer bases
 rather than from first time purchasers of wireless services. The
 higher market penetration also means that customers purchasing
 wireless services for the first time, on average, have a lower
 credit rating than existing wireless users, which generally
 results in a higher rate of involuntary churn and increased bad
 debt expense.

   Competition
 and technological changes in the market for wireless services
 could negatively affect our average revenue per user, subscriber
 churn, our ability to attract new subscribers and operating
 costs, which would adversely affect our revenues, growth and
 profitability.

 We compete with several other wireless service providers in each
 of the markets in which we provide wireless services. As
 competition among wireless communications providers has
 increased, we have created pricing plans that have resulted in
 declining average revenue per minute of use for voice services,
 a trend which we expect will continue. Competition in pricing
 and service and product offerings may also adversely impact
 customer retention, which would adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 The wireless communications industry is experiencing significant
 technological change, including improvements in the capacity and
 quality of digital technology and the deployment of unlicensed
 spectrum devices. This change causes uncertainty about future
 subscriber demand for our wireless services and the prices that
 we will be able to charge for these services. Rapid change in
 technology may lead to the development of wireless
 communications technologies or alternative services that are
 superior to our technologies or services or that consumers
 prefer over ours. If we are unable to meet future advances in
 competing technologies on a timely basis, or at an acceptable
 cost, we may not be able to compete effectively and could lose
 customers to our competitors.

 Mergers or other business combinations involving our competitors
 and new entrants, including MVNOs, beginning to offer wireless
 services may also continue to increase competition. These
 wireless operators may be able to offer subscribers network
 features or products and services not offered by us, coverage in
 areas not served by either of our wireless networks or pricing
 plans that are lower than those offered by us, all of which
 would negatively affect our average revenue per user, subscriber
 churn, ability to attract new subscribers, and operating costs.
 For example, AT&T and Verizon now offer competitively-priced
 wireless services packaged with local and long distance voice
 and high-speed Internet services, and our Boost Mobile-branded
 prepaid service competes with a number of regional carriers,
 including Metro PCS and Leap Wireless, which offer
 competitively-priced calling plans that include unlimited local
 calling.

 21

 One of the primary differentiating features of our
 Nextel-branded service is the two-way walkie-talkie service
 available on our iDEN network. A number of wireless equipment
 vendors, including Motorola, which supplies equipment for our
 Nextel-branded service, have begun to offer wireless equipment
 that is capable of providing walkie-talkie services that are
 designed to compete with our walkie-talkie services. Several of
 our competitors have introduced handsets that are capable of
 providing walkie-talkie services. If these competitors’
 services are perceived to be or become, or if any such services
 introduced in the future are, comparable to our Nextel-branded
 walkie-talkie services, a key competitive advantage of our
 Nextel service would be reduced, which in turn could adversely
 affect our business.

   Failure
 to improve wireless subscriber service and failure to continue
 to enhance the quality and features of our wireless networks and
 meet capacity requirements of our subscriber growth could impair
 our financial performance and adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 We must continually make investments and incur costs in order to
 improve our wireless subscriber service and remain competitive.
 In connection with our continuing enhancement of the quality of
 our wireless networks and related services, we must:

 •  

 maintain and expand the capacity and coverage of our networks;

 •  

 secure sufficient transmitter and receiver sites and obtain
 zoning and construction approvals or permits at appropriate
 locations;

 •  

 obtain adequate quantities of system infrastructure equipment
 and handsets, and related accessories to meet subscriber demand;
 and

 •  

 obtain additional spectrum in some or all of our markets, if and
 when necessary.

 Network enhancements may not occur as scheduled or at the cost
 that we have estimated. Delays or failure to add network
 capacity, or increased costs of adding capacity, could limit our
 ability to satisfy our wireless subscribers, resulting in
 decreased revenues. Even if we continuously upgrade our wireless
 networks, there can be no assurance that existing subscribers
 will not prefer features of our competitors and switch wireless
 providers.

   Consolidation
 and competition in the wholesale market for wireline services
 could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

 Our Long Distance segment competes with AT&T, Verizon, Qwest
 Communications, Level 3 Communications, and cable
 operators, as well as a host of smaller competitors, in the
 provision of wireline services. Some of these companies have
 built high-capacity, IP-based fiber-optic networks capable of
 supporting large amounts of voice and data traffic. These
 companies claim certain cost structure advantages which, among
 other factors, may allow them to maintain profitability while
 offering services at a price below that which we can offer
 profitably. Increased competition and the significant increase
 in capacity resulting from new technologies and networks may
 drive already low prices down further. AT&T and Verizon, as
 a result of their acquisitions, continue to be our two largest
 competitors in the domestic long distance communications market.
 We and other long distance carriers depend heavily on local
 access facilities obtained from ILECs to serve our long distance
 customers, and payments to ILECs for these facilities are a
 significant cost of service for our Long Distance segment. The
 long distance operations of AT&T and Verizon have cost and
 operational advantages with respect to these access facilities
 because those carriers serve significant geographic areas,
 including many large urban areas, as the incumbent local carrier.

   Failure
 to complete development, testing and deployment of new
 technology that supports new services could affect our ability
 to compete in the industry. In addition, the technology we use
 may place us at a competitive disadvantage.

 We develop, test and deploy various new technologies and support
 systems intended to enhance our competitiveness by both
 supporting new services and features and reducing the costs
 associated with providing those services. Successful development
 and implementation of technology upgrades depend, in part, on
 the

 22

 willingness of third parties to develop new applications in a
 timely manner. We may not successfully complete the development
 and rollout of new technology and related features or services
 in a timely manner, and they may not be widely accepted by our
 customers or may not be profitable, in which case we could not
 recover our investment in the technology. Deployment of
 technology supporting new service offerings may also adversely
 affect the performance or reliability of our networks with
 respect to both the new and existing services. Any resulting
 customer dissatisfaction could affect our ability to retain
 customers and have an adverse effect on our results of
 operations and growth prospects.

 Our wireless networks provide services utilizing CDMA and iDEN
 technologies. Wireless subscribers served by these two
 technologies represent a smaller portion of global wireless
 subscribers than the subscribers served by wireless networks
 that utilize GSM technology. As a result, our costs with respect
 to both CDMA and iDEN network equipment and handsets may
 continue to be higher than the comparable costs incurred by our
 competitors who use GSM technology, which places us at a
 competitive disadvantage.

   The
 blurring of the traditional dividing lines between long
 distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services
 contribute to increased competition.

 The traditional dividing lines between long distance, local,
 wireless, video and Internet services are increasingly becoming
 blurred. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service
 expansion strategies, major providers are striving to provide
 integrated services in many of the markets we serve. This trend
 is also reflected in changes in the regulatory environment that
 have encouraged competition and the offering of integrated
 services.

 We expect competition to intensify across all of our business
 segments as a result of the entrance of new competitors or the
 expansion of services offered by existing competitors, and the
 rapid development of new technologies, products and services. We
 cannot predict which of many possible future technologies,
 products, or services will be important to maintain our
 competitive position or what expenditures we will be required to
 make in order to develop and provide these technologies,
 products or services. To the extent we do not keep pace with
 technological advances or fail to timely respond to changes in
 the competitive environment affecting our industry, we could
 lose market share or experience a decline in revenue, cash flows
 and net income. As a result of the financial strength and
 benefits of scale enjoyed by some of our competitors, they may
 be able to offer services at lower prices than we can, thereby
 adversely affecting our revenues, growth and profitability.

 If we are unable to meet our future capital needs relating to
 investment in our networks and other obligations, it may be
 necessary for us to curtail, delay or abandon our business
 growth plans. If we incur significant additional indebtedness to
 fund our plans, it could cause a decline in our credit rating
 and could increase our borrowing costs or limit our ability to
 raise additional capital.

 We likely will require additional capital to make the capital
 expenditures necessary to implement our business plans and
 support future growth of our wireless business and satisfy our
 debt service requirements. In addition, we may incur additional
 debt in the future for a variety of reasons, including future
 acquisitions. We may not be able to arrange additional financing
 to fund our requirements on terms acceptable to us. Our ability
 to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other
 factors, our credit rating, financial performance, general
 economic conditions and prevailing market conditions. Some of
 these factors are beyond our control. Failure to obtain suitable
 financing when needed could, among other things, result in our
 inability to continue to expand our businesses and meet
 competitive challenges. If we incur significant additional
 indebtedness, or if we do not continue to generate sufficient
 cash from our operations, our credit rating could be adversely
 affected, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs
 and could affect our ability to access capital.

 We have entered into outsourcing agreements related to
 certain business operations. Any difficulties experienced in
 these arrangements could result in additional expense, loss of
 customers and revenue, interruption of our services or a delay
 in the roll-out of new technology.

 We have entered into outsourcing agreements for the development
 and maintenance of certain software systems necessary for the
 operation of our business. We have also entered into agreements
 with third parties to provide customer service and related
 support to our wireless subscribers and outsourced many aspects
 of our

 23

 customer care and billing functions to third parties. We also
 have entered into an agreement whereby a third party has leased
 or operates a significant number of our communications towers,
 and we sublease space on these towers. As a result, we must rely
 on third parties to perform certain of our operations and, in
 certain circumstances, interface with our customers. If these
 third parties are unable to perform to our requirements, we
 would have to pursue alternative strategies to provide these
 services and that could result in delays, interruptions,
 additional expenses and loss of customers.

 The intellectual property rights utilized by us and our
 suppliers and service providers may infringe on intellectual
 property rights owned by others.

 Some of our products and services use intellectual property that
 we own. We also purchase products from suppliers, including
 handset device suppliers, and outsource services to service
 providers, including billing and customer care functions, that
 incorporate or utilize intellectual property. We and some of our
 suppliers and service providers have received, and may receive
 in the future, assertions and claims from third parties that the
 products or software utilized by us or our suppliers and service
 providers infringe on the patents or other intellectual property
 rights of these third parties. These claims could require us or
 an infringing supplier or service provider to cease certain
 activities or to cease selling the relevant products and
 services. Such claims and assertions also could subject us to
 costly litigation and significant liabilities for damages or
 royalty payments, or require us to cease certain activities or
 to cease selling certain products and services.

 If Motorola is unable or unwilling to provide us with
 equipment and handsets in support of our iDEN based services, as
 well as anticipated handset and infrastructure improvements for
 those services, our operations will be adversely affected.

 Motorola is our sole source for most of the equipment that
 supports the iDEN network and for all of the handsets we offer
 under the Nextel brand except primarily for BlackBerry devices.
 Although our handset supply agreement with Motorola is
 structured to provide competitively priced handsets, the cost of
 iDEN handsets is generally higher than handsets that do not
 incorporate a similar multi-function capability. This difference
 may make it more difficult or costly for us to offer handsets at
 prices that are attractive to potential customers. In addition,
 the higher cost of iDEN handsets requires us to absorb a larger
 part of the cost of offering handsets to new and existing
 customers. These increased costs and handset subsidy expenses
 may reduce our growth and profitability. Also, we must rely on
 Motorola to develop handsets and equipment capable of supporting
 the features and services we plan to offer to subscribers of
 services on our iDEN network, including a dual-mode handset. A
 decision by Motorola to discontinue manufacturing, supporting or
 enhancing our iDEN-based infrastructure and handsets would have
 a material adverse effect on us. In addition, because iDEN
 technology is not as widely adopted and has fewer subscribers
 than other wireless technologies and because we expect that over
 time more of our customers will utilize service offered on our
 CDMA network, it is less likely that manufacturers other than
 Motorola will be willing to make the significant financial
 commitment required to license, develop and manufacture iDEN
 infrastructure equipment and handsets. Further, our ability to
 timely and efficiently implement the spectrum reconfiguration
 plan in connection with the FCC’s Report and Order is
 dependent, in part, on Motorola.

 The reconfiguration process contemplated by the FCC’s
 Report and Order may adversely affect our business and
 operations, which could adversely affect our future growth and
 operating results.

 In order to accomplish the reconfiguration of the 800 MHz
 spectrum band that is contemplated by the Report and Order, in
 most cases we will need to cease our use of a portion of the 800
 MHz spectrum on our iDEN network in a particular market before
 we are able to commence use of replacement 800 MHz spectrum in
 that market. To mitigate the temporary loss of the use of this
 spectrum, in many markets we will need to construct additional
 transmitter and receiver sites or acquire additional spectrum in
 the 800 MHz or 900 MHz bands. This spectrum may not be available
 to us on acceptable terms. In markets where we are unable to
 construct additional sites or acquire additional spectrum as
 needed, the decrease in capacity may adversely affect the
 performance of our iDEN network, require us to curtail
 subscriber additions in those markets until the capacity
 limitation can be corrected, or a combination of the two.
 Degradation in network performance in any market could result in
 higher subscriber churn in that market, the effect of which
 could be exacerbated if we are forced to curtail subscriber
 additions in that market. A resulting loss of a significant
 number of subscribers

 24

 could adversely affect our results of operations. We believe
 that the reconfiguration process has contributed adversely to
 the capacity and performance of our iDEN network, particularly
 in some of our more capacity constrained markets. In addition,
 the Report and Order gives the FCC the authority to suspend our
 use of the 1.9 GHz spectrum that we received under the Report
 and Order if we do not comply with our obligations under the
 Report and Order.

 Government regulation could adversely affect our prospects
 and results of operations; the FCC and state regulatory
 commissions may adopt new regulations or take other actions that
 could adversely affect our business prospects or results of
 operations.

 The FCC and other federal, state and local governmental
 authorities have jurisdiction over our business and could adopt
 regulations or take other actions that would adversely affect
 our business prospects or results of operations.

 The licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection
 arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems are
 regulated by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, state
 and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes
 significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with
 respect to:

 •  

 how radio spectrum is used by licensees;

 •  

 the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how such
 services may be offered; and

 •  

 resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands.

 Various states are considering regulations over terms and
 conditions of service, including such things as certain billing
 practices and consumer-related issues, that may not be preempted
 by federal law. If imposed, these regulations could increase the
 costs of our wireless operations.

 The FCC grants wireless licenses for terms of generally ten
 years that are subject to renewal and revocation. There is no
 guarantee that our licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply
 with FCC requirements in a given license area could result in
 revocation of the license for that license area.

 The FCC has initiated a number of proceedings to evaluate its
 rules and policies regarding spectrum licensing and usage. It is
 considering new “harmful interference” concepts that
 might permit unlicensed users to “share” licensed
 spectrum. These new uses could adversely impact our utilization
 of our licensed spectrum, and our operational costs.

 CMRS providers must implement E911 capabilities in accordance
 with FCC rules. We were unable to satisfy the requirement that
 95% of our iDEN subscriber base have Assisted-GPS capable
 handsets by December 31, 2005. The matter has been referred
 to the FCC’s Enforcement Bureau for further action, which
 could result in fines, new deadlines for compliance or further
 actions by us to encourage our customers to upgrade their
 handsets so we can fulfill the 95% requirement.

 Depending upon their outcome, the FCC’s proceedings
 regarding regulation of special access rates could affect the
 rates paid by our Long Distance and Wireless segments for
 special access services in the future. Similarly, depending on
 their outcome, the FCC’s proceedings on the regulatory
 classification of VoIP services could affect the intercarrier
 compensation rates and the level of USF contributions paid by us.

 Concerns about health risks associated with wireless
 equipment may reduce the demand for our services.

 Portable communications devices have been alleged to pose health
 risks, including cancer, due to radio frequency emissions from
 these devices. Purported class actions and other lawsuits have
 been filed against numerous wireless carriers, including us,
 seeking not only damages but also remedies that could increase
 our cost of doing business. We cannot be sure of the outcome of
 those cases or that our business and financial condition will
 not be adversely affected by litigation of this nature or public
 perception about health risks. The actual or perceived risk of
 mobile communications devices could adversely affect us through
 a reduction in subscribers, reduced network usage per subscriber
 or reduced financing available to the mobile

 25

 communications industry. Further research and studies are
 ongoing, and we cannot be sure that additional studies will not
 demonstrate a link between radio frequency emissions and health
 concerns.