In addition to the other information
contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.

If we are not able to attract and retain wireless subscribers, our financial performance will be impaired. 

We are in the business of selling communications services to subscribers, and our economic success is based on our ability to attract new subscribers and
retain current subscribers. If we are unable to find enough people willing to subscribe for or purchase our wireless communications services, or unwilling to continue to purchase our services, at the prices at which we are willing to sell them, our
financial performance will be impaired, and we could fail to meet our financial obligations, which could result in several outcomes, including controlling investments by third parties, takeover bids, liquidation of assets or insolvency. Since
January 1, 2008, we have experienced a 5.1 million decrease in our total direct subscriber base, including approximately 4.1 million post-paid subscribers. In addition, over the past year, we have experienced an average post-paid
churn rate of 2.18%, while our two largest competitors had churn rates that were substantially lower. 

Our ability to compete successfully
for new subscribers and to retain our existing subscribers and reduce our rate of churn depends on: 

•

 our successful execution of marketing and sales strategies, including the acceptance of our value proposition; service delivery and customer care activities,
including new account set up and billing; and our credit and collection policies; 

•

 our ability to enter into arrangements with MVNOs and alternative resellers; 

•

 our ability to anticipate and develop new or enhanced products and services that are attractive to existing or potential subscribers; 

•

 our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including new services that may be introduced by our competitors,
changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends, economic conditions, and discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors; 

•

 actual or perceived quality and coverage of our network; and 

•

 public perception about our brand. 

Our recent efforts to attract new subscribers and reduce churn have not been as successful as those of our competitors. Our subscriber losses and high rate of churn have impaired our ability to maintain the level of revenues generated in
prior periods and caused deterioration in the operating margins of our wireless operations and our operations as a whole, the effects of which will continue if we do not attract new subscribers and reduce our rate of churn. Our ability to retain
subscribers may also be negatively affected by industry trends related to subscriber contracts. For example, we and our competitors no longer require subscribers to renew their contracts when making changes to their pricing plans. These types of
changes could negatively affect our ability to retain subscribers and could lead to an increase in our churn rates if we are not successful in providing an attractive product and service mix. 

We expect to incur expenses to attract new subscribers, improve subscriber retention and reduce churn, but there can be no assurance that our efforts
will result in new subscribers or a lower rate of subscriber churn. Subscriber losses and a high rate of churn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations because they result in lost revenues and cash flow. Although
attracting new subscribers and retention of existing subscribers are important to the financial viability of our business, there is an added focus on retention 

15 

Table of Contents

because the cost of adding a new subscriber is higher than the cost associated with retention of an existing subscriber, and new subscribers are generally
entering into contracts with lower average revenue per subscriber than the subscribers leaving our network. 

As the wireless market matures, we must
increasingly seek to attract subscribers from competitors and face increased credit risk from first-time wireless subscribers. 

We
and our competitors increasingly must seek to attract a greater proportion of new subscribers from each other’s existing subscriber bases rather than from first-time purchasers of wireless services. Recently, we have not been able to attract
subscribers at the same rate as our competitors and have had a net loss of subscribers during 2007 and 2008. In addition, the higher market penetration also means that subscribers purchasing wireless services for the first time, on average, have a
lower credit rating than existing wireless users, and the number of these subscribers we are willing to accept is dependent on our credit policies, which change from time-to-time. To the extent we cannot compete effectively for new subscribers, our
revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Competition and technological changes in the market for wireless services could
negatively affect our average revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, operating costs and our ability to attract new subscribers, resulting in adverse effects on our revenues, future cash flows, growth and profitability. 

We compete with a number of other wireless service providers in each of the markets in which we provide wireless services, and we expect competition to
increase as additional spectrum is made available for commercial wireless services and as new technologies are developed and launched. As competition among wireless communications providers has increased, we have created pricing plans that have
resulted in declining average revenue per subscriber, for voice and data services, a trend that we expect will continue. Competition in pricing and service and product offerings may also adversely impact subscriber retention and our ability to
attract new subscribers, with adverse effects on our results of operations. A decline in the average revenue per subscriber coupled with our declining number of subscribers will negatively impact our revenues, future cash flows, growth and overall
profitability, which, in turn, could impact our ability to meet our financial obligations. 

The wireless communications industry is
experiencing significant technological change, including improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology and the deployment of unlicensed spectrum devices. This change causes uncertainty about future subscriber demand for our wireless
services and the prices that we will be able to charge for these services. In addition, due, in part, to current economic conditions, we are carefully monitoring our spending, and we are targeting how and where we spend our capital on network and
service enhancements. Spending by our competitors on new wireless services and network improvements could enable our competitors to obtain a competitive advantage with new technologies or enhancements that we do not offer. Rapid change in technology
may lead to the development of wireless communications technologies or alternative services that are superior to our technologies or services or that consumers prefer over ours. If we are unable to meet future advances in competing technologies on a
timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, we may not be able to compete effectively and could lose subscribers to our competitors. 

Mergers
or other business combinations involving our competitors and new entrants, including new wholesale relationships, beginning to offer wireless services may also continue to increase competition. These wireless operators may be able to offer
subscribers network features or products and services not offered by us, coverage in areas not served by either of our wireless networks or pricing plans that are lower than those offered by us, all of which would negatively affect our average
revenue per subscriber, subscriber churn, ability to attract new subscribers, and operating costs. For example, AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile now offer competitive wireless services packaged with local and long distance voice and high-speed
Internet services, and flat rate voice and data plans. Our Boost Mobile-branded services compete with several regional carriers, including Metro PCS and Leap Wireless, which offer competitively-priced calling plans that include unlimited local
calling. In addition, we may lose subscribers of our higher priced plans to our Boost Mobile offerings. 

16 

Table of Contents

One of the primary differentiating features of our Nextel-branded service is the two-way walkie-talkie
service available on our iDEN network. Several wireless equipment vendors, including Motorola, which supplies equipment for our Nextel-branded service, have begun to offer wireless equipment that is capable of providing walkie-talkie services that
are designed to compete with our walkie-talkie services. Several of our competitors have introduced handsets that are capable of providing walkie-talkie services. If these competitors’ services are perceived to be or become comparable, or if
any services introduced in the future are comparable to our Nextel-branded walkie-talkie services, a key competitive advantage of our Nextel service would be reduced, which in turn could adversely affect our business. 

Failure to improve wireless subscriber service and failure to continue to enhance the quality and features of our wireless networks and meet capacity requirements
of our subscriber base could impair our financial performance and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Although we must
continually make investments and incur costs in order to improve our wireless subscriber service and remain competitive, due to, among other things, the current economic conditions, we are carefully targeting how and where we spend our capital on
network and service enhancements. Over the past few years, we worked to enhance the quality of our wireless networks and related services by: 

•

 maintaining and expanding the capacity and coverage of our networks; 

•

 securing sufficient transmitter and receiver sites and obtaining zoning and construction approvals or permits at appropriate locations;

•

 obtaining adequate quantities of system infrastructure equipment and handsets, and related accessories to meet subscriber demand; and 

•

 obtaining additional spectrum in some or all of our markets, if and when necessary. 

Our current budget and focus on careful spending will require us to make decisions on the necessity and timing of certain network enhancements. We may
not continue to update our network at the same rate as in previous years. With our recent improvements and given our reduced number of subscribers, we do not believe this reduced spending will adversely affect the quality of our networks. If our
competitors spend on their network and service enhancements while we are curtailing our nonessential spending, their networks could perform at levels superior to ours, which could negatively affect our ability to attract new subscribers or retain
existing subscribers. 

Any network and service enhancements we decide to make may not occur as scheduled or at the cost that we have
estimated. Delays or failure to add network capacity, failure to maintain roaming agreements or increased costs of adding capacity could limit our ability to satisfy our wireless subscribers, resulting in decreased revenues. Even if we continuously
upgrade our wireless networks, there can be no assurance that existing subscribers will not prefer features of our competitors and switch wireless providers. 

Current economic conditions, our recent financial performance and our debt ratings could negatively impact our access to the capital markets resulting in less growth than planned or failure to satisfy financial covenants under our
existing debt agreements. 

Although we do not believe we will require additional capital to make the capital and operating
expenditures necessary to implement our business plans or to satisfy our debt service requirements for the next few years, we may need to incur additional debt in the future for a variety of reasons, including future acquisitions. Our ability to
arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our financial performance, debt ratings, general economic conditions and prevailing market conditions. Some of these factors are beyond our control. Due to current economic
conditions, our financial performance and our debt ratings, we may not be able to arrange additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed 

17 

Table of Contents

could, among other things, result in our inability to continue to expand our businesses and meet competitive challenges. Our debt ratings could be downgraded
if we incur significant additional indebtedness, or if we do not generate sufficient cash from our operations, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs and could affect our ability to access capital. 

Our credit facilities require that we maintain a ratio of total indebtedness to trailing four quarters earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization and other non-cash gains or losses, such as goodwill impairment charges, of no more than 4.25 to 1.0, which as of December 31, 2008, was 3.0 to 1.0. If we do not continue to satisfy this ratio, we will be in default under our
credit facilities, which could trigger defaults under our other debt obligations, which in turn could result in the maturities of certain debt obligations being accelerated. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, notwithstanding our actual operations and performance. 

The stock market in general, and the market for communications and technology companies in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations
over the past year. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operations and performance. The trading price of our common stock has fallen by 75% since January 1,
2008. Stock price volatility and continued and sustained decreases in our share price could subject our shareholders to losses and us to takeover bids or lead to action by the NYSE. The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to
be subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

•

 quarterly announcements and variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors, either alone or in comparison to analysts expectations, including
announcements on our subscriber activity and rate of churn; 

•

 the availability or perceived availability of additional capital and market perceptions relating to our access to this capital; 

•

 seasonality or other variations in our subscriber base, including our rate of churn; 

•

 announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments;

•

 the performance of Clearwire and Clearwire’s Class A common stock or speculation about the possibility of future actions we or other significant
shareholders may take in connection with Clearwire holdings; 

•

 disruption to our operations or those of other companies critical to our network operations; 

•

 announcements by us regarding the entering into, or termination of, material transactions; 

•

 our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis; 

•

 recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates concerning us; 

•

 the incurrence of additional debt, dilutive issuances of our stock, short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions of our common stock;

•

 any major change in our board of directors or management; 

•

 litigation; 

•

 changes in governmental regulations or approvals; and 

•

 perceptions of general market conditions in the technology and communications industries, the U.S. economy and global market conditions.

18 

Table of Contents

Consolidation and competition in the wholesale market for wireline services, as well as consolidation of our
roaming partners and access providers used for wireless services, could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our
Wireline segment competes with AT&T, Verizon, Qwest Communications, Level 3 Communications Inc., other major local incumbent operating companies, and cable operators, as well as a host of smaller competitors, in the provision of wireline
services. Some of these companies have high-capacity, IP-based fiber-optic networks capable of supporting large amounts of voice and data traffic. Some of these companies claim certain cost structure advantages that, among other factors, may allow
them to offer services at a price below that which we can offer profitably. In addition, consolidation by these companies could lead to fewer companies controlling access to more cell sites, enabling them to control usage and rates, which could
negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

Increased competition and the significant increase in capacity resulting from new
technologies and networks may drive already low prices down further. AT&T and Verizon, as a result of their acquisitions, continue to be our two largest competitors in the domestic long distance communications market. We and other long distance
carriers depend heavily on local access facilities obtained from ILECs to serve our long distance subscribers, and payments to ILECs for these facilities are a significant cost of service for our Wireline segment. The long distance operations of
AT&T and Verizon have cost and operational advantages with respect to these access facilities because those carriers serve significant geographic areas, including many large urban areas, as the incumbent local carrier. 

In addition, our Wireless segment could be adversely affected by changes in rates and access fees that result from consolidation of our roaming partners
and access providers, which could negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

Failure to complete development, testing and deployment of new
technology that supports new services could affect our ability to compete in the industry. The deployment of new technology and new service offerings could result in network degradation or the loss of subscribers. In addition, the technology we use
may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We develop, test and deploy various new technologies and support systems intended to
enhance our competitiveness by both supporting new services and features and reducing the costs associated with providing those services. Successful development and implementation of technology upgrades depend, in part, on the willingness of third
parties to develop new applications in a timely manner. We may not successfully complete the development and rollout of new technology and related features or services in a timely manner, and they may not be widely accepted by our subscribers or may
not be profitable, in which case we could not recover our investment in the technology. Deployment of technology supporting new service offerings may also adversely affect the performance or reliability of our networks with respect to both the new
and existing services and may require us to take action like curtailing new subscribers in certain markets. Any resulting subscriber dissatisfaction could affect our ability to retain subscribers and have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and growth prospects. 

Our wireless networks provide services utilizing CDMA and iDEN technologies. Wireless subscribers served
by these two technologies represent a smaller portion of global wireless subscribers than the subscribers served by wireless networks that utilize GSM technology. As a result, our costs with respect to both CDMA and iDEN network equipment and
handsets may continue to be higher than the comparable costs incurred by our competitors who use GSM technology, which places us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We recently entered into agreements with Clearwire to integrate our WiMAX wireless broadband business with theirs. See “
Risks Related to our Investment in Clearwire” below for risks related to
the deployment of WiMAX.

19 

Table of Contents

The blurring of the traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet services
contribute to increased competition. 

The traditional dividing lines among long distance, local, wireless, video and Internet
services are increasingly becoming blurred. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, major providers are striving to provide integrated services in many of the markets we serve. This trend is also reflected in
changes in the regulatory environment that have encouraged competition and the offering of integrated services. 

We expect competition to
intensify across all of our business segments as a result of the entrance of new competitors or the expansion of services offered by existing competitors, and the rapid development of new technologies, products and services. We cannot predict which
of many possible future technologies, products, or services will be important to maintain our competitive position or what expenditures we will be required to make in order to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. To the
extent we do not keep pace with technological advances or fail to timely respond to changes in the competitive environment affecting our industry, we could lose market share or experience a decline in revenue, cash flows and net income. As a result
of the financial strength and benefits of scale enjoyed by some of our competitors, they may be able to offer services at lower prices than we can, thereby adversely affecting our revenues, growth and profitability. 

If we are unable to improve our results of operations, we face the possibility of additional charges for impairments of long-lived or indefinite lived assets. In
addition, if the fair market value of our investment in Clearwire continues to trade below its book value, it could result in an impairment charge. Also, our future operating results will be impacted by our share of Clearwire’s net loss or net
income, which during this period of their network build-out will likely negatively affect our results of operations. 

We review our
wireless and wireline long-lived assets for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the book amount may not be recoverable. If we are unable to improve our results of operations and cash flows, a review could lead to a material
impairment charge in our consolidated financial statements. 

We account for our investment in Clearwire using the equity method of
accounting and, as a result, we record our share of Clearwire’s net income or net loss which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In addition, the trading price of Clearwire’s Class A common stock has been
and may continue to be volatile, and the fair market value of our investment may continue to be below the book value of the investment, which could result in a material impairment charge in our consolidated financial statements. 

If Motorola is unable or unwilling to provide us with equipment and handsets in support of our iDEN-based services, as well as anticipated handset and
infrastructure improvements for those services, our operations will be adversely affected. 

Motorola is our sole source for most of
the equipment that supports the iDEN network and for all of the handsets we offer under the Nextel brand except for BlackBerry devices. Although our handset supply agreement with Motorola is structured to provide competitively-priced handsets, the
cost of iDEN handsets is generally higher than handsets that do not incorporate a similar multi-function capability. This difference may make it more difficult or costly for us to offer handsets at prices that are attractive to potential
subscribers. In addition, the higher cost of iDEN handsets requires us to absorb a larger part of the cost of offering handsets to new and existing subscribers. These increased costs and handset subsidy expenses may reduce our growth and
profitability. Also, we must rely on Motorola to develop handsets and equipment capable of supporting the features and services we offer to subscribers of services on our iDEN network, including the dual-mode handsets. A decision by Motorola to
discontinue, or the inability of Motorola to continue, manufacturing, supporting or enhancing our iDEN-based infrastructure and handsets would have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, because iDEN technology is not as widely adopted and
has fewer subscribers than other wireless technologies, it is less likely that manufacturers other than Motorola will be willing to make the significant financial commitment 

20 

Table of Contents

required to license, develop and manufacture iDEN infrastructure equipment and handsets. Further, our ability to complete the spectrum reconfiguration plan
in connection with the FCC’s Report and Order is dependent, in part, on Motorola.

We have entered into agreements with third parties related to
certain business operations. Any difficulties experienced in these arrangements could result in additional expense, loss of subscribers and revenue, interruption of our services or a delay in the roll-out of new technology. 

We have entered into agreements with third parties for the development and maintenance of certain software systems necessary for the operation of our
business. We also have agreements with third parties to provide customer service and related support to our wireless subscribers and outsourced aspects of our wireline network and back office functions to third parties. In addition, we have sublease
agreements with third parties for space on communications towers. As a result, we must rely on third parties to perform certain of our operations and, in certain circumstances, interface with our subscribers. If these third parties are unable to
perform to our requirements, we would have to pursue alternative strategies to provide these services and that could result in delays, interruptions, additional expenses and loss of subscribers. 

We are subject to exclusivity provisions and other restrictions under our arrangements with our remaining independent PCS Affiliates. Continued compliance with
those restrictions may limit our ability to fully integrate the operations of Nextel and Nextel Partners in the geographic areas served by those PCS Affiliates, may impact our ability to offer certain types of wireless products and services, and we
could incur significant costs to resolve issues related to these arrangements. 

Our agreements with our remaining independent PCS
Affiliates restrict our and their ability to own, operate, build or manage specified wireless communication networks or to sell certain wireless services within specified geographic areas. These agreements could negatively affect our ability to
introduce new products and services on a nationwide basis and the growth of our network. In addition, as a result of litigation with one PCS Affiliate, we were ordered to cease owning, operating or managing our Nextel network in parts of
Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska and Wisconsin. The Illinois Supreme Court affirmed the trial court decision in November 2008, but provided us with 360 days to sell or otherwise cease the operation or management of our
Nextel network in the relevant geographic areas. Compliance with this order could cause disruption to our service, result in subscriber losses and negatively affect our results of operations. The trial court denied our request to set aside this
judgment based on new evidence and we plan to appeal that denial. The outcome of the ongoing litigation with that PCS Affiliate, which is uncertain, may impact our ability to offer certain types of wireless products and services on a nationwide
basis, and we could incur significant costs to litigate and resolve this issue. 

The intellectual property rights utilized by us and our suppliers
and service providers may infringe on intellectual property rights owned by others. 

Some of our products and services use
intellectual property that we own. We also purchase products from suppliers, including handset device suppliers, and outsource services to service providers, including billing and customer care functions, that incorporate or utilize intellectual
property. We and some of our suppliers and service providers have received, and may receive in the future, assertions and claims from third parties that the products or software utilized by us or our suppliers and service providers infringe on the
patents or other intellectual property rights of these third parties. These claims could require us or an infringing supplier or service provider to cease certain activities or to cease selling the relevant products and services. These claims and
assertions also could subject us to costly litigation and significant liabilities for damages or royalty payments, or require us to cease certain activities or to cease selling certain products and services. 

Our CDMA handsets use products obtained from QUALCOMM. Some of QUALCOMM’s products have been found to infringe on certain patents owned by Broadcom
Corporation. A United States district court enjoined QUALCOMM from further infringement and allowed for a sunset provision that expired on January 31, 2009. 

21 

Table of Contents

QUALCOMM has supplied us with alternative technologies. Broadcom may continue to challenge the alternatives, and Broadcom has initiated other suits against
QUALCOMM. These claims could subject us to costly litigation, a court could determine that the alternative technologies still infringe Broadcom’s patents, and/or a court could require us to cease providing certain QUALCOMM products. 

Government regulation could adversely affect our prospects and results of operations; the FCC and state regulatory commissions may adopt new regulations or take
other actions that could adversely affect our business prospects, future growth or results of operations. 

The FCC and other
federal, state and local governmental authorities have jurisdiction over our business and could adopt regulations or take other actions that would adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

The licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems are regulated by the FCC and,
depending on the jurisdiction, state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that
licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. 

The FCC grants
wireless licenses for terms of generally ten years that are subject to renewal and revocation. There is no guarantee that our licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply with FCC requirements in a given license area could result in revocation of the
license for that license area. 

Depending on their outcome, the FCC’s proceedings regarding regulation of special access rates could
affect the rates paid by our Wireless and Wireline segments for special access services in the future. Similarly, depending on their outcome, the FCC’s proceedings on the regulatory classification of VoIP services could affect the intercarrier
compensation rates and the level of USF contributions paid by us. 

In 2004, the FCC adopted a Report and Order to reconfigure the 800 MHz
band that provides for the exchange of a portion of our 800 MHz FCC spectrum licenses and requires us to fund the cost incurred by public safety systems and other incumbent licensees to reconfigure. In order to accomplish the reconfiguration, we may
need to cease our use of a portion of the 800 MHz spectrum on our iDEN network in a particular market before we are able to begin use of replacement 800 MHz spectrum in that market. To mitigate the temporary loss of the use of this spectrum, we may
need to construct additional transmitter and receiver sites or acquire additional spectrum. In markets where we are unable to construct additional sites or acquire additional spectrum as needed, the decrease in capacity may adversely affect the
performance of our iDEN network. 

Various states are considering regulations over terms and conditions of service, including certain
billing practices and consumer-related issues that may not be pre-empted by federal law. If imposed, these regulations could make it more difficult and expensive to implement national sales and marketing programs and could increase the costs of our
wireless operations. 

Degradation in network performance caused by compliance with government regulation, loss of spectrum or additional
rules associated with the use of spectrum in any market could result in an inability to attract new subscribers or higher subscriber churn in that market, which could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. In addition, additional
costs or fees imposed by governmental regulation could adversely affect our revenues, future growth and results of operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

The current economic environment may make it difficult for our business partners and subscribers to meet their
contractual obligations, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

The current economic environment has made it
difficult for businesses and consumers to obtain credit, which could cause our suppliers, distributors and subscribers to have problems meeting their contractual obligations with us. If our suppliers are unable to fulfill our orders or meet their
contractual obligations with us, we may not have the services or handsets available to meet the needs of our current and future subscribers, which could cause us to lose current and potential subscribers to other carriers. In addition, if our
distributors are unable to stay in business, we could lose distribution points, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Finally, if our subscribers are unable to pay their bills or potential subscribers feel they are
unable to take on additional financial obligations, they may be forced to forgo our services, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats and other disruptions. 

Major equipment failures,
natural disasters, including severe weather, terrorist acts, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security that affect our wireline and wireless networks, including transport facilities, communications switches,
routers, microwave links, cell sites or other equipment or third-party owned local and long-distance networks on which we rely, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. These events could disrupt our operations, require significant
resources, result in a loss of subscribers or impair our ability to attract new subscribers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Concerns about health risks associated with wireless equipment may reduce the demand for our services. 

Portable communications devices have been alleged to pose health risks, including cancer, due to radio frequency emissions from these devices. Purported
class actions and other lawsuits have been filed against numerous wireless carriers, including us, seeking not only damages but also remedies that could increase our cost of doing business. We cannot be sure of the outcome of those cases or that our
business and financial condition will not be adversely affected by litigation of this nature or public perception about health risks. The actual or perceived risk of mobile communications devices could adversely affect us through a reduction in
subscribers, reduced network usage per subscriber or reduced financing available to the mobile communications industry. Further research and studies are ongoing, and we cannot be sure that additional studies will not demonstrate a link between radio
frequency emissions and health concerns. 

Risks Related to our Investment in Clearwire 

We are a majority shareholder of Clearwire, a term we use to refer to the consolidated entity of Clearwire Corporation and its subsidiary Clearwire
Communications LLC. Under this section, we have included certain important risk factors with respect to our investment in Clearwire. For more discussion of Clearwire and the risks affecting Clearwire, you should refer to Clearwire’s annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. The contents of Clearwire’s Form 10-K are expressly not incorporated by reference into this report. 

Our investment in Clearwire exposes us to risks because we do not control the board, manage operations or control management, including decisions relating to the build-out and operation of a national 4G network,
and the value of our investment in Clearwire or our financial performance may be adversely affected by decisions made by Clearwire or other large investors in Clearwire that are adverse to our interests. 

Although we have the ability to nominate seven of Clearwire’s 13 directors, at least one of our nominees must be an independent director. Thus, we do
not control the board, and we do not manage the operations of Clearwire or control management. Clearwire has a group of investors that have been provided with representation on Clearwire’s board of directors. These investors may have interests
that diverge from ours or Clearwire’s. 

23 

Table of Contents

Differences in views among the large investors could result in delayed decisions by Clearwire’s board of directors or failure to agree on major issues.
Any differences in our views or problems with respect to the operation of Clearwire could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment in Clearwire or our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In addition, the corporate opportunity provisions in Clearwire’s restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless a director
is an employee of Clearwire, the person does not have a duty to present to Clearwire a corporate opportunity of which the director becomes aware, except where the corporate opportunity is expressly offered to the director in his or her capacity as a
director of Clearwire. This could enable certain Clearwire shareholders to benefit from opportunities that may otherwise be available to Clearwire, which could adversely affect Clearwire’s business and our investment in Clearwire. 

Clearwire’s restated certificate of incorporation also expressly provides that certain shareholders and their affiliates may, and have no duty
not to, engage in any businesses that are similar to or competitive with those of Clearwire, do business with Clearwire’s competitors, subscribers and suppliers, and employ Clearwire’s employees or officers. These shareholders or their
affiliates may deploy competing wireless broadband networks or purchase broadband services from other providers. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on Clearwire’s business, financial condition, results of operations or
prospects and the value of our investment in Clearwire. 

Moreover, we are dependent on Clearwire to quickly build, launch and operate a
viable, national 4G network, using capital including the $3.2 billion they have received from the strategic investors as well as the assets received from us. Our intention is to integrate these 4G services with our products and services in a manner
that preserves our time to market advantage. Clearwire’s success could be affected by, among other things, its ability to get financing in the amounts and at terms that enable it to build a national 4G network in a timely manner. Should
Clearwire be unable to obtain appropriate financing, it may be unable to build and operate a viable 4G network in a manner that sustains its time to market advantage, or at all. If Clearwire is delayed or unsuccessful in the development or operation
of a 4G network, our future revenues, cash flows, growth and overall profitability could be negatively affected. 

We may be unable to sell some or
all of our investment in Clearwire quickly or at all. 

Clearwire is a newly formed entity with limited trading history for its
publicly traded Class A common stock. In addition, the daily trading volume of Clearwire’s Class A common stock is lower than the number of shares of Class A common stock we would hold if we exchanged all of our Clearwire Class B
common stock and interests. If we should decide to sell some or all of our equity securities of Clearwire, there may not be purchasers available for any or all of our stock, or we may be forced to sell at a price that is below the then current
trading price or over a significant period of time. We are also subject to certain restrictions with respect to the sale of our equity securities of Clearwire.