Our business involves various risks and
uncertainties. Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any such risks or uncertainties, or any of the following risks or
uncertainties, develop into actual events, this could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline materially. 

This information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in the other reports and materials filed by us with the
SEC, as well as news releases and other information publicly disseminated by us from time to time. 

The following list describes the most significant risks
facing our company: 

•

 Our ability to respond to the competitive initiatives of other property and casualty insurers could affect our growth and pressure our pricing – We
compete within the property and casualty insurance industry not only for personal and commercial insurance customers, but also for employees and agents and brokers, particularly within our personal auto and small-business segments. We compete most
notably on types of product, price, quality and depth of coverage, customer service, claims handling, and in the case of agents and brokers, compensation. With respect to employees, we not only compete with other carriers for a specialized and well
educated workforce but we also compete with other large employers in our region. 

Competition for customers and agents has
led to increased marketing and advertising by our competitors, varied agent compensation structures, as well as the introduction of new insurance products and aggressive pricing. If we cannot effectively respond to increased competition for the
business of our current and prospective customers, we may not be able to grow our business or we may lose market share. 

•

 Our underwriting results are dependent on our ability to match rate to risk. If our pricing models fail to price risks accurately, our profitability may be
adversely affected – The profitability of our business substantially depends on the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in pricing our policies. We use automated underwriting tools for the
preponderance of our products, as well as tiered pricing structures to match our premium rates to the risks we insure. As we expand our appetite into different markets and products, we will write more policies in markets and geographical areas where
we have less data specific to these new markets, and accordingly may be more susceptible to error in our models or claims adjustment. If we fail to appropriately price the risks we insure, change our pricing model to reflect our current experience,
or our claims experience is more frequent or severe than our underlying risk assumptions, our profit margins may be negatively affected. To the extent we have overpriced risks, new-business growth and retention of our existing business may be
adversely affected. 

•

 If we are unable to maintain the availability of our information technology systems and safeguard the security of our data, our ability to conduct our business
may be compromised or our reputation may be harmed 
– We use computer systems, including our automated underwriting platform, to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. Our information
technology and telecommunications systems, in turn, interface with and rely upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our ability, and the ability of our employees, agents and brokers, to access these systems to perform necessary
business functions, such as providing new-business quotes, processing new and renewal business, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, and providing customer support. Systems failures or outages and an inability to recover
from these failures and outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions on a timely basis, which could hurt our business and our relationships with our agents and policyholders. In addition, systems failures (either our own or those
of third parties) could jeopardize the confidentiality of our policyholders’ personal data, which could harm our reputation and expose us to possible liability. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to
provide security and authentication capabilities. But there can be no guarantee that advances in computer capabilities, new computer viruses, programming or human errors, or other events or developments would not result in a breach of our security
measures, misappropriation of our proprietary information or an interruption of our business operations. 

•

 Our financial results may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business in which we participate 
– The
property and casualty insurance market is traditionally cyclical, experiencing periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of
relatively low levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. We are currently operating in a period characterized by significant price competition. While both types of periods pose challenges to us,
if we were to relax our underwriting standards or pricing in response to the competitive market, the associated claims activity could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 Increased claims activity resulting from catastrophic events, whether natural or man-made, may result in significant losses – We experience increased
claims activity when catastrophic events affect areas where our policyholders live or do business. Catastrophes can be caused by natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes, snow, hail and windstorms, or other factors, such
as terrorism, riots, hazardous material releases or utility outages. The extent of our losses in connection with catastrophic events is a function of the severity of the event and the total amount of policyholder exposure in the affected area. Where
we have geographic concentrations of policyholders, a single catastrophe (such as an earthquake) or destructive weather trend affecting a region may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot accurately
predict catastrophes, or the number and type of catastrophic events that will affect us. As a result, our operating and financial results may vary significantly from one period to the next. It is possible that changing climate conditions have added
to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. In particular, the increased severity and frequency of storms experienced in 2005 although not necessarily evident over
the past two years, may continue in the foreseeable future. While we anticipate and plan for catastrophe losses, there can be no assurance that our financial results will not be adversely affected by our exposure to losses arising from catastrophic
events in the future that exceed our previous experience and assumptions. 

•

 We may not be able to manage expenses effectively, which could adversely affect our profitability and our ability to compete in the property and casualty
insurance markets 
– Ongoing expense management is important to maintaining and increasing our growth and profitability. If we are unable to execute effectively on our process improvement and outsourcing efforts to realize expense
efficiencies, it could affect our ability to maintain competitive pricing and could have a negative effect on our new-business growth and retention of existing business. 

•

 We may not be able to attract and retain distributors for our products or our distributors may be unable to sell our policies, which may adversely affect our
market share and our business – We rely principally on independent agents and brokers to sell our insurance policies. The number of traditional independent agency distributors has decreased due to consolidation from mergers and
acquisitions, and independent distributors have increasing leverage with insurers seeking their business. Many insurers offer products similar to ours. In choosing an insurance carrier, an agent may consider ease-of-doing business, reputation, price
of product, customer service, claims handling and the insurer’s compensation structure. We may be unable to compete with insurers that adopt more aggressive pricing policies or more generous compensation structures; insurers that offer a
broader array of products; and insurers that have extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. 

Because we depend
principally on our independent agents and brokers to make the ultimate sale to our policyholders, we also face competition from insurers that employ other distribution methods through captive agents or direct sales, including the Internet. While we
are expanding our means of distribution, we must continue to maintain an independent distribution network. If we are unable to maintain a strong network of independent agents and brokers, or our agents and brokers are unable to compete effectively
with other distribution models, it will adversely affect our ability to write new business and retain existing policyholders, which may have a negative impact on our results of operations and prospects. 

•

 Claims payments could exceed our reserves and adversely affect the viability and financial strength of our operations 
– The profitability and
viability of our business depend on our ability to estimate our loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) reserves accurately. For each of our product lines, we maintain loss and LAE reserves, reflecting our best estimates of losses insured by us and
related settlement expenses we may be required to pay in connection with both reported and unreported claims. 

We
establish reserves at levels we expect to be sufficient to meet our insurance policy obligations. The ultimate cost of losses and the impact of unforeseen events may vary materially from recorded reserves, and variances may adversely affect our
operating results and financial condition. 

•

 Inflationary pressures on medical care costs, auto parts and repair, construction costs and other economic factors may increase the amount we pay for claims and
negatively affect our underwriting results – Inflationary pressures may require us to increase our reserves. If we are unable to adjust pricing for our products to account for cost increases or find other offsetting supply chain and
business efficiencies, these inflationary trends may negatively affect our underwriting profit and financial results. Rising medical costs require us to make higher payouts in connection with bodily injury claims under our policies. Likewise,
increases in costs for auto parts and repair services, construction costs and other commodities result in higher loss costs for property damage claims. 

•

 Other adverse economic factors including recession, inflation, periods of high unemployment or lower economic activity could result in fewer policies sold and/or
an increase in premium defaults which, in turn, could affect our policy growth and retention – Negative economic factors may also affect our ability to receive the appropriate rate for the risk we insure with our policyholders and may
impact our policy flow. In an economic downturn, the degree to which prospective policyholders apply for insurance and fail to pay all balances owed may increase. Existing policyholders may exaggerate or even falsify claims to obtain higher claims
payments. These outcomes would reduce our underwriting profit to the extent these effects are not reflected in our rates. 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 Emerging claim and coverage issues could negatively impact our business – As industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other conditions outside
of our control change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or increasing the type, number or size of claims.
Such emerging claims and coverage issues include: (i) increases in the number and size of claims relating to construction defects that can present complex coverage and damage valuation questions; (ii) evolving theories of liability and
judicial decisions expanding the interpretation of our policy provisions and thereby increasing the amount of damages for which we are liable; and (iii) a growing trend of plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers in purported class
action litigation relating to claim handling, consumer notification and other practices. The effects of these and other related, unforeseen emerging issues are extremely hard to predict and could harm our business and adversely affect our operating
results and financial condition. 

•

 Our investment portfolio includes fixed-maturities and marketable equity securities, and fluctuations in the fixed-maturities or equity markets could adversely
affect the valuation of our investment portfolio, our net investment income and our overall profitability – Our investment portfolio is subject to market risks, primarily risks associated with changes in interest rates, as well as
deterioration in the credit of companies and public entities in which we have invested. When interest rates rise, the value of our investment portfolio may decline due to decreases in the fair value of our fixed-maturities securities that comprise a
substantial majority of our investment portfolio. In a declining interest-rate environment, prepayments and redemptions affecting our securities may increase as issuers seek to refinance at lower rates. Such a decline in market rates could reduce
our investment income as new funds are invested at lower yields. Our general intent with respect to all of our fixed-maturities investments is to hold them to maturity, including investments that have declined in value. This intent can change,
however, due to financial market fluctuations, changes in our investment strategy or changes in our evaluation of the issuer’s financial condition and prospects. Investment returns are an important part of our overall profitability, and
fluctuations in the fixed-maturities or equity markets could negatively affect the timing and amount of our net investment income and cause our financial condition to fluctuate. Volatile conditions in certain credit markets such as the
well-publicized mortgage-backed securities market situation result in less liquidity, widening of credit spreads, and lack of price transparency. A decline in the quality of our investment portfolio due to adverse market conditions, the
effectiveness of our investment strategy and oversight of our outsourcing relationships could cause additional realized losses on our securities. 

•

 The insurance industry is subject to extensive regulation, and changes within this regulatory environment could adversely affect our operating costs and limit
the growth of our business – We conduct our business in a highly regulated environment. State insurance regulators are charged with protecting policyholders, not shareholders, and have broad supervisory powers over our business practices.
For example, state departments of insurance regulate and approve underwriting practices and rate changes, which can delay the implementation of premium rate changes or prevent us from making changes we believe are necessary to match rate to risk.

Because the laws and regulations under which we operate are administered and enforced by a diverse group of governmental
authorities, there is always the risk that compliance with one regulator’s interpretation of a matter may conflict with another authority’s interpretation of the same issue. In addition, there is a risk that a regulator’s
interpretation of an issue will change over time to our detriment. While the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the insurance industry, federal legislation and administrative policies can affect us, and Congress and various federal
agencies periodically discuss proposals that would provide for a federal charter for insurance companies. We cannot predict whether any such laws will be enacted or what effect they would have on our business. For an overview of regulations
affecting Safeco, see the Regulation section of Item 1: Our Business. 

Changes in the overall legal and regulatory environment also may
expand our liability in connection with existing policies or require us to reassess the actions we need to take to comply with evolving perceptions of law. We believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;
however, they are subject to regular modification and change. There can be no assurance that changes will not be made to current laws, rules and regulations, or that any other laws, rules or regulations will not be adopted in the future that could
adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 Our exposure to individual risks and catastrophic losses may increase if we are unable to purchase sufficient reinsurance at acceptable rates or our reinsurers
are unable to pay – We purchase reinsurance to reduce our exposure to catastrophe losses and limit our financial losses on large individual risks. This allows us to stabilize our loss experience and increases our capacity to write policies.
The availability and cost of reinsurance are determined by market conditions outside our control. No assurance can be made that we will be able to obtain and maintain reinsurance at the same levels and on the same terms as we do today.

If we are not able to obtain or maintain reinsurance in amounts we consider appropriate for our business, or if the cost
of obtaining such reinsurance increases materially, we may choose to retain a larger portion of the potential loss associated with our policies. If we are unable to collect reinsurance proceeds because a reinsurer is unable or unwilling to pay, we
may incur greater losses. If we are unable to mitigate our exposure to large losses through reinsurance for any reason, our financial condition could be adversely affected in the event of a significant catastrophe. 

•

 Judicial decisions affecting the interpretation of insurance policy provisions and coverage, together with changing theories of liability, may cause us to incur
increased losses and damages – We are involved in numerous threatened or filed legal actions in the ordinary course of our operations. As a liability insurer, our involvement in legal actions typically relates to our defense of third-party
claims brought against our policyholders, or our principals in the case of surety bonds. We also are commonly a defendant in policy coverage claims brought against us. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see Item 3: Legal
Proceedings. 

While we do not expect any of these actions to have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or
operating results, evolving theories of liability and judicial decisions expanding the interpretation of our policy provisions could increase the amount of damages for which we are liable, and increase our costs associated with defending and
settling such lawsuits. Such a scenario could require us to set higher reserves for claims. 

•

 Our business operations depend on our ability to appropriately execute and administer our policies and claims – Our primary business is writing and
servicing property and casualty insurance policies for individuals, families and small- to mid-sized commercial businesses. Because we deal with large numbers of similar policies, any problems or discrepancies that arise in our pricing,
underwriting, billing, processing, claims handling or other practices, whether as a result of employee or outsourced vendor error or technological problems, could have negative repercussions on our financial results and our reputation if such
problems or discrepancies are replicated through multiple policies or claims. 

•

 Our access to capital markets, our financing arrangements and our business operations are dependent on favorable evaluations and ratings by credit and other
rating agencies – Our credit strength and financial strength of our insurance subsidiaries are evaluated and rated by various rating agencies, such as Standard and Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Services, Fitch Ratings, and A.M. Best.
Downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect both our ability to sell new business in our surety line and our ability to access the capital markets which may increase our borrowing costs in the future. Downgrades in the ratings of our
insurance subsidiaries could have a negative impact on perceptions of our company by investors, producers, other businesses and consumers which may result in lower or negative premium growth. Such downgrades could have a material adverse impact on
our financial performance and results of operations. 

•

 If we experience difficulties with outsourcing relationships our ability to conduct our business might be negatively impacted – We outsource certain
functions to third parties and plan to do so increasingly in the future. If we do not effectively develop and implement our outsourcing strategy and as a result we experience technological or other problems with an outsourcing transition, we may not
realize productivity improvements or cost efficiencies. In addition, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and a loss of business if third party providers do not perform as anticipated. Our ability to receive services from
third party providers outside of the United States on an on-going basis could be impacted by cultural differences, political instability and unanticipated regulatory requirements or policies inside or outside of the United States. As a result, our
ability to conduct our business might be adversely affected. 

17 

Table of Contents