The following list describes several risk factors facing our company: 

•

We face strong competition from other property and casualty insurers, which may affect our growth and pressure our pricing –
 Competition within the property and
casualty insurance industry continues to increase, particularly within our Auto and SBI segments. Many of our competitors have stronger brand recognition and access to greater financial resources than we do. Strong underwriting results in the
personal auto insurance market have encouraged greater competition, and we are seeing increased competition for our mid-market commercial customers. Many providers are using increasingly sophisticated pricing models, and some are reducing prices. If
we fail to maintain our discipline in pricing and underwriting in the face of this competition, our underwriting profits may be adversely affected. 

Competition for customers has led to increased marketing and advertising by our competitors as well as the introduction of
new insurance products. If we cannot effectively respond to increased competition for the business of our current and prospective customers, our policies-in-force may decline and our growth may slow. 

•

Our underwriting results are dependent on our ability to match rate to risk. If our pricing models fail to price risks accurately, our profitability may be adversely affected
–
 The profitability of our business substantially depends on the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in pricing our policies. We use automated underwriting tools for many of our
products, as well as tiered pricing structures to match our premium rates to the risks we insure. As our business grows, we will write more policies in markets where we have less geographic presence and experience. 

If we fail to price the risks we insure appropriately or our claims
experience is more frequent or severe than our underlying risk assumptions, our profit margins could be negatively affected. To the extent we have overpriced risks, it may reduce our sales and our competitiveness. Either scenario may have an adverse
impact on our underwriting profit and results of operations. 

•

Our financial results may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business in which we participate – The property and casualty
insurance market is historically cyclical, experiencing periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively low levels of
competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. We are currently operating in a period characterized by high price competition. While both types of periods pose challenges to us, if we were to relax our
underwriting standards or pricing in response to the competitive market, a period of increased claims activity could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

- 18 - 

Table of Contents

•

Increased claims activity resulting from catastrophic events, whether natural or man-made, may result in significant losses –
 We experience increased claims
activity when catastrophic events affect areas where our policyholders live or do business. Catastrophes can be caused by natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes and hailstorms, or other factors, such as terrorism,
riots, hazardous material releases or utility outages. 

The extent of our losses in connection with catastrophic events is a function of the severity of the event and the total amount of policyholder exposure in the affected area. Where we have geographic concentrations of policyholders, a
single catastrophe (such as an earthquake) or destructive weather trend affecting a region may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot accurately predict catastrophes, or the number and type of
catastrophic events that will affect us. As a result, our operating and financial results may vary significantly from one period to the next. While we anticipate and plan for catastrophe losses, there can be no assurance that our financial results
will not be adversely affected by our exposure to losses arising from catastrophic events in the future that exceed our previous experience and assumptions. 

•

We may not be able to effectively manage expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability and our ability to compete in the property and casualty insurance markets
– In the current competitive environment, expense reductions have become increasingly important to maintaining and increasing our profitability. If we are unable to realize expense efficiencies, it could affect our ability to establish
competitive pricing and could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

•

We may not be able to effectively attract and retain distributors for our products, or our distributors may be unable to sell our policies, which may adversely affect our market
share and our business – We rely principally on independent insurance agents and brokers to sell our insurance policies. This means that in addition to competing for policyholders, we also compete for agents and brokers to sell our
policies. The number of traditional independent agency distributors has decreased due to consolidation from mergers and acquisitions, and independent distributors have increasing leverage with insurers seeking their business. Many insurers offer
products similar to ours. In choosing an insurance carrier, an agent may consider ease-of-doing business, reputation, price of product, customer service, claims handling and the insurer’s compensation structure for its agents. We may be unable
to compete with insurers who adopt more aggressive pricing policies or compensation structures; insurers who offer a broader array of products, allowing them to offer policies similar to ours at lower prices or as part of a package of products; and
insurers with extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. 

Because we depend principally on our independent agents and brokers to make the ultimate sale to our policyholders, we also face competition from insurers that employ other distribution methods through captive agents
or direct sales, including the Internet, which allow customers to purchase insurance products without going through an agent. If we are unable to maintain a strong network of independent agents and brokers, or our agents and brokers are unable to
compete effectively with other distribution models, our ability to write new business and retain existing policyholders will be adversely affected, which may have a negative impact on our results of operations and prospects. 

•

 If we are unable to maintain the availability of our systems and safeguard the security of our data, our ability to conduct our business may be compromised and
our reputation may be harmed – We use computer systems, including our Safeco Now automated underwriting platform, to 

- 19 - 

Table of Contents

store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. Our information technology and telecommunications systems, in turn,
interface with and rely upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our ability, and the ability of our agents and brokers, to access these systems to perform necessary business functions, such as providing new-business quotes,
processing new and renewal business, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, and providing customer support. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions on a timely basis, which could
hurt our business and our relationships with our agents and policyholders. 

A breach of security with respect to our systems also could jeopardize the confidentiality of our policyholders’ personal data, which could harm our reputation and expose us to possible liability. Our security
measures could be circumvented to allow our proprietary information to be misappropriated or our operations to be interrupted. 

We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide security and authentication capabilities, but there can be no
guarantee that advances in computer capabilities, new computer viruses, programming errors, or other events or developments would not result in a breach of our security measures or an interruption of our business operations. 

•

Claims payments could exceed our reserves and adversely affect the viability and financial strength of our operations – The profitability and viability of our business
depend on our ability to accurately estimate our loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) reserves. For each of our product lines, we maintain loss and LAE reserves, reflecting our best estimates of losses insured by us and related settlement expenses
we may be required to pay in connection with both reported and unreported claims. 

We establish reserves at levels we expect to be sufficient to meet our insurance policy obligations. The ultimate cost of losses and the impact of
unforeseen events may vary materially from recorded reserves, and variances may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

•

The insurance industry is subject to extensive regulation, and changes within this regulatory environment could adversely affect our operating costs and limit the growth of our
business –
 We conduct our business in a highly regulated environment. State insurance regulators are charged with protecting policyholders, not shareholders, and have broad supervisory powers over our business practices. For example,
state departments of insurance regulate and approve underwriting practices and rate changes, which can delay the implementation of premium rate changes or prevent us from making changes we believe are necessary to match rate to risk.

Because the laws and regulations under which we
operate are administered and enforced by a diverse group of governmental authorities, there is always the risk that compliance with one regulator’s interpretation of a legal matter may conflict with another authority’s interpretation of
the same issue. In addition, there is a risk that a regulator’s interpretation of an issue will change over time to our detriment. While the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the insurance industry, federal legislation and
administrative policies can affect us, and Congress and various federal agencies periodically discuss proposals that would provide for a federal charter for insurance companies. We cannot predict whether any such laws will be enacted or what effect
they would have on our business. For an overview of regulations affecting Safeco, see the Regulation section on page 13. 

- 20 - 

Table of Contents

Changes in the overall legal and regulatory environment also may expand our liability in connection with
existing policies or require us to reassess the actions we need to take to comply with evolving perceptions of law. We believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. They are subject to regular modification and
change. There can be no assurance that changes will not be made to current laws, rules and regulations, or that any other laws, rules or regulations will not be adopted in the future that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

•

Our exposure to individual risks and catastrophic losses may increase if we are unable to purchase sufficient reinsurance at acceptable rates or our reinsurers are unable to pay
–
 We purchase reinsurance to reduce our exposure to catastrophe losses and limit our financial losses on large individual risks. This allows us to stabilize our loss experience and increases our capacity to write policies. The
availability and cost of reinsurance are determined by market conditions outside our control. No assurance can be made that we will be able to obtain and maintain reinsurance at the same levels and on the same terms as we do today.

If we are not able to obtain or maintain
reinsurance in amounts we consider appropriate for our business, or if the cost of obtaining such reinsurance increases materially, we may have to retain a larger portion of the potential loss associated with our policies. This would require us to
increase our reserves, which may reduce our ability to write new business and compete with insurers with greater financial resources. If we are unable to collect reinsurance proceeds because a reinsurer is unable or unwilling to pay, we may incur
greater losses. If we are unable to mitigate our exposure to large losses through reinsurance for any reason, our financial condition could be adversely affected in the event of a significant catastrophe. 

•

Judicial decisions affecting the interpretation of insurance policy provisions and coverage, together with changing theories of liability, may cause us to incur increased losses
and damages –
 We are involved in numerous threatened or filed legal actions in the ordinary course of our operations. As a liability insurer, our involvement in legal actions typically relates to our defense of third-party claims
brought against our policyholders, or our principals in the case of surety bonds. We also are commonly a defendant in policy coverage claims brought against us. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see Legal Proceedings on page 23.

While we do not expect any of these actions to
have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or operating results, evolving theories of liability and judicial decisions expanding the interpretation of our policy provisions could increase the amount of damages for which we are liable,
and increase our costs associated with defending and settling such lawsuits. Such a scenario could require us to set higher reserves for claims. 

•

Inflationary pressures on medical care costs, auto parts and repair, construction costs and other economic factors may increase the amount we pay for claims and negatively affect
our underwriting results – Rising medical costs require us to make higher payouts in connection with bodily injury claims under our policies. Likewise, increases in costs for auto parts and repair services, construction costs and other
commodities result in higher loss costs for property damage claims. Continued inflationary pressures could increase the cost of claims. These inflationary pressures may require us to increase our reserves. If we are unable to adjust pricing for our
products to account for cost increases, it may negatively impact our underwriting profit and financial results. 

- 21 - 

Table of Contents

•

Our investment portfolio includes fixed-income and marketable equity securities, and fluctuations in the fixed-income or equity markets could adversely affect the valuation of
our investment portfolio, our net investment income and our overall profitability –
 Our investment portfolio is subject to market risks, primarily risks associated with changes in interest rates and general equity prices, as well as
deterioration in the credit of companies in which we have invested. When interest rates rise, the value of our investment portfolio may decline due to decreases in the fair value of our fixed-income securities that comprise a substantial majority of
our investment portfolio. In a declining interest-rate environment, prepayments and redemptions affecting our securities may increase as issuers seek to refinance at lower rates. Such a decline in market rates could reduce our investment income as
new funds are invested at lower yields. 

Our
general intent with respect to all of our fixed maturity investments is to hold them to maturity, including investments that have declined in value. This intent can change, however, due to financial market fluctuations or changes in our evaluation
of the issuer’s financial condition and prospects. Investment returns are an important part of our overall profitability, and fluctuations in the fixed-income or equity markets could negatively affect the timing and amount of our net investment
income and cause our financial condition to fluctuate. 

•

Our business operations are dependent on our ability to appropriately execute and administer our policies and claims –
 Our primary business is writing and
servicing property and casualty insurance policies for individuals, families and small- to mid-sized commercial businesses. Because we deal with large numbers of similar policies, any problems or discrepancies that arise in our pricing,
underwriting, billing, processing, claims handling or other practices, whether as a result of employee error or technological problems, could have negative repercussions on our financial results and our reputation if such problems or discrepancies
are replicated through multiple policies or claims.