Affecting Operating Results 

We are exposed to general market conditions in the electronics industry which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

        From time to time, our customers have experienced significant decreases in demand for their products and services. This volatility has resulted, and may result in
the future, in our customers delaying purchases of the products we manufacture for them and our customers placing purchase orders for lower volumes of products than previously anticipated. We cannot
accurately predict future levels of demand for our customers' electronics products. Consequently, our past operating results, earnings and cash flows may not be indicative of our future operating
results, earnings and cash flows. 

We generally do not obtain long-term volume purchase commitments from customers and, therefore, cancellations, reductions in production
quantities and delays in production by our customers could adversely affect our operating results. 

        We generally do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers. Customers may cancel their orders, reduce production quantities or
delay production for a number of reasons. In the event our customers experience significant decreases in demand for their products and services, our customers may cancel orders, delay the delivery of
some of the products that we manufacture or place purchase orders for fewer products than we previously anticipated. Even when our customers are contractually obligated to purchase products from us,
we may be unable or, for other business reasons, choose not to enforce our contractual rights. Cancellations, reductions or delays of orders by customers would: 

•

adversely
affect our operating results by reducing the volumes of products that we manufacture for our customers;

•

delay
or eliminate recoupment of our expenditures for inventory purchased in preparation for customer orders; and

•

lower
our asset utilization, which would result in lower gross margins. 

        In
addition, customers are increasingly requiring that we transfer the manufacturing of their products from one facility to another to achieve cost reductions and other objectives. These
transfers have resulted in increased costs to us due to facility downtime or less than optimal utilization of our manufacturing capacity. These transfers also have required us to close or reduce
operations at certain facilities, particularly those in high cost locations such as the United States and Western Europe, and as a result we have incurred increased costs for the closure of
facilities, employee severance and related matters. We also have encountered occasional delays and complications related to the transition of manufacturing programs to new locations. We may be
required to relocate our manufacturing operations in the future and, accordingly, we may incur additional costs that will adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. 

We may sell or dispose of our PC business. 

        We may sell or dispose of our PC business unit that includes our personal business computers and industry standard servers which may or may not include their
related build-to-order, configure-to-order and logistics operations. We anticipate that any such sale or disposition would occur in fiscal 2008. We
would expect any sale or disposition of our PC business to materially reduce our net sales, our operating income and cash flows. There also may be costs and liabilities that we incur or retain in
connection with a sale or disposition. Further, we may be unable to sell or dispose of our PC business on terms that are favorable to us, or we may be unable to sell or dispose of our PC business at
all. 

50

        Further,
one of the three major customers of our PC business has indicated to us that it intends eventually to manufacture its products internally, thereby terminating its manufacturing
relationship with our PC business. We are not able to inform you if or when this transition will occur. Whether or not we complete a transaction involving our PC business or even if this customer's
business were not included in any such transaction, we would expect a material reduction in our net sales, operating income and cash flows if this customer terminated its manufacturing relationship
with us. Our PC segment as a whole, which does not include its associated logistics activities and which may or may not reflect the business operations ultimately included in any divestiture, had net
sales of approximately
$3.2 billion during both fiscal 2006 and 2007. For certain historical financial information regarding our PC segment as a whole, see note 19 to our audited financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

        In
addition to the foregoing, we also intend to sell certain other non-strategic assets. 

We are subject to intense competition in the EMS industry, and our business may be adversely affected by these competitive pressures. 

        The EMS industry is highly competitive and the industry has been experiencing an increase in excess manufacturing capacity. We compete on a worldwide basis to
provide electronics manufacturing services to OEMs in the communications, personal and business computing, enterprise computing and storage, multimedia, industrial and semiconductor capital
equipment, defense and aerospace, medical and automotive industries. Our competitors include major global EMS providers such as Celestica, Inc., Flextronics International Ltd., Hon Hai
(FoxConn), and Jabil Circuit, Inc., as well as other EMS companies that have a regional, product, service or industry specific focus. Some of these companies have greater manufacturing and
financial resources than we do. We also face competition from current and potential OEM customers who may elect to manufacture their own products internally rather than outsourcing to EMS providers. 

        We
may not be able to offer prices as low as some of our competitors because those competitors may have lower operating costs as a result of their geographic location or the services
they provide or because these competitors are willing to provide EMS services at prices that result in lower gross margins in order to utilize more of their excess capacity. If we are unable to offer
prices that are competitive with other EMS companies, our net sales would decline. We also expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products or services, to
reduce their current products or service sales prices and to introduce new products or services that may offer greater value-added performance and improved pricing. Any of these could cause a decline
in sales, loss of market acceptance of our products or services and a corresponding loss of market share or a decrease in profit margin. We have experienced instances in which customers have
transferred all or certain portions of their business to competitors in response to more attractive pricing quotations than we have been willing to offer to retain such customers, and there can be no
assurance that we will not lose business in the future in response to such competitive pricing or other inducements which may be offered by our competitors. 

If demand for our higher-end, higher margin manufacturing services does not improve, our future gross margins and operating results may be
lower than expected. 

        We typically earn lower gross margins when we provide less complex EMS services. Historically, sales of our services to OEMs in the communications sector
accounted for a substantially greater portion of our net sales and earnings than in recent periods. As a result of reduced sales to OEMs in the communications sector, our gross margins have
declined because the services that we provided to these OEMs often were more complex, thereby generating higher margins, than those that we provided to OEMs in other sectors of the
electronics industry. In addition, we experience continued pressure from OEMs to reduce prices, and competition for this business remains intense. Pricing pressure is 

51

typically
more intense for less complex, lower margin EMS services. This price competition has affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our gross margins. If demand for our
higher-end, higher margin manufacturing services does not improve in the future, our gross margins and operating results in future periods may be adversely affected. 

Our operating results are subject to significant uncertainties. 

        Our operating results are subject to significant uncertainties, including the following: 

•

economic
conditions in the electronics industry;

•

the
timing of orders from major customers and the accuracy of their forecasts;

•

the
timing of expenditures in anticipation of increased sales, customer product delivery requirements and shortages of components or labor;

•

the
mix of products ordered by and shipped to major customers, as high volume and low complexity manufacturing services typically have lower gross margins than more complex
and lower volume services;

•

the
degree to which we are able to utilize our available manufacturing capacity;

•

our
ability to effectively plan production and manage our inventory and fixed assets;

•

customer
insolvencies resulting in bad debt exposures that are in excess of our accounts receivable reserves;

•

our
ability to efficiently move manufacturing activities to lower cost regions without adversely affecting customer relationships and while controlling costs related to the
closure of facilities and employee severance;

•

pricing
and other competitive pressures;

•

seasonality
in customers' product requirements;

•

fluctuations
in component prices;

•

political
and economic developments in countries in which we have operations;

•

component
shortages, which could cause us to be unable to meet customer delivery schedules;

•

new
product development by our customers; and

•

levels
of demand in the end markets served by our customers. 

        A
portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated orders, which are difficult to estimate. If we do not receive
anticipated orders as expected, our operating results will be adversely impacted. Moreover, our ability to reduce our costs as a result of current or future restructuring efforts may be limited
because consolidation of operations can be a costly and lengthy process to complete. 

We rely on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and declines in sales to these customers could adversely affect our
operating results. 

        Most of our sales come from a small number of customers. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for 61.5% of our net sales during fiscal 2007, and sales to
three customers each accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for that period. We depend on the continued growth, viability and financial stability of our customers, substantially all of which
operate in an environment characterized by rapid technological change, short product life cycles, consolidation and pricing and margin pressures. We expect to continue to depend upon a relatively
small number of customers for a significant 

52

percentage
of our revenue. Consolidation among our customers may further concentrate our business in a limited number of customers and expose us to increased risks related to dependence on a small
number of customers. In addition, a significant reduction in sales to any of our large customers or significant pricing and margin pressures exerted by a key customer would adversely affect our
operating results. In the past, some of our large customers have significantly reduced or delayed the volume of manufacturing services ordered from us as a result of changes in their business,
consolidations or divestitures or for other reasons. In particular, certain of our customers have from time to time entered into manufacturing divestiture transactions with other EMS companies, and
such transactions could adversely affect our revenues with these customers. We cannot assure you that present or future large customers will not terminate their manufacturing arrangements with us or
significantly change, reduce or delay the amount of manufacturing services ordered from us, any of which would adversely affect our operating results. 

Consolidation in the electronics industry may adversely affect our business. 

        Consolidation in the electronics industry among our customers, our potential customers and/or our competitors may increase as companies combine to achieve further
economies of scale and other
synergies. Consolidation in the electronics industry could result in an increasing number of very large electronics companies offering products in multiple sectors of the electronics industry. The
significant purchasing and market power of these large companies could increase competitive pressures for us. In addition, if one of our customers is acquired by another company that does not rely on
us to provide EMS services and has its own production facilities or relies on another provider of similar services, we may lose that customer's business. Consolidation in the electronics industry may
also result in excess manufacturing capacity among EMS companies if consolidated electronics companies seek to reduce excess manufacturing capacity by divesting manufacturing operations to third party
EMS companies. 

Restructuring of our opertions may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

        We have incurred expenses related to restructuring of our operations in the past, and we anticipate incurring additional restructuring expenses in fiscal 2008.
For example, since November 2006, we have begun to focus on joint development manufacturing rather than original design manufacturing to better assist our OEM customers in developing and
introducing new products to the market that are more closely aligned to the needs of their customers. In addition, we have moved, and we intend to continue moving, our operations from
higher-cost to lower-cost locations to increase profitability. We have incurred unanticipated costs related to the transfer of operations to lower-cost locations,
including costs related to integrating new facilities, managing operations in dispersed locations and realigning our business processes. We also have incurred costs related to workforce reductions,
work stoppages and labor unrest resulting from the closure of our facilities in higher cost locations, and we may incur similar costs in the future. We expect to record additional charges related to
these actions during fiscal 2008 and beyond, but we cannot be certain as to the actual amount of the charges or the timing of their recognition for financial reporting purposes. We may need to take
additional restructuring charges in the future if our business declines or improves at a slower pace than we anticipate or if the expected benefits of recently completed and currently planned
restructuring activities do not materialize. 

Adverse changes in the key end markets we target could harm our business. 

        We provide EMS services for companies that sell products in the communications, computing and storage, multimedia, industrial and semiconductor systems, defense
and aerospace, medical and automotive sectors of the electronics industry. Adverse changes in these markets can reduce demand for our customers' products and make these customers more sensitive to the
cost of our EMS services, either of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Factors affecting any of 

53

our
customers' industries in general, or our customers in particular, could seriously harm our business. These factors include: 

•

short
product life cycles due to rapid changes in technology or evolving industry standards and requirements for continuous improvement in products and services;

•

seasonal
demand for our customers' products;

•

the
failure of our customers' products to gain widespread commercial acceptance;

•

dramatic
shifts in demand for our customers' products may cause our customers to exit certain lines of business; and

•

recessionary
periods in our customers' markets. 

        Future
developments in end markets we serve, particularly in those markets which account for more significant portions of our revenues, could harm our business and our results of
operations. 

An adverse change in the interest rates for our borrowings could adversely affect our financial condition. 

        Interest to be paid by us under the notes or on any borrowings under any of our credit facilities and other long-term debt obligations will or may be
at interest rates that fluctuate based upon changes in various base interest rates. Recently, interest rates have trended upwards in major global financial markets. These interest rate trends have
resulted in increases in the base rates upon which our interest rates are determined. Continued increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows, particularly if such increases are substantial. In addition, interest rate trends could affect global economic conditions. 

Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws could adversely affect our business. 

        We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, storage, discharge and disposal
of hazardous substances and wastes in the ordinary course of our manufacturing operations. We also are subject to laws and regulations governing the recyclability of products, the materials that may
be included in products, and the obligations of a manufacturer to dispose of these products after end users have finished using them. If we violate environmental laws, we may be held liable for
damages and the costs of remedial actions and we may be subject to revocation of permits necessary to conduct our businesses. We cannot assure you that we will not violate environmental laws and
regulations in the future as a result of human error, equipment failure, our inability to obtain permits or other causes. Any permit revocations could require us to cease or limit production at one or
more of our facilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Although we estimate our potential liability with respect to violations or alleged
violations and reserve for such liability, we cannot assure you that any accruals will be sufficient to cover the actual costs that we incur as a result of these violations or alleged violations. Our
failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could limit our ability to expand facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses
to comply with these laws and regulations. 

        Over
the years, environmental laws have become, and in the future may continue to become, more stringent, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated
with violations. We operate in several environmentally sensitive locations and are subject to potentially conflicting and changing regulatory agendas of political, business and environmental groups.
Changes in or restrictions on discharge limits, emissions levels, permitting requirements and material storage or handling could require a higher than anticipated level of operating expenses and
capital investment or, depending on the severity of the impact of the foregoing factors, costly plant relocation. 

54

        In
addition, the electronics industry became subject to the European Union's Restrictions of Hazardous Substances, or RoHS, and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or WEEE,
directives which took effect beginning in 2005. Parallel initiatives are being proposed in other jurisdictions, including several states in the United States and the People's Republic of China. RoHS
prohibits the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products and WEEE requires industry OEMs to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and
management of waste electronic products and components. While we believe we have implemented procedures to make our manufacturing process RoHS compliant, non-compliance could result in
significant costs and/or penalties. In the case of WEEE, the compliance responsibility rests primarily with OEMs rather than with EMS companies. However, OEMs may turn to EMS companies
for assistance in meeting their WEEE obligations. 

We are potentially liable for contamination of our current and former facilities, including those of the companies we have acquired, which could
adversely affect our business and operating results in the future. 

        We are potentially liable for contamination at our current and former facilities, including those of the companies we have acquired. These liabilities include
ongoing investigation and remediation activities at a number of sites. Currently, we are unable to anticipate whether any third-party claims will be brought against us for this contamination. We
cannot assure you that third-party claims will not arise and will not result in material liability to us. In addition, there are several sites that are known to have groundwater contamination caused
by a third party, and that third party has provided an indemnity to us for the liability. Although we do not currently expect to incur liability for clean-up costs or expenses at any of
these sites, we cannot assure you that we will not incur such liability or that any such liability would not be material to our business and operating results in the future. 

Availability of Credit Facilities, including our A/R Sales Program 

        As of September 29, 2007, we had approximately $1.6 billion of debt outstanding under various credit arrangements. In addition, we have a revolving
credit facility of $500 million that we use from time-to-time to fund working capital requirements on an as-needed basis. There were no borrowings
outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of September 29, 2007. We also sold approximately $1.8 billion of accounts receivable during 2007 to help fund our working capital
requirements. Our credit agreements contain financial and other covenants with which we must comply. If we are not in compliance, debt outstanding (if any) under our revolving credit facility
could become immediately payable and the incurrence of additional debt would not be allowed. If we are not in compliance with our debt covenants and are unable to cure such violations or obtain
waivers from our lenders, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Our key personnel are critical to our business, and we cannot assure you that they will remain with us. 

        Our success depends upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key personnel. Generally, these employees are not bound by employment or
non-competition agreements. We cannot assure you that we will retain our officers and key employees, particularly our highly skilled design, process and test engineers involved in the
manufacture of existing products and development of new products and processes. The competition for these employees is intense. In addition, if one or more of our executive officers or key employees
were to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us or otherwise be unavailable to us, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

55

Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or in our assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets or exposure to additional income tax
liabilities could affect our operating results and financial condition. 

        We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide
provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be
adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws as well as
other factors. Our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Although we believe that our
tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions which could affect our operating
results. 

Foreign Tax Jurisdictions 

        Our operations in certain foreign locations receive favorable income tax treatment in the form of tax holidays or other incentives. In the event that such tax
holidays or other incentives are not extended, are repealed, or we no longer qualify for such programs, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

        Additionally,
certain foreign jurisdictions restrict the amount of cash that can be transferred to the United States or impose taxes and penalties on such transfers of cash. To
the extent we have excess cash
in foreign locations that could be used in, or is needed by, our U.S. operations, we may incur significant penalties and/or taxes to repatriate these funds. 

We are subject to risks arising from our international operations. 

        We conduct our international operations primarily in Asia, Latin America, Canada and Europe, and we continue to consider additional opportunities to make foreign
acquisitions and construct new foreign facilities. We generated 75.9% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations during fiscal 2007, and a significant portion of our manufacturing
material was provided by international suppliers during this period. During fiscal 2006, we generated 75.1% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations. As a result of our
international operations, we are affected by economic and political conditions in foreign countries, including: 

•

the
imposition of government controls;

•

export
license requirements;

•

political
and economic instability, including armed conflicts;

•

trade
restrictions;

•

changes
in tariffs;

•

labor
unrest and difficulties in staffing;

•

inflexible
employee contracts in the event of business downturns;

•

coordinating
communications among and managing international operations;

•

fluctuations
in currency exchange rates;

•

currency
controls 

56

•

increases
in duty and/or income tax rates;

•

earnings
repatriation restrictions;

•

difficulties
in obtaining export licenses;

•

misappropriation
of intellectual property; and

•

constraints
on our ability to maintain or increase prices. 

        To
respond to competitive pressures and customer requirements, we may further expand internationally in lower cost locations, particularly in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. In
fiscal 2007, we announced our intention to establish a manufacturing operation in India. As we pursue continued expansion in these locations, we may incur additional capital expenditures. In addition,
the cost structure in certain countries that are now viewed as low-cost may increase as economies develop or as such countries join multinational economic communities or organizations. For
example, Hungary, in which we have operations, is in the process of joining the European Union, and it is possible that costs in Hungary could therefore increase. As a result, we may need to continue
to seek out new locations with lower costs and the employee and infrastructure base to support electronics manufacturing. We cannot assure you that we will realize the anticipated strategic benefits
of our international operations or that our international operations will contribute positively to, and not adversely affect, our business and operating results. 

We are subject to risks of currency fluctuations and related hedging operations. 

        A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the
U.S. dollar will affect our cost of sales, operating margins and revenues. For example, we incurred foreign exchange losses due to the decline in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared
to the Euro and many other currencies during fiscal 2005, fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2007. To date, these losses have not been material to our results of operations. However, we cannot predict the impact
of future exchange rate fluctuations and continued fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to the Euro and other currencies in which we transact business could adversely affect
our operating results. 

        In
addition, certain of our subsidiaries that have non-U.S. dollar functional currencies transact business in U.S. dollars. We use financial instruments,
primarily short-term foreign currency forward contracts, to hedge U.S. dollar and other currency commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and fixed
purchase obligations. If these hedging activities are not successful or we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations
in exchange rates. 

We may not be successful in implementing strategic transactions, including business acquisition and divestitures, and we may encounter difficulties in
completing these transactions and integrating acquired businesses or in realizing anticipated benefits of strategic transactions, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

        We seek to undertake strategic transactions that give us the opportunity to access new customers and new end-customer markets, to obtain new
manufacturing and service capabilities and technologies, to enter new geographic manufacturing locations, to lower our manufacturing costs and improve the margins on our product mix, and to further
develop existing customer relationships. Strategic transactions may involve difficulties, including the following: 

•

integrating
acquired operations and businesses;

•

allocating
management resources; 

57

•

scaling
up production and coordinating management of operations at new sites;

•

separating
operations or support infrastructure for entities divested;

•

managing
and integrating operations in geographically dispersed locations;

•

maintaining
customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations and terminating unfavorable relationships;

•

integrating
the acquired company's systems into our management information systems;

•

separating
management information systems for entities to be divested;

•

addressing
unforeseen liabilities of acquired businesses;

•

operating
in the geographic market or industry sector of the business acquired in which we have little or no experience;

•

improving
and expanding our management information systems to accommodate expanded operations; and

•

losing
key employees of acquired operations. 

        Any
of these factors could prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of a strategic transaction, and our failure to realize these benefits could adversely affect our business
and operating results. We may not be successful in identifying future strategic opportunities or in consummating any strategic transactions that we pursue on favorable terms, if at all. Although our
goal is to improve our business and maximize stockholder value, any transactions that we complete may impair stockholder or debtholder value or otherwise adversely affect our business and the market
price of our stock. Moreover, any such transaction may require us to incur related charges, and may pose significant integration challenges and/or management and business disruptions, any of which
could harm our operating results and business. 

We have recorded goodwill impairment losses in the past and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to record additional goodwill
impairment or long-lived asset impairment charges in the future. 

        During the quarters ended September 29, 2007, September 30, 2006 and April 2, 2005 we recorded goodwill impairment losses of
$1.1 billion, $3.8 million and $600.0 million, respectively. Declines in sales in our business along with a decrease in our expected future cash flows and a decline in the
Company's stock price led us to record the $1.1 billion goodwill impairment loss in fiscal 2007. Additionally, the factors that led us to record a write-off of our deferred tax
assets, which primarily related to U.S. operations, coupled with a decline in the market price of our common stock, led us to record the $600.0 million goodwill impairment loss in fiscal
2005. In particular, the shift of operations from U.S. facilities and other facilities in high cost locations to facilities in lower-cost locations has resulted in restructuring
charges and a decline in sales with respect to our U.S. operations. In the event that the results of operations do not stabilize or improve, or the market price of our common stock declines
further or does not rise, we could be required to record additional goodwill impairment or other long-lived asset impairment charges during fiscal 2008 or in future periods. Although these
goodwill impairment charges are of a non-cash nature, they do adversely affect our results of operations in the periods in which such charges are recorded. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or infringe, or are alleged to infringe, upon intellectual property of others, our operating
results may be adversely affected. 

        We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We
cannot be certain that the steps we have taken 

58

will
prevent unauthorized use of our technology. Our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could diminish or eliminate the competitive advantages that we derive from our proprietary
technology. 

        We
may become involved in litigation in the future to protect our intellectual property or because others may allege that we infringe on their intellectual property. These claims and any
resulting lawsuits could subject us to significant liability for damages and invalidate our proprietary rights. In addition, these lawsuits, regardless of their merits, likely would be time consuming
and expensive to resolve and would divert management's time and attention. Any potential intellectual property litigation alleging our infringement of a third-party's intellectual property also could
force us or our customers to: 

•

stop
producing products that use the challenged intellectual property;

•

obtain
from the owner of the infringed intellectual property a license to sell the relevant technology at an additional cost, which license may not be available on
reasonable terms, or at all; and

•

redesign
those products or services that use the infringed technology. 

        Any
costs we incur from having to take any of these actions could be substantial. 

We and the customers we serve are vulnerable to technological changes in the electronics industry. 

        Our customers are primarily OEMs in the communications, high-end computing, personal computing, aerospace and defense, medical, industrial
controls and multimedia sectors. These industry sectors, and the electronics industry as a whole, are subject to rapid technological change and product obsolescence. If our customers are unable to
develop products that keep pace with the changing technological environment, our customers' products could become obsolete and the demand for our services could decline significantly. In addition, our
customers may discontinue or modify products containing components that we manufacture or develop products requiring new manufacturing processes. If we are unable to offer technologically advanced,
easily adaptable and cost effective manufacturing services in response to changing customer requirements, demand for our services will decline. If our customers terminate their purchase orders with us
or do not select us to manufacture their new products, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We may experience component shortages, which could cause us to delay shipments to customers and reduce our revenue and operating results. 

        We are dependent on certain suppliers, including limited and sole source suppliers, to provide key components we incorporate into our products. We have
experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in component deliveries, which in turn could cause delays in product shipments and require the redesign of certain products. In addition, if we are
unable to procure necessary components under favorable purchase terms, including at favorable prices and with the order lead-times needed for the efficient and profitable operation of our
factories, our results of operations could suffer. In the past, we have experienced shortages of application-specific integrated circuits, capacitors and connectors as well as other components. We may
experience component shortages from time to time in the future. Unanticipated component shortages have prevented us from making scheduled shipments to customers in the past and may do so in the
future. Our inability to make scheduled shipments could cause us to experience a shortfall in revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our relationship with the affected customer and our
reputation generally as a reliable service provider. Component shortages may also increase our cost of goods sold because we may be required to pay higher prices for components in short supply and
redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate substitute components. In addition, we may purchase components in advance of our requirements for those components as a result of a threatened or
anticipated shortage. In this event, we will incur additional inventory carrying costs, for which we may not be compensated, and have a heightened risk of exposure 

59

to
inventory obsolescence. As a result, component shortages could adversely affect our operating results for a particular period due to the resulting revenue shortfall and increased manufacturing or
component costs. 

If we manufacture or design defective products, or if our manufacturing processes do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements,
demand for our services may decline and we may be subject to liability claims. 

        We manufacture products to our customers' specifications, and in some cases our manufacturing processes and facilities may need to comply with applicable
statutory and regulatory requirements. For example, medical devices that we manufacture, as well as the facilities and manufacturing processes that we use to produce them, are regulated by the Food
and Drug Administration. In addition, our customers' products and the manufacturing processes that we use to produce them often are highly complex. As a result, products that we manufacture or design
may at times contain design or manufacturing defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or may not be in compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.
Defects in the products we manufacture or design may result in delayed shipments to customers or reduced or cancelled customer orders. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business
reputation may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or design or of our manufacturing processes and facilities to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory
requirements may subject us to legal fines
or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing program or facility. In addition, these defects may result in liability claims against
us. The magnitude of such claims may increase as we expand our medical, automotive, and aerospace and defense manufacturing services because defects in medical devices, automotive components and
aerospace and defense systems could seriously harm users of these products. Even if our customers are responsible for the defects, they may not, or may not have the resources to assume responsibility
for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects. 

Although the internal investigation of our historical stock option practices is complete, the private litigation and government investigations resulting
therefrom remain pending. 

        We completed an investigation of our accounting for stock options in October 2006. Based on the results of this investigation on January 3, 2007, we
filed a comprehensive Form 10-K for fiscal 2006 which restated our consolidated financial statements for prior years. As a result of this activity, we have become subject to the
following significant risks. Each of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 

•

we
are subject to significant pending civil litigation, including derivative claims made on behalf of us, the defense of which will require us to devote significant
management attention and to incur significant legal expense and which litigation, if decided against members of our management or board of directors, could require them to pay substantial judgments,
settlements or other penalties or could result in a termination of their services to us; and

•

we
are subject to an ongoing informal investigation by the SEC and other governmental agencies which could require significant management time and attention and cause us to
incur significant accounting and legal expense, the results of which could require us or members of our management or board of directors to pay substantial fines or other penalties or could result in
a termination of services to us by members of our management or board of directors 

If our products are subject to warranty or liability claims, we may incur significant costs. 

        Our customers may experience defects in our designs or deficiencies with respect to our manufacturing services. We may be exposed to warranty or manufacturers'
liability claims as a result of 

60

these
defects or deficiencies, and some claims may relate to customer product recalls. We also design products on a contract basis or jointly with our customers. The design services that we provide
can expose us to different or greater potential liabilities than those we face when providing our regular manufacturing services. For example, we have increased exposure to potential product liability
claims resulting from injuries caused by defects in products we design, as well as potential claims that products we design infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Such claims could subject
us to significant liability for damages and, regardless of their merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. We also may have greater potential exposure from warranty claims
and from product recalls due to problems caused by product design. A claim for damages arising from such defects or deficiencies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. A claim for such damages, or a product recall conducted by one of our customers, also could have an adverse effect on our business reputation. 

We may not have sufficient insurance coverage for certain of the risks and liabilities we assume in connection with the products and services we provide
to our customers. 

        We carry various forms of business and liability insurance that we believe are typical for companies in our industry. However, we may not have sufficient
insurance coverage for certain risks and liabilities we assume in connection with the products and services we provide to our customers, such as potential warranty, product liability and product
recall claims. Such liability claims may only be partially covered under our insurance policies. We continue to monitor the insurance marketplace to evaluate the need to obtain additional insurance
coverage in the future. Costs associated with potential claims and liabilities for which we do not have sufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. 

Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of
operations. Additionally, changes in securities laws and regulations have increased, and are likely to continue to increase, our operating costs. 

        We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. These principles are
subject to interpretation by the FASB, the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in those policies can have a significant effect
on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions which are completed before a change is announced. 

        Accounting
policies affecting many other aspects of our business, including rules relating to revenue recognition, off-balance sheet transactions, stock-based compensation,
restructurings, asset disposals and asset retirement obligations, intangible assets, derivative and other financial instruments and in-process research and development charges, have
recently been revised or are under review. Changes to those rules or the questioning of how we interpret or implement those rules may have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results
or on the way we conduct business. In addition, our preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of those assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the recorded amounts of expenses during the reporting period. A change in the
facts and circumstances surrounding those estimates could result in a change to our estimates and could impact our future operating results. 

        The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 required changes in our corporate governance, public disclosure and compliance practices. The number of rules and regulations applicable to us has
increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more difficult, such as by requiring stockholder approval of new option plans. These
developments could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, 

61

particularly
to serve on our audit committee, and qualified executive officers. In addition, in connection with our Section 404 certification process, we may identify from time to time
deficiencies in our internal controls. Any material weakness or deficiency in our internal controls over financial reporting could materially and negatively impact our reported financial results and
the market price of our stock could significantly decline. Additionally, adverse publicity related to the disclosure of a material weakness or deficiency in internal controls over financial reporting
could have a negative impact on our reputation, business and stock price. 

We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events. 

        We conduct a significant portion of our activities including manufacturing, administration and data processing at facilities located in the State of California
and other seismically active areas that have experienced major earthquakes in the past, as well as other natural disasters. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is
subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. In the event of a major earthquake or other
disaster affecting one or more of our facilities, it could significantly disrupt our operations, delay or prevent product manufacture and shipment for the time
required to transfer production, repair, rebuild or replace the affected manufacturing facilities. This time frame could be lengthy and result in significant expenses for repair and related costs. In
addition, concerns about terrorism or an outbreak of epidemic diseases could have a negative effect on travel and our business operations and result in adverse consequences on our business and results
of operations. 

Item 7A.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk 

        Our exposures to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to certain debt obligations. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments
in our investment portfolio. We invest in high quality credit issuers and, by policy, limit the amount of principal exposure with any one issuer. As stated in our policy, we seek to ensure the safety
and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default and market risk. 

        We
seek to mitigate default risk by investing in high quality credit securities and by positioning our investment portfolio to respond to a significant reduction in credit rating of any
investment issuer, guarantor or depository. We seek to mitigate market risk by limiting the principal and investment term of funds held with any one issuer and by investing funds in marketable
securities with active secondary or resale markets. As of September 29, 2007, we had short-term investments of $13.4 million related to assets held in the SCI deferred
compensation plan. 

        On
February 24, 2005, we issued 6.75% Notes with a principal balance of $400 million due in 2013. We also entered into interest rate swap agreements with four independent
swap counterparties to hedge our interest rate exposures related to the 6.75% Notes. The swap agreements, with an aggregate notional amount of $400 million that expires in 2013, effectively
convert the fixed interest rate obligation to a variable rate obligation and are accounted for as fair value hedges under SFAS No. 133 but are exempt from periodic assessment of hedge
effectiveness under Paragraph 68 of SFAS No. 133. Under the terms of the swap agreements, we pay the independent swap counterparties an interest rate equal to the six-month
LIBOR rate plus a spread ranging from 2.214% to 2.250%. In exchange, we receive a fixed rate of 6.75%. At September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, $11.9 million and
$17.1 million, respectively, have been recorded in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets to record the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements. The
differential paid or received on the interest rate swap is recognized in earnings as an adjustment to interest expense. Interest expense for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2007 and
September 30, 2006 increased by 

62

$4.3 million
and $0.8 million, respectively, and interest expense for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005 decreased by $3.1 million as a result of the difference between
the 6.75% fixed interest rate on the 6.75% Notes and the variable interest rates under the swap agreements which averaged 7.76%, 6.98% and 5.42% during the fiscal years ended September 29,
2007, September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005, respectively. 

        On
June 12, 2007, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Floating Rate Notes due in 2010 (the "2010 Notes") and the 2014 Notes. We also entered into
interest rate swap agreements with two independent swap counterparties to hedge our interest rate exposures related to our 2014 Notes. The swap agreements, with an aggregate notional amount of
$300 million that expires in 2014, effectively convert the variable interest rate obligation to a fixed rate obligation and are accounted for as cash flow hedges under
SFAS No. 133, subject to periodic assessment of effectiveness. Under the terms of the swap agreements, we pay the independent swap counterparties a fixed rate of 5.594%. In exchange, we
receive an interest rate equal to the three-month LIBOR. These swap agreements effectively fix the interest rate on our 2014 Notes at 8.344% through 2014. At September 29, 2007,
$11.4 million has been recorded in other long-term liabilities to record the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements, with a corresponding decrease to accumulated other
comprehensive income, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Over the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify approximately $1.9 million to interest expense. Amounts in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified when the hedged interest expense is realized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The ineffective portion of the hedges was immediately
recognized in other income (expense), net, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and was not material for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2007. 

        Since
our 6.75% Notes, 2010 Notes and revolving credit facility as of September 27, 2007 are floating rate debt instruments, an immediate 10% increase in interest rates at
September 29, 2007 would result in an increase in annual gross interest expense of approximately $6 million. Similarly, an immediate 10% reduction in interest rates would result in a
reduction in annual interest expense of approximately $6 million. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

        We transact business in foreign countries. Our primary foreign currency cash flows are in certain Asian and European countries, Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. We
enter into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to hedge currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. These contracts
typically have maturities of three months or less. Further, these contracts are not designated as part of a hedging relationship in accordance with SFAS No. 133. All outstanding foreign
currency forward contracts are marked-to-market at the end of the period with unrealized gains and losses included in other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. At September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to exchange various foreign currencies for
U.S. dollars in the aggregate notional amount of $279.5 million and $403.4 million, respectively. The net impact of an immediate 10% change in exchange rates would not be material
to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

        We
also utilize foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge certain operational ("cash flow") exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such
exposures result from portions of forecasted sales, cost of sales and expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These contracts typically are less than 12 months in
duration. Further, these contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges under SFAS No. 133, subject to periodic assessment of effectiveness. At September 29, 2007 and
September 30, 2006, we had forward and option contracts related to cash flow hedges in various foreign currencies in the aggregate notional amount of $30.0 million and
$10.1 million, respectively. 

63

Item 8.    

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

        The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the financial statements included in "Part IV—Item 15(a)(1)," the
financial statement schedule included in "Part IV—Item 15(a)(2)" and the selected quarterly financial data included in
"Part II—Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Quarterly Results (Unaudited)." 

Item 9.    

Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

        Not applicable. 

Item 9A.    

Controls and Procedures 

(a)

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

        Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2007. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in 
Internal
Control—Integrated Framework

, issued by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

(b)

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

        There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

(c)

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

        Based
on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) were effective as of
September 29, 2007 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding timely disclosure. 

(d)

Inherent Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

        Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Item 9B.    

Other Information 

        Refer to "Subsequent Event", Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

64

PART III 

        Information called for by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III are incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed in connection with its 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Regulation 14A, except that the information regarding the Company's executive officers called for by
Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K has been included in Part I of this report. 

65

PART IV 

Item 15.    

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)   1.    Financial Statements 

        The following financial statements are filed as part of this report: 

Page

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

73-74

Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets, As of September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006

75

Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years Ended September 29, 2007, September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005

76

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, Years Ended September 29, 2007, September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005

77

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, Years Ended September 29, 2007, September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005

78-79

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended September 29, 2007, September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005

80

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

81

2.     Financial Statement Schedule 

        The following financial statement schedule of Sanmina-SCI Corporation is filed as part of this report on Form 10-K and should be
read in conjunction with our Financial Statements included in this Item 15: 

Schedule II—Valuation
and Qualifying Accounts 

        All
other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 

3.     Exhibits 

        Refer to (b) below. 

Exhibit
Number

Description

3.1

(1)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated January 31, 1996.

3.1.1

(2)

Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 9, 2001.

3.1.2

(3)

Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant, dated May 31, 2001.

3.1.3

(4)

Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated December 7, 2001.

3.2

(33)

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated June 4, 2007.

4.2

(6)

Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2001 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo National Bank, Minnesota, N.A., including the form of Certificate of Determination, the form of Rights Certificate and the Summary of Rights
attached thereto as Exhibits A, B, and C.

66

4.2.3

(51)

Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of October 7, 2005, to the Subordinated Indenture, by and among SCI Systems, Inc., Sanmina-SCI USA, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.5

(8)

Subordinated Indenture dated March 15, 2000, between SCI Systems, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee ("Subordinated Indenture").

4.5.1

(9)

Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 15, 2000, to the Subordinated Indenture, between SCI Systems, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee.

4.5.2

(5)

Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of December 7, 2001, to the Subordinated Indenture, by and among SCI Systems, Inc., Sanmina Corporation, as Guarantor, and Bank One Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee.

4.7

(25)

Indenture, dated as of December 23, 2002, among the Registrant, the Guarantors Party thereto and State Street Bank and Trust Company California, N.A., as trustee.

4.7.1

(45)

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 21, 2003, among Newisys, Inc., the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.7.2

(52)

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2005, among Sanmina-SCI USA, Inc., the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.9

(27)

Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2002, by and among, as second lien collateral trustees, LaSalle Business Credit, Inc., as collateral agent, State Street Bank and Trust Company of California, N.A. and each New First Lien
Claimholder Representative which May become a party from time to time, and the Registrant.

4.10

(28)

Sanmina-SCI Corporation Second Lien Collateral Trust Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2002, by and among the Registrant, the subsidiaries of the Registrant party thereto and State Street Bank and Trust Company of California, N.A., as second
lien collateral trustee.

4.12

(36)

Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2004, among the Registrant, certain Subsidiaries of the Registrant from time to time party thereto, various Lenders party thereto, Banc of America Securities LLC, as Syndication Agent, Citibank,
N.A., as Collateral Agent, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as Administrative Agent.

4.12.1

(46)

Amendment No. 1 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2005, made by the Registrant, certain Subsidiaries of the Registrant, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as Administrative
Agent.

4.12.2

(38)

Amendment No. 2 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2005, made by the Registrant, certain Subsidiaries of the Registrant, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as Administrative
Agent.

4.13

(37)

Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2005, among the Registrant, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.13.1

(53)

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2005, among Sanmina-SCI USA, Inc., the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.13.2

(54)

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2007, among the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

67

4.14

(47)

Indenture, dated as of February 15, 2006, among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant as guarantors there under and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.14.1

(55)

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2007, among the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.

4.15

(50)

Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2005, among the Registrant, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative
Agent.

4.15.1

(56)

Amendment No.3 and Waiver to Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2006, among the Registrant, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

4.15.2

(57)

Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2007, by and among Registrant, each of the subsidiaries of Registrant party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent, and
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

4.16

(58)

Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2007, among Registrant, the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, relating to the Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2010.

4.17

(59)

Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2007, among Registrant, the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, relating to the Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2014.

10.2

(10)

Amended 1990 Incentive Stock Plan.

10.29

(12)

1999 Stock Plan.

10.29.1

(5)

Addendum to the 1999 Stock Plan (Additional Terms and Conditions for Employees of the French subsidiary(ies)), dated February 21, 2001.

10.30

(13)

1995 Director Option Plan.

10.31

(14)

1996 Supplemental Stock Plan.

10.32

(15)

Hadco Corporation 1998 Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated March 3, 1999.

10.33

(16)

Hadco Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as Amended and Restated July 1, 1998.

10.34

(17)

Hadco Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as Amended and Restated April 7, 1998.

10.35

(18)

SCI Systems, Inc. 1994 Stock Option Incentive Plan.

10.36

(19)

SCI Systems, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan.

10.37

(20)

SCI Systems, Inc. Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan.

10.42

(21)

Form of Indemnification Agreement executed by the Registrant and its officers and directors pursuant to the Delaware reincorporation.

10.49

(5)

Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors.

10.50

(5)

Rules of the Sanmina-SCI Corporation Stock Option Plan 2000 (Sweden).

68

10.50.1

(5)

Rules of the Sanmina-SCI Corporation Stock Option Plan 2000 (Finland).

10.51

(29)

Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.

10.53

(31)

2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

10.55

(34)

Committed Account Receivable Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2005, between Sanmina-SCI UK Limited and Citibank International Plc.

10.56

(35)

Committed Account Receivable Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2005, between Sanmina-SCI Magyarorszag Elektronikai Gyarto Kft and Citibank International Plc.

10.57

(48)

Revolving Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2005, among Sanmina-SCI Magyarorszag Elektronikai Gyarto Kft, Sanmina-SCI Systems de Mexico S.A. de C.V., as Originators, the Registrant and Sanmina-SCI UK Ltd., as Servicers,
the banks and financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and Deutsche Bank AG New York, as Administrative Agent.

10.58

(49)

Randy Furr separation agreement.

10.59

Revolving Trade Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2007, among Sanmina-SCI Magyarorszag Elekronikai Gyarto Kft and Sanmina-SCI Systems de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., as Originators, the Registrant, Sanmina-SCI UK Ltd., and
Sanmina-SCI Israel Medical Ltd., as Servicers, the banks and financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and Deutsche Bank AG New York, as Administrative Agent.

10.60

Employment Agreement dated as of August 28, 2007 by and between the Registrant and Joseph Bronson.

10.61

Employment Agreement dated as of June 15, 2007 by and between the Registrant and Walter Hussey.

10.62

Employment Agreement dated as of March 2, 2007 by and between the Registrant and Michael Tyler.

14.1

(32)

Sanmina-SCI Corporation Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

21.1

Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.1

Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.

31.1

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

31.2

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

32.1

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).

32.2

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).

(1)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996, SEC File
No. 000-21272, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on December 24, 1996. 

69

(2)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001, filed with
the SEC on May 11, 2001.

(3)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, filed with the SEC on
December 21, 2001.

(4)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2001.

(5)

Incorporated
by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2002, filed on December 4, 2002.

(6)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 25, 2001.

(7)

Intentionally
Omitted.

(8)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to SCI Systems, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B, SEC File No. 001-12821,
filed with the SEC on March 9, 2000.

(9)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to SCI Systems, Inc.'s Report on Form 8-K, SEC File No. 001-12821, filed with the SEC on
April 5, 2000.

(10)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K, SEC File No. 000-21272, filed with the SEC on
December 29, 1994.

(11)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1, SEC File No. 33-70700, filed with the
SEC on February 19, 1993.

(12)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Report on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on May 25, 1999.

(13)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, SEC File No. 333-23565, filed with the
SEC on March 19, 1997.

(14)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, SEC File No. 333-23565, filed with the
SEC on March 19, 1997.

(15)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2000.

(16)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2000.

(17)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2000.

(18)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2001.

(19)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2001.

(20)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2001.

(21)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1, SEC File No. 33-70700, filed with the
SEC on February 19, 1993.

(22)

Intentionally
Omitted. 

70

(23)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2001.

(24)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2002.

(25)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2002, filed
February 11, 2003.

(26)

Intentionally
Omitted.

(27)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2002, filed
February 11, 2003.

(28)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2002, filed
February 11, 2003.

(29)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2002, filed
February 11, 2003.

(30)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2002, filed
February 11, 2003.

(31)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2003.

(32)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2003, filed
December 9, 2003.

(33)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2007, filed
August 6, 2007.

(34)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2005, filed on
May 12, 2005.

(35)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2005, filed on
May 12, 2005.

(36)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2004, filed
December 29, 2004.

(37)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2005.

(38)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2005.

(39)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2005.

(40)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2006.

(41)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 99.2 and 99.3 the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2006.

(42)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2006, filed with the
SEC on May 11, 2001.

(43)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2006, filed with the
SEC on May 11, 2001. 

71

(44)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2006, filed with the
SEC on May 11, 2001.

(45)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.7.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(46)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.12.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(47)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2006.

(48)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(49)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(50)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2005.

(51)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.2.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(52)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.7.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(53)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.13.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005, filed
December 29, 2005.

(54)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.13.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, filed
January 3, 2007.

(55)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.14.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, filed
January 3, 2007.

(56)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.15.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, filed
January 3, 2007.

(57)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2007.

(58)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2007.

(59)

Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2007. 

72

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders
Sanmina-SCI Corporation: 

        We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanmina-SCI Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 29, 2007 and
September 30, 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year
period ended September 29, 2007. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited financial statement schedule II as set forth under
Item 15. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

        We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

        In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sanmina-SCI Corporation and
subsidiaries as of September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period
ended September 29, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to
the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

        As
discussed in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for its pension plans and other postretirement benefits upon
adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 158, 
Employers' Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans—an
amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132R

, in fiscal 2007. As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted
Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, 
Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
Financial Statements

, in fiscal 2007. Also as discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for stock-based
compensation upon adoption of SFAS No. 123R, 
Share-Based Payment

, at the beginning of fiscal 2006. 

        We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
September 29, 2007, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated November 28, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. 

/s/  
KPMG LLP

Mountain View, California

November 28, 2007

73

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders
Sanmina-SCI Corporation: 

        We
have audited Sanmina-SCI Corporation and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2007, based on criteria
established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying 
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

 appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

        We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

        A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

        Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

        In
our opinion, Sanmina-SCI Corporation and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 29,
2007, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. 

        We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Sanmina-SCI
Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended September 29, 2007, and our report dated November 28, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements. 

/s/  
KPMG LLP

Mountain View, California

November 28, 2007

74

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of

September 29,
2007

September 30, 2006

(In thousands, except par value) 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

933,424

$

491,829

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $4,044 and $8,971 in 2007 and 2006, respectively

1,218,375

1,526,373

Inventories

1,059,856

1,318,400

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

203,802

154,401

Total current assets

3,415,457

3,491,003

Property, plant and equipment, net

609,394

620,132

Other intangible assets, net

22,218

29,802

Goodwill

510,669

1,613,230

Other non-current assets

112,217

108,263

Total assets

$

4,669,955

$

5,862,430

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

1,450,705

$

1,494,603

Accrued liabilities

203,941

223,398

Accrued payroll and related benefits

142,436

156,248

Current portion of long-term debt

—

100,000

Total current liabilities

1,797,082

1,974,249

Long-term liabilities:

Long-term debt, net of current portion

1,588,072

1,507,112

Other

111,654

110,506

Total long-term liabilities

1,699,726

1,617,618

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)

Stockholders' equity:

Preferred stock, $.01 par value, authorized 5,000 shares, none issued and outstanding

—

—

Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 1,000,000 shares, 548,763 and 551,780 shares issued, respectively, and 529,964 and 532,905 shares outstanding, respectively

5,488

5,519

Treasury stock, 18,799 and 18,875 shares, respectively, at cost

(185,541

)

(186,361

)

Additional paid-in capital

5,977,991

5,952,857

Accumulated other comprehensive income

61,060

42,608

Accumulated deficit

(4,685,851

)

(3,544,060

)

Total stockholders' equity

1,173,147

2,270,563

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity

$

4,669,955

$

5,862,430

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

75

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended

September 29,
2007

September 30,
2006

October 1,
2005

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net sales

$

10,384,254

$

10,955,421

$

11,734,674

Cost of sales

9,831,041

10,333,685

11,104,492

Gross profit

553,213

621,736

630,182

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

374,181

364,854

364,026

Restructuring costs

44,602

132,230

116,245

Research and development

30,085

40,181

30,986

Impairment of goodwill, tangible and other intangible assets

1,099,650

19,000

600,000

Amortization of intangible assets

6,632

9,554

8,685

In-process research and development

—

2,600

—

Total operating expenses

1,555,150

568,419

1,119,942

Operating income (loss)

(1,001,937

)

53,317

(489,760

)

Interest income

28,766

19,434

22,536

Interest expense

(168,291

)

(121,813

)

(147,342

)

Loss on extinguishment of debt

(3,175

)

(84,600

)

(3,059

)

Other income (expense), net

23,734

(16,491

)

(22,200

)

Interest and other expense, net

(118,966

)

(203,470

)

(150,065

)

Loss before income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting changes

(1,120,903

)

(150,153

)

(639,825

)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

13,754

(5,766

)

394,121

Loss before cumulative effect of accounting changes

(1,134,657

)

(144,387

)

(1,033,946

)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax

—

2,830

—

Net loss

$

(1,134,657

)

$

(141,557

)

$

(1,033,946

)

Basic and diluted loss per share:

Loss before cumulative effect of accounting changes

$

(2.15

)

$

(0.27

)

$

(1.99

)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes

—

—

—

Basic and diluted loss per share

$

(2.15

)

$

(0.27

)

$

(1.99

)

Weighted-average shares used in computing per share amounts:

Basic

527,117

525,967

520,574

Diluted

527,117

525,967

520,574

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

76

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year Ended

September 29,
2007

September 30,
2006

October 1,
2005

(In thousands) 

Net loss

$

(1,134,657

)

$

(141,557

)

$

(1,033,946

)

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments, net of tax

(11,376

)

(240

)

201

Foreign currency translation adjustments

26,798

933

7,821

Changes in unrecognized net actuarial loss and unrecognized transition costs, net of tax

3,030

—

—

Changes in minimum pension liability, net of tax

—

5,029

(3,826

)

Comprehensive loss

$

(1,116,205

)

$

(135,835

)

$

(1,029,750

)

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

77

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Common Stock and
Additional Paid

in Capital

Treasury Stock

Accumulated
Other

Comprehensive

Income

Number of
Shares

Amount

Deferred
Stock-based

Compensation

Number of
Shares

Amount

Accumulated
Deficit

Total

(in thousands) 

BALANCE AT OCTOBER 2, 2004

541,305

$

5,964,369

$

(78,902

)

(18,827

)

$

(188,607

)

$

32,690

$

(2,368,557

)

$

3,360,993

Exercise of common stock options

1,341

4,736

—

—

—

—

—

4,736

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan

2,976

12,032

—

—

—

—

—

12,032

Issuance of restricted stock and options net of cancellations

68

(15,933

)

15,933

—

—

—

—

—

Segerstrom 6% shares settlement

—

(70

)

—

—

—

—

—

(70

)

Cumulative translation adjustment

—

—

—

—

—

7,821

—

7,821

Unrealized gain on investments and derivative financial instruments, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

201

—

201

Change in minimum pension liability in excess of plan assets, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

(3,826

)

—

(3,826

)

Income tax benefit of disqualified dispositions

—

(528

)

—

—

—

—

—

(528

)

Stock-based compensation

—

230

36,080

—

—

—

—

36,310

Repurchase of treasury stock

—

—

—

(26

)

88

—

—

88

Net loss

—

—

—

—

—

—

(1,033,946

)

(1,033,946

)

BALANCE AT OCTOBER 1, 2005

545,690

$

5,964,836

$

(26,889

)

(18,853

)

$

(188,519

)

$

36,886

$

(3,402,503

)

$

2,383,811

Exercise of common stock options

2,347

7,622

—

—

—

—

—

7,622

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan

1,500

5,226

—

—

—

—

—

5,226

Issuance of restricted stock and options net of cancellations

2,243

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Adoption of SFAS No. 123R

—

(26,889

)

26,889

—

—

—

—

—

Cumulative translation adjustment

—

—

—

—

—

933

—

933

Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

(240

)

—

(240

)

Change in minimum pension liability in excess of plan assets, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

5,029

—

5,029

Stock-based compensation

—

7,581

—

—

—

—

—

7,581

78

Repurchase of treasury stock

—

—

—

(22

)

2,158

—

—

2,158

Net loss

—

—

—

—

—

—

(141,557

)

(141,557

)

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2006

551,780

$

5,958,376

$

—

(18,875

)

$

(186,361

)

$

42,608

$

(3,544,060

)

$

2,270,563

Cumulative effect of SAB No. 108 adjustment

—

7,134

—

—

—

—

(7,134

)

—

Exercise of common stock options

1

3

—

—

—

—

—

3

Cancellation of restricted stock and options net of issuance

(3,018

)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Cumulative translation adjustment

—

—

—

—

—

26,798

—

26,798

Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

(11,376

)

—

(11,376

)

Changes in unrecognized net actuarial loss and unrecognized transition costs, net of tax

—

—

—

—

—

3,030

—

3,030

Stock-based compensation, net of tax adjustments

—

17,479

—

—

—

—

—

17,479

Disposition of treasury stock

—

487

—

76

820

—

—

1,307

Net loss

—

—

—

—

—

—

(1,134,657

)

(1,134,657

)

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 29, 2007

548,763

$

5,983,479

$

—

(18,799

)

$

(185,541

)

$

61,060

$

(4,685,851

)

$

1,173,147

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

79

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended

September 29,
2007

September 30,
2006

October 1,
2005

(In thousands) 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

$

(1,134,657

)

$

(141,557

)

$

(1,033,946

)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

117,194

138,597

178,324

In-process research and development

—

2,600

—

Restructuring (recovery of) non-cash costs

(4,177

)

24,028

9,022

Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts

1,709

(2,543

)

(5,410

)

Stock-based compensation expense

17,479

13,276

36,310

Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net, and business

(18,997

)

(617

)

61

Loss on extinguishment of debt

3,175

84,600

3,059

Loss on termination of interest rate swap

—

5,464

22,102

Write-off deferred financing costs in connection with redemption of debt

—

—

5,359

Impairment of assets

—

15,213

—

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net

—

(2,830

)

—

Goodwill impairment

1,099,650

3,787

600,000

Proceeds from sale of accounts receivable

1,830,236

1,508,483

407,705

Other, net

(659

)

1,190

1,103

Deferred income taxes

(3,633

)

7,949

349,221

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable

(1,519,832

)

(1,551,764

)

(194,612

)

Inventories

260,085

(283,885

)

57,889

Prepaid expenses and other assets

(65,046

)

(28,968

)

29,285

Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities

(96,593

)

(131,184

)

(51,479

)

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities

485,934

(338,161

)

413,993

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITES:

Purchases of short-term investments

(3,910

)

(19,841

)

(79,554

)

Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments

6,461

80,739

44,192

Purchases of long-term investments

(400

)

(1,823

)

(3,015

)

Proceeds from sale of long-term investments

1,329

—

—

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

(88,358

)

(139,195

)

(74,549

)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

50,231

42,461

40,112

Proceeds from sale of business

22,000

—

—

Cash paid for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired

(4,217

)

(44,651

)

(95,235

)

Cash used in investing activities

(16,864

)

(82,310

)

(168,049

)

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Change in restricted cash

—

22,460

(1,076

)

Repurchase of convertible notes

—

(543

)

(623,558

)

Repayments of long-term debt

(1,125,000

)

(750,929

)

(21,490

)

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs

1,181,409

587,123

403,307

Interest rate swap termination associated with debt extinguishment

—

(29,785

)

—

Redemption premium associated with debt extinguishment

—

(70,751

)

—

Payment of consent fees

—

(12,475

)

—

(Payments of) additions to notes and credit facilities, net

(100,184

)

97,993

(13,197

)

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

3

12,848

16,767

Cash used in financing activities

(43,772

)

(144,059

)

(239,247

)

Effect of exchange rate changes

16,297

(11,694

)

(8,091

)

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

441,595

(576,224

)

(1,394

)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

491,829

1,068,053

1,069,447

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

$

933,424

$

491,829

$

1,068,053

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the year

Interest

$

150,113

$

121,671

$

109,968

Income taxes (excludes refunds of $24.8 million, $34.9 million and $6.8 million in fiscal 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively)

$

47,106

$

61,981

$

20,826

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

80

SANMINA-SCI CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. Organization of Sanmina-SCI 

        Sanmina-SCI Corporation ("Sanmina-SCI," "we," "us," or the "Company") was incorporated in Delaware in 1989. We are a leading independent
global provider of customized, integrated electronics manufacturing services, or EMS. We provide these services to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, primarily in the communications, personal
and business computing, enterprise computing and storage, multimedia, industrial and semiconductor capital equipment, defense and aerospace, medical and automotive industries. Our services consist
primarily of product design and engineering, including initial development, detailed design, preproduction services and manufacturing design, volume manufacturing of complete systems, components and
subassemblies, final system assembly and test, direct order fulfillment and logistic services and after-market product service and support. System components and subassemblies that we manufacture
include printed circuit boards, backplanes and backplane assemblies, enclosures, cable assemblies, precision machine components, optical modules and memory modules. 

Reclassifications 

        We have reclassified certain prior year balances to conform to the current year's presentation. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

        Fiscal Year.

    We operate on a 52 or 53 week year ending on the Saturday nearest September 30. Fiscal years 2007, 2006
and 2005 are each 52 weeks. All general references to years relate to fiscal years unless otherwise noted. 

        Principles of Consolidation.

    The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

        Foreign Currency Translation.

    For foreign subsidiaries using the local currency as their functional currency, assets and
liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates. The effects of these translation adjustments are
reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity, net of tax. For foreign subsidiaries using the US Dollar as their functional currency, remeasurement adjustments for
non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities are included in other expense, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally, remeasurement
gains/losses with respect to long-term intercompany loans denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are charged or credited to other comprehensive income (loss) if
repayment of the loan is not anticipated in the foreseeable future. 

        Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.

    We conduct business on a global basis in several currencies. As such, we are
exposed to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We use various derivatives, such as foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency option contracts, to minimize the
volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

        We
are also exposed to adverse movements in interest rates on our existing debt obligations. We use interest rate swaps to minimize volatility in earnings and cash flows associated with
changes in interest rates. 

        We
account for derivative instruments and hedging activities in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," as amended by SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and 

81

Hedging
Activities—an Amendment of SFAS 133" and SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." In accordance with these
standards, every derivative instrument is recorded in the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective
portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in stockholders' equity as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income and is recognized in the statement of
operations when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the derivative is designated as a
fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item related to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period. 

        Derivative
instruments are entered into for periods of time consistent with the related underlying exposures and are not entered into for speculative purposes. The Company documents all
relationships between derivative instruments and related hedged items, as well as its risk-management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedging transactions. All derivative
instruments are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values in accordance with SFAS No. 133 as amended. 

        Hedging of Forecasted Foreign Currency Transactions.

    The Company utilizes foreign currency forward and option contracts to
hedge certain operational ("cash flow") exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such exposures result from portions of forecasted sales, cost of sales and expenses
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These contracts are typically less than 12 months in duration and are accounted for as cash flow hedges under SFAS No. 133,
subject to periodic assessment of effectiveness. At September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, the Company had outstanding forward and option contracts related to cash flow hedges in
various foreign currencies in the aggregate notional amount of $30.0 million and $10.1 million, respectively. The ineffective portion of these foreign exchange contracts was not material
to the results of operations for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

        Hedging of Currency Exposures Associated with Certain Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies.

    The Company
also enters into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to hedge currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. These contracts
typically have maturities of three months or less and are not designated as part of a hedging relationship in accordance with SFAS No. 133. All outstanding foreign currency forward contracts
are marked to market at the end of the period with unrealized gains and losses included in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. At September 29, 2007 and
September 30, 2006, the Company had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to exchange various foreign currencies for U.S. dollars in the aggregate notional amount of
$279.5 million and $403.4 million, respectively. 

        Hedging of Interest Rate Exposures.

    On February 24, 2005, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with
four independent swap counterparties to hedge its interest rate exposures related to its $400 million 6.75% Senior Subordinated Notes due in 2013 (the "6.75% Notes")—refer to
Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The swap agreements, with an aggregate notional amount of $400 million and expire in 2013, effectively convert the fixed
interest rate obligation to a variable rate obligation and are accounted for as fair value hedges under SFAS No. 133 but are exempt from periodic assessment of hedge effectiveness under
Paragraph 68 of SFAS No. 133. Under 

82

the
terms of the swap agreements, the Company pays the independent swap counterparties an interest rate equal to the six-month LIBOR rate plus a spread ranging from 2.214% to 2.250%. In
exchange, the Company receives a fixed rate of 6.75%. At September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, $11.9 million and $17.1 million, respectively, have been recorded in
other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements. The differential paid or received on the interest rate swap is
recognized in earnings as an adjustment to interest expense. Interest expense for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006 increased by $4.3 million and
$0.8 million, respectively, and interest expense for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2005 decreased by $3.1 million as a result of the difference between the 6.75% fixed interest
rate on the 6.75% Notes and the variable interest rates under the swap agreements which averaged 7.76%, 6.98% and 5.42% during the fiscal years ended September 29, 2007, September 30,
2006 and October 1, 2005, respectively. 

        On
June 12, 2007, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with two independent swap counterparties to hedge its interest rate exposures related to its
$300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Floating Rate Notes due in 2014 (the "2014 Notes")—refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The
swap agreements, with an aggregate notional amount of $300 million that expires in 2014, effectively convert the variable interest rate obligation to a fixed rate obligation and are accounted
for as cash flow hedges under SFAS No.133, subject to periodic assessment of hedge effectiveness. Under the terms of the swap agreements, the Company pays the independent swap counterparties a fixed
rate of 5.594%. In exchange, the Company receives an interest rate equal to the three-month LIBOR. These swap agreements effectively fix the interest rate on the Company's 2014 Notes at 8.344% through
2014. At September 29, 2007, $11.4 million has been recorded in other long-term liabilities to record the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements, with a
corresponding decrease to accumulated other comprehensive income, net, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Over the next 12 months, the Company expects to reclassify approximately
$1.9 million to interest expense. Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified when the hedged interest expense is realized in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations. The ineffective portion of the hedges was immediately recognized in other income (expense), net, on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and was not material for the fiscal year ended
September 29, 2007. 

        The
Company's foreign exchange forward and option contracts and interest rate swaps expose the Company to credit risk to the extent the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of
the agreement. The Company minimizes such risk by limiting the Company's counterparties to major financial institutions. The Company does not expect material losses as a result of default by
counterparties. 

        Management Estimates and Uncertainties.

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates made in
preparing the consolidated financial statements relate to allowances for accounts receivable; provisions for inventories; warranties; restructuring costs; environmental matters; legal exposures;
determining the realizability of deferred tax assets; determining fair values of reporting units for purposes of goodwill impairment tests; determining fair value of tangible and intangible assets for 

83

purposes
of impairment tests and determining forfeiture rates, volatility and expected life assumptions for purposes of stock compensation expense calculations. Actual results could differ materially
from these estimates. 

        Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk.

    Financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, foreign
currency forward and option contracts, interest rate swap agreements, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short and long-term debt obligations. With the exception of certain of our
long-term debt obligations (refer to Note 3), the fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying amount as of September 29, 2007 and
September 30, 2006 due to the nature, or the short maturity, of these instruments. 

        Cash and Cash Equivalents.

    We consider all highly-liquid investments with a remaining maturity of three months or less at the
time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

        Cash
and cash equivalents consisted of the following: 

As of

September 29,
2007

September 30,
2006

(In thousands) 

Cash and bank balances

$

841,914

$

344,968

Money market funds

91,442

125,726

Other security funds

68

21,135

Total

$

933,424

$

491,829

        Short-Term Investments.

    The Company has a deferred compensation plan that allows employees to defer a portion of
their compensation. Participants were allowed to diversify in this plan and some have diversified. Accordingly, the Company accounts for assets held in the deferred compensation plan as trading
securities in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles. As of September 29, 2007, the Company had $13.4 million in short-term investments related
to the Company's deferred compensation plan for eligible employees. These short-term investments are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as prepaid expenses and other current
assets. 

        Long-Term Investments.

    The Company has investments in non-public companies which are carried at cost.
The Company monitors these investments for other-than-temporary impairment and records appropriate reductions in carrying value when necessary. As of September 29, 2007
and September 30, 2006, total long-term investments were $11.0 million and $11.3 million, respectively. Long-term investments are classified in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as non-current assets. 

        Accounts Receivable and Other Related Allowances.

    The Company estimates product returns and other adjustments related to
current period net sales to establish related allowances of $12.7 million and $11.2 million as of September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006, respectively. One of the
Company's most significant credit risks is the ultimate realization of its accounts receivable. This risk is mitigated by (i) ongoing credit evaluation of customers and (ii) frequent
contact with customers, especially the most significant customers, which enables the Company to monitor current changes in business operations and respond accordingly. To establish the allowance for
doubtful accounts, the Company regularly estimates the credit risk associated with accounts receivable by analyzing the creditworthiness of its customers, past experience, changes in customer demand,
and the overall 

84

economic
climate in industries that it serves. As of September 29, 2007 and September 30, 2006 allowance for doubtful accounts was $4.0 million and $9.0 million,
respectively. 

        Sales of Accounts Receivable.

    The Company accounts for sales of accounts receivable in accordance with SFAS No. 140
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liability" as amended by SFAS No. 156, "Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets an Amendment of FASB
Statement No. 140." When we sell receivables, we retain the servicing rights to the underlying accounts receivable. The fair value of the retained servicing rights is not material to the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

        Any
retained interest as a result of a sale is reclassified from accounts receivable to prepaid and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accounts receivable
balances that are sold are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the related proceeds are reported as cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

        Inventories.

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Cost
includes labor, material and manufacturing overhead. 

        When
required, provisions are made to reduce excess inventories to their estimated net realizable values. The ultimate realization of inventory carrying amounts is primarily affected by
our exposure to changes in customer demand for inventory. Inventory reserves are established based on forecasted demand, past experience with specific customers, the ability to redistribute inventory
to other programs or back to our suppliers, and the presence of contractual language obligating the customers to pay for the related inventory. Payments received from customers for excess inventory
that we hold are recorded as a reduction of inventory. 

        Property, Plant and Equipment, net.

    Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost or, in the case of property and
equipment acquired through business combinations accounted for as a purchase, initially at fair value based upon the allocated purchase price at the acquisition date. Depreciation and amortization are
provided on a straight-line basis over 20 to 40 years for buildings, five
to ten years for machinery and equipment and furniture and fixtures or, in the case of leasehold improvements, over the term of the related lease, if shorter. 

        We
review long-lived tangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be
recoverable in accordance with SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets". An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the
undiscounted future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. If an asset or asset group is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. We estimate fair value based on projected discounted future net cash flows using a discount rate reflecting our average cost of capital, or other
appropriate methods of determining fair value. 

        Restructured