.

 Set forth below are important risks and uncertainties that could
 have a material adverse effect on Symbol’s business,
 results of operations and financial condition and cause actual
 results to differ materially from those expressed in
 forward-looking statements made by Symbol or our management.

 Risks
 relating to SEC and United States Attorney’s Office
 investigations

 We
 recently settled separate investigations by the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the United States
 Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District (the
 “Eastern District”) relating to the accounting
 misconduct of our prior management. A violation of these
 settlement agreements could result in further prosecution by the
 SEC and the Eastern District.

 On June 3, 2004, we announced that the SEC and the Eastern
 District concluded separate investigations relating to certain
 of our prior accounting practices and the prior administration
 of certain of our stock option plans. These investigations arose
 in response to an inquiry from the SEC in 2001. As a result of
 the SEC inquiry, we conducted an initial internal investigation
 in May 2001, with the assistance of a law firm. We subsequently
 discovered that this investigation was hindered by certain of
 our former employees. As a result of the actions by these former
 employees, the SEC expressed dissatisfaction with the
 investigation. In March 2002, we undertook a second internal
 investigation that lasted approximately 18 months, with the
 assistance of a different law firm and an independent forensic
 accounting team. The results of that internal investigation gave
 rise to the restatement of our financial statements that
 affected our selected data for 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001, our
 financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2000
 and 2001 and our unaudited selected quarterly information for
 each of the four quarters in 2001 and the first three quarters
 of 2002.

 We have resolved the investigations by the SEC and the Eastern
 District and have entered into a settlement agreement with the
 SEC, in connection with which we were issued an injunction, and
 a non-prosecution agreement with the Eastern District. As
 previously disclosed in our filings with the SEC, we have
 engaged outside counsel to assist with the investigation of the
 events leading to the discrepancies discovered at our
 company-owned distribution facility in November 2004 and in
 responding to requests made by the Eastern District and the SEC
 regarding this matter, including whether we have complied with
 the injunction issued in connection with the June 2004
 settlement with the SEC and non-prosecution agreement with the
 Eastern District. In addition, we and two of our former officers
 have recently been named as defendants in the class action
 lawsuits alleging that we violated the federal securities laws
 by issuing statements concerning our prospects, financial
 results and financial controls that were allegedly false and
 misleading. There can be no assurance that these events will not
 give rise to an enforcement action or other proceeding brought
 by the Eastern District or the SEC. If we are found to have
 violated the injunction issued in connection with the June 2004
 settlement with the SEC or the non-prosecution agreement with
 the Eastern District or if we commit other violations, such as
 accounting offenses that were not the subject of the
 investigations, we have waived defenses that may have otherwise
 been available to us, including the statute of limitations, and
 will be subject to prosecution for any offense, including any
 offense that was the subject of the non-prosecution agreement.
 This could have a material adverse effect on us.

 Pending
 litigation relating to the accounting misconduct of our prior
 management could generate negative publicity for us. This could
 result in a decline in our stock price and cause you to lose
 part of your investment.

 In March and June 2003 and February 2005, Robert Asti, our
 former Vice President — North America Sales and
 Service — Finance, Robert Korkuc, our former
 Chief Accounting Officer, and Brian Burke, our former Senior
 Vice President of Worldwide Operations and Chief Accounting
 Officer, respectively, pled guilty to two counts of securities
 fraud in connection with the government investigations described
 above. The SEC has filed civil complaints against
 Messrs. Asti, Korkuc and Burke based upon similar facts.
 Since June 2004, the Eastern District has announced that five
 additional former employees, including Leonard Goldner, our
 former Executive Vice President and General Counsel, have pled
 guilty to various conspiracy charges.

 The guilty pleas of the eight individuals mentioned above; the
 resolution of these civil complaints with the SEC; the continued
 prosecution by the Eastern District of Tomo Razmilovic and three
 other members of our former

 17

 management team; or the SEC’s filing of complaints against
 eleven members of our former management team for securities
 fraud and other violations of the federal securities laws could
 generate negative publicity for us and result in a decline in
 our stock price.

 In addition, we and a number of our former officers have
 recently been named as defendants in class action lawsuits
 alleging we violated the federal securities laws by issuing
 statements concerning our prospects, financial results and
 financial controls that were allegedly false and misleading.
 More recently, we and eleven of our current and former officers
 and directors have been named as defendants in a derivative
 lawsuit alleging that we breached our fiduciary duties by
 failing to implement initiatives to improve our internal
 controls. We intend to vigorously defend each of these lawsuits.
 These matters are in their early procedural stages, and thus we
 are unable to predict the likelihood or range of potential
 liability or the potential financial impact of our future
 operations if we are not able to successfully defend or settle
 these cases. As a result of these lawsuits, we may be subject to
 additional securities class action litigation. Also, we are
 unable to predict the effect that these pending lawsuits, or
 similar lawsuits filed against us in the future, may have on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and stock
 price. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.”

 Our
 indemnification of our former management obligates us to
 indemnify and advance legal expenses to them, including with
 respect to the pending criminal and civil litigation for
 accounting misconduct, in accordance with the terms of our
 certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other applicable
 agreements and Delaware law. Our insurance coverage is not
 sufficient to cover our liabilities related to such litigation
 and the settlement of the securities fraud class action
 lawsuits. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, material
 expense to satisfy such obligations, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position
 and cash flows.

 We are obligated to indemnify and advance legal expenses to our
 former directors, officers or employees in accordance with the
 terms of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other
 applicable agreements and Delaware law. Our certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws provide for the indemnification of our
 directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under
 Delaware law. Under Delaware law, we may generally indemnify
 directors, officers and other employees against expenses
 (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts
 paid in settlement in connection with specified actions, suits
 and proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
 investigative (other than in derivative actions), if they acted
 in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in
 or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and,
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
 reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. We have
 settled all claims relating to the indemnification and payment
 of legal expenses for our former directors, officers and
 employees with our insurance carriers for $10.2 million.
 Since the final settlement of all claims against our former
 directors, officers and employees will exceed
 $10.2 million, we are be obligated to pay such excess
 amount, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

 We do not expect our insurance coverage to cover our total
 liabilities and related litigation costs in the actions
 discussed above, and in the litigations discussed in our
 periodic filings with the SEC, and the total liabilities and
 costs are still uncertain. On August 3, 2005, we tendered
 7.7 million shares related to the class action settlement.
 The plaintiffs have yet to specify the amount of damages being
 sought in the civil actions against our former management and
 our former board of directors, and, therefore, we are unable to
 estimate what our ultimate liability under our indemnification
 obligations in such lawsuits may be. Our indemnification
 obligations discussed above may have a material adverse effect
 on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 A
 failure to implement effectively and efficiently our plan to
 remediate deficiencies in our internal controls and procedures
 could result in accounting errors and in violations of our
 settlement agreement with the SEC and our non-prosecution
 agreement with the Eastern District.

 As previously reported in our
 Form 10-K
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, we reported
 that a material weakness existed related to the manner in which
 we processed transactions to record revenue. Additionally, we
 reported that deficiencies existed relating to the adequacy and
 timeliness of account reconciliations, formalized worldwide
 policies and procedures, the amount of manual journal entries
 required to record transactions and the

 18

 updating of documents with customers. We also reported that for
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, we had other
 material weaknesses that have since been remediated.

 In addition, in November 2004, during our inventory testing
 (including a planned physical inventory at a company-owned
 distribution center), two unrelated errors were discovered.
 These errors were the result of two discrete events. One event
 involved inaccurate inventory levels reported to us by a large
 distribution partner. The under-reported inventory levels
 resulted in us inaccurately reporting $3.3 million in
 revenues in our earnings release on October 26, 2004 for
 the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2004.
 This was an oversight on the part of the distribution partner,
 which made us aware of the reporting error as soon as it was
 discovered. The second discrepancy was the result of errors that
 occurred at a company-owned distribution facility that serves
 one of our large retail customers. The distribution center
 relies on its own internal reporting system and misreported
 inventory. As a result of this second discrepancy, we
 over-reported revenue by $10.3 million for the three-and
 nine-month periods ended September 30, 2004 in our earnings
 release on October 26, 2004. Based on these findings,
 management believed there were significant deficiencies relating
 to the controls for receiving, shipping and ultimately reporting
 the amount of inventory. We have investigated the events leading
 to the discrepancies discovered at our company-owned
 distribution facility and have taken appropriate remedial
 actions. Additionally, we engaged outside counsel to assist with
 the investigation and in responding to requests made by the
 Eastern District and the SEC regarding this matter, including
 whether Symbol has complied with the injunction issued in
 connection with the June 2004 settlement with the SEC and
 non-prosecution agreements with the Eastern District. There can
 be no assurance that these events will not give rise to an
 enforcement action or other proceeding, or to the imposition of
 fines or other penalties, by the Eastern District or the SEC.

 We
 have experienced material weaknesses in our internal controls in
 the past. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal
 controls, we may not be able to provide timely and accurate
 financial statements. This could cause investors to lose
 confidence in our reported financial results and have a negative
 effect on the trading price of our securities.

 As noted, in 2002 and 2003, we have identified a number of
 “material weaknesses” and “reportable
 conditions” in our internal financial controls. Some of
 these weaknesses resulted in errors in our historical financial
 statements, which in turn resulted in a restatement of our
 financial statements that affected our selected data for 1998,
 1999, 2000 and 2001, our financial statements for the years
 ended December 31, 2000 and 2001 and our unaudited selected
 quarterly information for each of the four quarters in 2001 and
 the first three quarters of 2002.

 In order to comply with the provisions of Section 404 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we instituted a substantial
 remediation process during 2003 and 2004. This process has
 enabled our management to conclude that our system of internal
 accounting control was effective as of December 31, 2004
 and 2005. However, these remediation efforts are not automated
 and required a number of back-end reconciliation and detect
 controls. These processes are manually intensive and require
 skilled accounting resources in order to be effective. Until we
 are able to develop an automated process for internal accounting
 controls, our continued compliance with Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require maintenance of skilled
 accounting resources. In general, the recruitment and retention
 of skilled accounting resources is particularly difficult in
 today’s environment.

 Additionally, we are required to file with the SEC an
 attestation report of our auditors on our management’s
 assessment of and operating effectiveness of internal controls.
 If a material weakness were identified with respect to our
 internal control over financial reporting, we would not be able
 to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting
 were effective, which could result in the inability of our
 external auditors to deliver an unqualified report, or any
 report, on our internal controls. Inferior internal controls
 could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
 financial information, which could have a negative effective on
 the trading price of our securities.

 19

 Risks
 related to our business

 We
 depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to
 our existing products. If we fail to predict and respond to
 emerging technological trends and our customers’ changing
 needs or if we are unable to reduce our manufacturing costs over
 time as anticipated, we may not be able to remain
 competitive.

 We are active in the research and development of new products
 and technologies and enhancing our current products. However,
 research and development in the enterprise mobility industry is
 complex and filled with uncertainty. If we expend a significant
 amount of resources and our efforts do not lead to the
 successful introduction of new or improved products, there could
 be a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
 financial condition and market share. In addition, it is common
 for research and development projects to encounter delays due to
 unforeseen problems, resulting in low initial volume production,
 fewer product features than originally considered desirable and
 higher production costs than initially budgeted, which may
 result in lost market opportunities. In addition, new products
 may not be commercially well received. There could be a material
 adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial
 condition and market share due to such delays or deficiencies in
 the development, manufacturing and delivery of new products.

 We have made significant investments to develop enterprise
 mobility products because we believe enterprise mobility is a
 new and developing market in the information technology
 industry. One example of our investments was our acquisition in
 2004 of Matrics, Inc. (“Matrics”), a leader in
 developing EPC-compliant RFID systems. If the RFID market or
 other markets in which we are investing do not grow, retailers
 and consumers do not react enthusiastically to enterprise
 mobility, we are unable to sell our enterprise mobility products
 and services at projected rates or the market adopts a standard
 for RFID technology that is different than that offered by
 Matrics, then there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business and operating results. Our efforts in enterprise
 mobility are also dependent, in part, on applications developed
 and infrastructure deployed by third parties. If third parties
 do not develop robust, new or innovative applications or create
 the appropriate infrastructure for enterprise mobility products
 and offer them to us or our customers on commercially reasonable
 terms, then there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business and operating results.

 Once a product is in the marketplace, its selling price usually
 decreases over the life of the product, especially after a new
 competitive product is publicly announced, because customers
 often delay purchases of existing products until the new or
 improved versions of those products are available. To lessen the
 effect of price decreases, our research and development teams
 attempt to reduce manufacturing costs of existing products in
 order to maintain or improve our margins on such products.
 However, if cost reductions do not occur in a timely manner,
 there could be a material adverse effect on our operating
 results and market share.

 Our
 business, operating results and growth rates may be adversely
 affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, as well
 as the volatile geopolitical environment.

 Our current business and operating plan assumes that economic
 activity in general, and information technology (“IT”)
 spending in particular, will at least remain at current levels;
 however, we cannot be assured of the level of IT spending, the
 deterioration of which could have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations and growth rates. Our business is
 especially affected by the economic success of the retail
 sector, which accounts for a significant portion of our
 business, and our results of operations may be adversely
 affected if the global economic and market conditions in the
 retail sector do not improve. For the year ended
 December 31, 2005, direct sales to the retail sector
 accounted for approximately 15% of our total revenue and
 approximately 58% of our direct sales. In addition, our reseller
 customers sell our products to the retail sector, which may
 represent a substantial portion of our reseller customers’
 sales. If interest rates rise, consumer demand could be further
 dampened and related retail IT spending may be reduced.

 20

 We
 have made strategic acquisitions and entered into alliances and
 joint ventures in the past and intend to do so in the future. If
 we are unable to find suitable acquisitions or partners or to
 achieve expected benefits from such acquisitions or
 partnerships, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business, growth rates and results of operations.

 As part of our ongoing business strategy to expand product
 offerings and acquire new technology, we frequently engage in
 discussions with third parties regarding, and enter into
 agreements relating to, possible acquisitions, strategic
 alliances and joint ventures. If we are unable to identify
 future acquisition opportunities or reach agreement with such
 third parties, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 business, growth rates and results of operations.

 Even if we are able to complete acquisitions or enter into
 alliances and joint ventures that we believe will be successful,
 such transactions, especially those involving technology
 companies like Matrics, are inherently risky. Significant risks
 to these transactions, including the acquisition of Matrics,
 include the following:

 • 

 integration and restructuring costs, both one-time and ongoing;

 • 

 maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures;

 • 

 diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business
 operations;

 • 

 establishing new informational, operational and financial
 systems to meet the needs of our business;

 • 

 losing key employees;

 • 

 failing to achieve anticipated synergies, including with respect
 to complementary products; and

 • 

 unanticipated and unknown liabilities.

 The
 acquisition of Matrics may not produce the revenue, earnings,
 business synergies or technological advances that we anticipate.
 This could have an adverse effect on our competitive position,
 revenues and prospects for growth.

 The RFID market may not perform as expected for a variety of
 reasons, including the failure in the development and acceptance
 of EPC-compliant RFID systems, higher than expected
 implementation costs associated with RFID and the unreliability
 of unproven technology. In addition, a competitor of Symbol
 commenced a patent infringement lawsuit against Matrics, which
 has since been merged with and into Symbol. Any one or a
 combination of these factors may cause our revenue or earnings
 to be further negatively impacted.

 Although the RFID market is at the early stages of development,
 we paid a significant premium for Matrics because we believe
 that EPC-based technology will be a material area of investment
 for our customers in our retail, manufacturing, transportation
 and logistics, wholesale distribution, healthcare and government
 vertical markets. We believe that Matrics is an early market
 leader with its commercial tag and reader products based on its
 trial deployments and full implementations with its customers in
 retail, transportation, healthcare, and government vertical
 markets. Our goal is to obtain a significant share of the market
 by combining our expertise in sales and support for enterprise
 mobility solutions along with our engineering resources and the
 Matrics expertise in this emerging market, which is a market
 that is projected to grow rapidly in the next three to five
 years. We currently believe that the costs we will incur during
 the product life cycle for both existing technology and future,
 replacement RFID technology will be consistent with the
 expenditures we have incurred in developing and maintaining our
 existing enterprise mobility solutions.

 If we are unable to develop or enhance the Matrics technology
 within the timeframe expected, we may not meet our revenue and
 profitability projections. Furthermore, we believe that a number
 of our existing customers intend to deploy RFID systems
 utilizing technology such as that provided by Matrics and if we
 fail to deliver those products, those customers may be less
 willing to purchase our other existing products, further
 negatively impacting revenue and profitability. If we do not
 develop or enhance the Matrics technology in line with our
 projections, we may be required to incur higher operating and
 capital expenses than expected in order to address these issues
 and meet projections.

 21

 The
 enterprise mobility industry is highly competitive, and
 competitive pressures from existing and new companies may have a
 materially adverse effect on our business, revenues, growth
 rates and market share.

 The enterprise mobility industry is a highly competitive
 industry that is influenced by the following:

 • 

 advances in technology;

 • 

 new product introductions;

 • 

 evolving industry standards;

 • 

 product improvements;

 • 

 rapidly changing customer needs;

 • 

 intellectual property invention and protection;

 • 

 marketing and distribution capabilities;

 • 

 competition from highly capitalized companies;

 • 

 entrance of new competitors;

 • 

 ability of customers to invest in information
 technology; and

 • 

 price competition.

 If we do not keep pace with product and technology advances,
 there could be a material adverse effect on our competitive
 position, revenues and prospects for growth. There is also
 likely to be continued pricing pressure as competitors attempt
 to maintain or increase market share.

 The products manufactured and marketed by us and our competitors
 in the enterprise mobility industry are becoming more complex.
 As the technological and functional capabilities of future
 products increase, these products may begin to compete with
 products being offered by traditional computer, network and
 communications industry participants that have substantially
 greater financial, technical, marketing and manufacturing
 resources than we do. We may not be able to compete successfully
 against these new competitors, and competitive pressures may
 result in a material adverse effect on our business or operating
 results.

 We are
 subject to risks related to our operations outside the United
 States. Unpredictable foreign sales and manufacturing
 environments may have a materially adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and revenues.

 A substantial portion of our revenue has been generated from
 sales outside the United States. For the year ended
 December 31, 2005,
 non-U.S. sales
 accounted for 42% of our revenue. We also manufacture most of
 our products outside the United States, and we anticipate that
 an increasing percentage of new products and subassemblies will
 be manufactured outside the United States. These sales and
 manufacturing activities are subject to the risks of foreign
 operations, including the following:

 • 

 increased security requirements;

 • 

 political uncertainties;

 • 

 transportation delays and interruptions;

 • 

 the impact of recessionary or inflationary foreign economies;

 • 

 adapting to different regulatory requirements; and

 • 

 different technology standards or customer expectations.

 Many of these risks have affected our business in the past and
 may in the future have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and revenues. We cannot predict
 whether the United States or any other country

 22

 will impose new quotas, tariffs, taxes or other trade barriers
 upon the importation of our products or supplies, any of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Our
 sales and manufacturing activities in foreign countries may be
 subject to lengthy receivables collection periods. A significant
 increase in our uncollected receivables may have a material
 adverse effect on our earnings and financial
 condition.

 Economic conditions in foreign countries where obligors under
 our receivables reside may affect our ability to collect our
 receivables. Such economic conditions include, but are not
 limited to:

 • 

 unemployment;

 • 

 interest rates;

 • 

 exchange rates;

 • 

 inflation rates; and

 • 

 consumer perceptions of the economy.

 If a large number of our obligors located in a foreign country
 experience any of the above-mentioned conditions, or other
 conditions, or if we otherwise experience a significant increase
 in the length of our receivables collection periods or the
 amount of our uncollected receivables, we may experience a
 material adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition.
 At December 31, 2005, our percentage of
 non-U.S. receivables
 was approximately 43%. In addition, at December 31, 2005,
 our percentage of doubtful accounts for customers outside the
 United States was approximately 42% of our total allowance
 for doubtful accounts.

 We may
 face trade barriers that could have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations and result in a loss of customers or
 suppliers.

 Trade barriers erected by the United States or other countries
 may interfere with our ability to offer our products and
 services in those markets. We cannot predict whether the United
 States or any other country will impose new quotas, tariffs,
 taxes or other trade barriers upon the importation or
 exportation of our products or supplies, any of which could have
 a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition. Competition and trade barriers in those
 countries could require us to reduce prices, increase spending
 on marketing or product development, withdraw from or not enter
 certain markets or otherwise take actions adverse to us.

 In all jurisdictions in which we operate, we are also subject to
 the laws and regulations that govern foreign investment and
 foreign trade, which may limit our ability to repatriate cash as
 dividends or otherwise to the United States.

 Fluctuations
 in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and other foreign
 currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations and financial condition, including our sales and
 margins.

 Most of our equipment sales in Western Europe and Asia are
 billed in foreign currencies and are subject to currency
 exchange fluctuations. In prior years, changes in the value of
 the U.S. dollar compared to foreign currencies have had an
 impact on our sales and margins. We have a formal policy that
 permits the use of financial instruments to manage and reduce
 the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates that
 may arise in the normal course of our business. This policy
 prohibits the use of currency derivatives or other financial
 instruments for trading or speculative purposes. However, we
 cannot predict the direction or magnitude of future currency
 fluctuations. A weakening of the currencies in which we generate
 sales relative to the currencies in which our costs are
 denominated may lower our results of operations and impair our
 financial condition. For example, we purchase a large number of
 parts, components and third-party products from Japan. The value
 of the yen in relation to the U.S. dollar strengthened
 during 2003, 2004 and 2005. If the value of the yen continues to
 strengthen relative to the dollar, there could be a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

 We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts and foreign
 currency loans principally to hedge the currency fluctuations in
 transactions denominated in foreign currencies, thereby limiting
 our risk that would otherwise result

 23

 from changes in exchange rates. During 2003, 2004 and 2005, the
 principal transactions hedged were short-term intercompany
 sales. The periods of the forward foreign exchange contracts and
 foreign currency loans correspond to the periods of the hedged
 transactions.

 In all jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to the
 laws and regulations that govern currency exchange transactions,
 which may limit our ability to convert foreign currency cash
 flows into U.S. dollars.

 We
 rely on our manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico to
 manufacture a significant portion of our products. Any problems
 at the Reynosa facility could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, costs of revenue and financial
 condition.

 For the year ended December 31, 2005, 62% of our product
 cost of revenue can be attributed to our facility in Reynosa.
 Approximately 60% of the products manufactured in this facility
 represent mobile computer products and approximately 40%
 represent scanners and RFID products. In the past, we have
 experienced manufacturing problems in the ordinary course of
 business, such as equipment breakdowns and short-term employee
 shortages, that have caused delivery delays. While these past
 delays have not been material, we may experience material
 production difficulties and product delivery delays in the
 future as a result of the following:

 • 

 changing process technologies;

 • 

 ramping production;

 • 

 installing new equipment at our manufacturing facilities;

 • 

 ability to hire and retain skilled employees; and

 • 

 shortage of key components.

 If manufacturing problems in our Reynosa facility were to arise
 or if use of our manufacturing facility in Reynosa were to be
 interrupted by natural disaster or any other event, and we are
 unable to develop alternative sources for our production needs,
 we may not be able to meet customer demand for our products,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 costs of operations and financial condition.

 Some
 components, subassemblies and products are purchased from a
 single supplier or a limited number of suppliers. The loss of
 any of these suppliers may cause us to incur additional
 set-up
 costs, result in delays in manufacturing and delivering our
 products or cause us to carry excess or obsolete
 inventory.

 While components and supplies are generally available from a
 variety of sources, we currently depend on a limited number of
 suppliers for several components for our equipment, and certain
 subassemblies and products. Some components, subassemblies and
 products are purchased from a single supplier or a limited
 number of suppliers. For example, we have a long-term strategic
 relationship with Olympus Optical, Inc. of Japan pursuant to
 which Olympus and Symbol jointly develop selected products that
 are manufactured by Olympus exclusively for sale by us in the
 field of our business and prospective businesses. The percentage
 of our product sales that include products or contain components
 manufactured by Olympus historically has ranged from
 approximately 10% to 20% in any given quarterly period. We have
 estimated that the temporary adverse impact if we lost Olympus
 as a manufacturer would be approximately 40% of the product
 sales that include products or contain components manufactured
 by Olympus or a temporary adverse impact of approximately 4% to
 8% of total product sales. In addition, for certain components,
 subassemblies and products for which we may have multiple
 sources, we are still subject to significant price increases and
 limited availability due to market demand for such components,
 subassemblies and products. In the past, unexpected demand for
 communication products caused worldwide shortages of certain
 electronic parts, which had an adverse impact on our business.
 While we have entered into contracts with suppliers of parts
 that we anticipate may be in short supply, there can be no
 assurance that additional parts will not become the subject of
 such shortages or that such suppliers will be able to deliver
 the parts in fulfillment of their contracts. In addition, on
 occasion, we increase our component inventory in anticipation of
 supply shortages, which may result in our carrying excess or
 obsolete components if we do not properly anticipate customer
 demand and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations.

 24

 If shortages or delays exist, we may not be able to secure an
 adequate number of components at reasonable prices and
 acceptable quality and, therefore, may not be able to meet
 customer demand for our products, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
 Although the availability of components did not materially
 impact our business in 2003, 2004 or 2005, we cannot predict
 when and if component shortages will occur.

 We
 outsource the manufacturing of many of our components and
 products, and if third-party manufacturers lack sufficient
 quality control or if there are significant changes in the
 financial or business condition of such third-party
 manufacturers, our ability to supply quality products to our
 customers may be disrupted.

 We increasingly depend on outsourced manufacturing, primarily by
 manufacturers located outside the United States. Our
 increasing dependence on third-party manufacturers for
 outsourced components subjects us to the risk of supplier
 failure and customer dissatisfaction with the quality or
 performance of our products containing such purchased
 components. Quality or performance failures by our third-party
 manufacturers or changes in their financial or business
 condition could disrupt our ability to supply quality products
 to our customers and thereby have a material adverse effect on
 our business, revenues and financial condition.

 In addition, third-party manufacturers for outsourced components
 are consolidating in the electronic component industry. The
 consolidation of our third-party manufacturers for outsourced
 components may give the remaining and larger third-party
 manufacturers greater leverage to increase the prices that they
 charge and thereby increase our cost of component parts.

 Management
 of our inventory will be complex as we continue to sell a
 significant mix of products through distributors. Fluctuations
 in distributor demand may cause us to reduce our prices and
 write down inventory, which could result in lower gross
 margins.

 We must manage inventory effectively, particularly with respect
 to sales to distributors. Our gross inventory at the end of 2003
 was $322.2 million with an estimated valuation allowance of
 $109.3 million or 33.9%. As of December 31, 2005,
 gross inventory has been reduced to $231.3 million with an
 estimated valuation allowance of $49.1 million or 21.2%.
 Management, during this time period, has improved its management
 of inventory, particularly its management of its supply chain as
 well as through its distribution channel. However, distributors
 may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel
 orders if their inventory is too high or delay orders in
 anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their
 orders in response to the supply of our products and the
 products of our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in
 end-user demand. If we have excess inventory, we may have to
 reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could
 result in a lower gross margin.

 We
 sell a majority of our products through resellers, distributors
 and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”). If the
 third-party distribution sources on which we rely do not perform
 their services adequately or efficiently or if they exit the
 industry, and we are not able to quickly find adequate
 replacements, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 revenue.

 We sell a majority of our products through resellers,
 distributors and OEMs. Some of our third-party distribution
 sources may have insufficient financial resources and may not be
 able to withstand changes in worldwide business conditions,
 including economic downturn, or abide by our inventory and
 credit requirements. If the third-party distribution sources on
 which we rely do not perform their services adequately or
 efficiently or exit the industry, and we are not able to quickly
 find adequate replacements, there could be a material adverse
 effect on our revenue and market share. In addition, we do not
 have third-party distribution sources in certain parts of the
 world. If we are unable to effectively and efficiently supply
 and service customers outside our current geographic scope,
 there may be a material adverse effect on our growth rates and
 result of operations.

 In 2003, we implemented a new distribution system called the
 Symbol
 PartnerSelecttm

 Program that is designed to increase our business and the
 business of our resellers, distributors and OEMs and improve the
 quality of service and products offered to end users of our
 products and services. For example, under the Symbol
 PartnerSelect
tm

 Program, resellers are selected for a program track and level
 based on a number of different criteria

 25

 such as hardware, software, and service offerings, number and
 level of Symbol certifications, level of partnership commitment
 and level of customer support. If the new program does not
 continue to be well received by our resellers, distributors and
 OEMs, or end users of our products and services, there could be
 a material adverse effect on our operating results. For example,
 one of our former resellers was not selected to participate in
 the Symbol
 PartnerSelecttm

 Program and has sued us for unfair competition in Europe.

 If we
 are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or if
 third parties assert we are in violation of their intellectual
 property rights, there could be a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations and our ability to attract new customers
 and retain current customers.

 We protect our proprietary information and technology through
 licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure agreements and
 other contractual provisions, as well as through patent,
 trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States
 and similar laws in other countries. There can be no assurance
 that these protections will be available in all cases or will be
 adequate to prevent our competitors from copying, reverse
 engineering or otherwise obtaining and using our technology,
 proprietary rights or products. Furthermore, there can be no
 assurance that our competitors will not independently develop
 technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to
 our technology or design around our proprietary rights. In
 addition, an important scanner-integrated computer patent
 expired in July 2005. In each case, our ability to compete and
 to receive licensing revenues could be significantly impaired.
 To prevent substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual
 property rights, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for
 infringement
 and/or
 misappropriation of our proprietary rights against third
 parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and
 diversion of our resources and management’s attention, and
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such
 action. In addition, third parties may seek to challenge,
 invalidate or circumvent our patents, trademarks, copyrights and
 trade secrets, or applications for any of the foregoing.
 Furthermore, the laws of certain countries in which our products
 are or may be licensed do not protect our proprietary rights to
 the same extent as the laws of the United States.

 Third parties have, and may in the future, assert claims of
 infringement of intellectual property rights against us or
 against our partners for which we may be liable under certain
 terms of indemnification. Due to the rapid pace of technological
 change in our industry, much of our business and many of our
 products rely on proprietary technologies of third parties, and
 we may not be able to obtain, or continue to obtain, licenses
 from such third parties on reasonable terms. We have received,
 and have currently pending, third-party claims and may receive
 additional notices of such claims of infringement in the future.
 To date, such activities have not had a material adverse effect
 on our business and we have either prevailed in all litigation,
 obtained a license on commercially acceptable terms or otherwise
 been able to modify any affected products or technology.
 However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
 prevail in any such actions or that any license required under
 any such patent or other intellectual property would be made
 available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In
 addition, any such claim of infringement could result in an
 injunction that prevents us from distributing certain products
 or performing certain services. The failure to obtain a license
 on commercially reasonable terms or the entry of an injunction
 that impairs our ability to market certain products or services
 could have a material adverse affect on our business, results of
 operations or financial condition. Since we and third parties
 hold a significant number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent
 applications related to our business, we believe that there is
 likely to continue to be significant litigation regarding patent
 and other intellectual property rights, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and our ability to
 compete.

 New
 safety regulations or changes in existing safety regulations
 related to our products may result in unanticipated costs or
 liabilities, which could have a materially adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations and future sales and could place
 additional burdens on the operations of our
 business.

 Radio emissions and the use of lasers are subject to regulation
 in the United States and in other countries in which we do
 business. In the United States, various federal agencies
 including the Center for Devices and Radiological Health of the
 Food and Drug Administration, the Federal Communications
 Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 and various state agencies have promulgated regulation that
 concern the use of lasers
 and/or
 radio/electromagnetic emissions standards. Member countries of
 the European

 26

 community have enacted standards concerning electrical and laser
 safety and electromagnetic compatibility and emissions standards.

 If any of our products becomes subject to new regulations or if
 any of our products becomes specifically regulated by additional
 government entities, compliance with such regulations could
 become more burdensome and there could be a material adverse
 effect on our business and our results of operations.

 In addition, our wireless communication products operate through
 the transmission of radio signals. Currently, operation of these
 products in specified frequency bands does not require licensing
 by regulatory authorities. Regulatory changes restricting the
 use of frequency bands or allocating available frequencies could
 become more burdensome and could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations and future sales.

 Compliance
 with environmental matters and worker health and safety laws
 could be costly and noncompliance with these laws could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations, expenses
 and financial condition.

 Some of our operations use substances regulated under various
 federal, state, local and international laws governing the
 environment and worker health and safety, including those
 governing the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and
 water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and
 wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Certain of our
 products are subject to various federal, state, local and
 international laws governing chemical substances in electronic
 products. We could be subject to increased costs, fines, civil
 or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal
 injury claims if we violate or become liable under environmental
 and/or
 worker health and safety laws.

 In January 2003, the European Union (“EU”) issued two
 directives relating to chemical substances in electronic
 products. The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment
 Directive requires producers of electrical goods to pay for
 specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past
 and future covered products. EU governments were required to
 enact and implement legislation that complies with this
 directive by August 13, 2004 (such legislation together
 with the directive, the “WEEE Legislation”), and
 certain producers are to be financially responsible under the
 WEEE Legislation beginning in August 2005. The EU has issued
 another directive that requires electrical and electronic
 equipment placed on the EU market after July 1, 2006 to be
 free of lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium (above a
 threshold limit) and brominated flame retardants. EU governments
 were required to enact and implement legislation that complies
 with this directive by August  13, 2004 (such
 legislation together with this directive, the “RoHS
 Legislation”). If we do not comply with these directives,
 we may suffer a loss of revenue, be unable to sell in certain
 markets
 and/or
 countries, be subject to penalties and enforced fees

and/or
 suffer a competitive disadvantage. Similar legislation could be
 enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States.
 Costs to comply with the WEEE Legislation, RoHS Legislation

and/or
 similar future legislation, if applicable, could include costs
 associated with modifying our products, recycling and other
 waste processing costs, legal and regulatory costs and insurance
 costs. We have taken and will also be required to take
 additional reserves for costs associated with compliance with
 these regulations. We cannot assure you that the costs to comply
 with these new laws, or with current and future environmental
 and worker health and safety laws will not have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operation, expenses and
 financial condition.

 If we
 are unable to recruit and retain key employees, this could
 affect our ability to successfully grow our
 business.

 In order to be successful, we must retain and motivate our
 executives and other key employees, including those in
 managerial, technical, marketing and information technology
 support positions. In particular, our product generation efforts
 rely on hiring and retaining qualified engineers. Attracting and
 retaining skilled solutions providers in the IT support business
 and qualified sales representatives are also critical to our
 success. As previously disclosed, three of our senior executives
 recently resigned.

 Experienced management and technical, marketing and support
 personnel in the information technology industry are in high
 demand, and competition for their talents is intense. The loss
 of, or the inability to recruit, key employees could have a
 material adverse effect on our business.

 27

 Covenants
 in our credit facility may limit our ability to operate our
 business, which in turn could adversely affect our earnings and
 financial condition, and may limit our ability to take advantage
 of potential business opportunities as they arise.

 Our credit facility contains covenants that restrict our ability
 to make distributions or other payments to our investors and
 creditors unless we satisfy certain financial tests or other
 criteria. We must also comply with certain specified financial
 ratios and tests. Our material U.S. subsidiaries are
 subject to similar restrictions which may restrict their ability
 to make certain distributions to us. Our credit facility
 contains additional affirmative and negative covenants,
 including limitations on our ability to incur additional
 indebtedness, limitations to entering into certain acquisitions,
 limitations on making capital expenditures, limitations on
 payment of dividends and limitations on repurchases of common
 stock under the employee stock purchase program. All of these
 restrictions could affect our ability to operate our business,
 which in turn could adversely affect our earnings and financial
 condition, and may limit our ability to take advantage of
 potential business opportunities as they arise.

 If we do not comply with these covenants and restrictions, we
 would be in default under our credit facility, and the debt
 incurred thereunder, together with accrued interest, could then
 be declared immediately due and payable. If we default under our
 credit facility, the lenders could cause all of our outstanding
 debt obligations under our credit facility to become due and
 payable, require us to apply all of our cash to repay the
 indebtedness under our credit facility or prevent us from making
 debt service payments on our other indebtedness. If we are
 unable to repay any borrowings when due, the lenders under our
 credit facility could proceed against their collateral, which
 includes most of the assets we own. In addition, any default
 under our credit facility could lead to an acceleration of debt
 under other debt instruments that contain cross acceleration or
 cross-default provisions. If the indebtedness under our credit
 facility and our other debt instruments is accelerated, we may
 not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due under our credit
 facility or indebtedness under our other debt instruments. Our
 ability to comply with these provisions of our credit facility
 may be affected by changes in the economic or business
 conditions or other events beyond our control.

 As of June 30, 2005, we were not compliant with all
 financial covenants due to the corporate restructuring and
 settlement of the SAILS transaction. On June 30, 2005, we
 received a waiver and amendment from our lenders due to our
 settlement of the SAILS transaction, which was prohibited under
 the original credit agreement. This waiver and amendment also
 permitted us to exclude the termination payments related to the
 SAILS settlement from interest expense when calculating
 covenants. On August 2, 2005, we received an additional
 waiver and amendment from our lenders due to our failure to
 comply with the fixed charge covenant caused by the
 restructuring charges booked in the second quarter, and to be
 recorded in the third and fourth quarter of 2005, allowing us to
 exclude the 2005 restructuring charges from the fixed charge
 covenant calculation. See “Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations — Existing
 indebtedness” included elsewhere herein.