We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect our operations or financial results. For a discussion of our risk management governance and processes, including operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, see Risk Management and Capital Management in Part II – Item 7. For additional information regarding cybersecurity risk, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity.

- 10 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

Economic and Market Risks

Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business.

Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment – economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. Deterioration in the housing and credit markets and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources.

The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States, have a significant effect on our operating results. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve, including changes in its target funds rate and its own balance sheet management, are difficu
lt to predict and can affect our financial results, including net interest revenue and bank deposit account fees, and the market value of our investment securities. These policies can have implications for clients’ allocation to cash as we experienced in recent years, and higher or lower client cash balances have an impact on our capital requirements, as well as liquidity implications if such changes in allocation are sudden. Investor sentiment and market and trading dynamics can affect client preferences and security selection, and can impact transactions and asset-based revenues. Market-driven changes, such as declines in equity markets, can also reduce client demand for margin lending, which is a significant source of net interest revenue.

A significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income.

Client cash balances are a significant funding source for the generation of the Company’s revenue. Cash awaiting investment may be used to extend margin loans to clients or be swept to our banking subsidiaries and those bank deposits are then used to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. We also sweep a portion of such cash to the TD Depository Institutions pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement, through which we earn bank deposit account fees. A significant reduction in our clients’ allocation to cash, a change in the allocation of that cash, or a transfer of cash away from the Company, would likely reduce our income. For example, as a result of rapid increases in short-term interest rates in 2022 and 2023, the Company saw a significant decrease in clients’ asset allocation to sweep cash and greater client investment in higher-yielding alternatives at Schwab such as fixed income investments and proprietary purchased money market funds. To help support these changes in client cash allocations, the Company extensively utilized higher-cost funding sources, which negatively impacted the Company’s net income. 

Significant interest rate changes could affect our profitability.

The direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. A decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on our net interest revenue and our bank deposit account fee revenue. The Company’s interest-earning assets include significant holdings of investment securities, which include fixed- and floating-rate debt securities, including substantial holdings of mortgage-backed securities, as well as margin loans, mortgages, and PALs. The Company could be adversely affected by a decline in interest rates if the rates that the Company earns on interest-earning assets decline more than the rates that the Company pays on its funding sources, or if prepayment rates increase on the mortgages and mortgage-backed securities that the Company holds. A low interest rate environment may also have a negative impact on our asset management and administration fee revenues when we have to waive a portion of our management fees, as we experienced in 2020 and 2021, for certain Schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds in order to continue providing a positive return to clients. A decline in interest rates may also negatively impact our bank deposit account fee revenue, pursuant to the 2023 IDA agreement. 

Though the Company may benefit from a rising interest rate environment, a rise in interest rates may cause our funding costs to increase. The competitive environment may induce us to raise our interest rates to avoid losing deposits, or we may need to replace deposits with higher-cost funding sources as we experienced in recent years. In such situations, without offsetting increases in yields on interest-earning assets, the benefit of higher market interest rates to our net interest revenue may be reduced. The rapid increases in market interest rates experienced in 2022 and 2023 also contributed to increased unrealized losses on our investment securities portfolios. Increased unrealized losses on investment securities or other assets on our balance sheet can reduce market or client confidence in us, which could limit our ability to attract new client assets and accounts or result in the transfer of client assets and accounts from the Company.

A rise in interest rates may also reduce our bank deposit account fee revenue, as clients may reallocate assets out of bank deposit account balances and into higher-yielding investment alternatives, as we experienced in recent years. The 2023 IDA agreement involves certain commitments, including the maintenance of prescribed minimum and maximum insured deposit account balances (IDA balances), that limit our ability to respond to changes in interest rates and may impact our profitability and bank deposit account fee revenue. The bank deposit account fee revenue that we earn related to the 2023 IDA agreement may be less 

- 11 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

than the net interest revenue that we could have earned if the deposit balances were used to extend margin loans or swept to our banking subsidiaries rather than the TD Depository Institutions. 

Problems encountered by other financial institutions and responsive measures to manage such problems could have direct adverse effects on financial markets generally and our financial position or results of operations, as well as indirect adverse effects on us.

Concerns regarding the soundness or creditworthiness of other financial institutions can cause substantial disruption within the financial markets and have negative impacts for us and our industry, including reductions in availability of liquidity, higher borrowing costs, and higher costs of capital. Such concerns regarding one or more financial institutions may also advance public concerns regarding Schwab or the financial services industry more broadly, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, even if underlying matters impacting other financial institutions are of limited or no direct applicability to us. Financial institutions are interrelated through trading, clearing, custody, or other relationships, and, as a result, concerns about the financial condition of one or more institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses, or defaults by other institutions. This risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as broker-dealers, banks, clearing houses, securities exchanges, market makers, and others, with which we interact on a daily basis, and therefore, could adversely affect us. 

Events affecting the financial services industry may also result in potentially adverse changes to laws or regulations governing banks and savings and loan holding companies or result in the imposition of restrictions through supervisory or enforcement activities, including higher capital or liquidity requirements or increased FDIC premiums and special assessments, which could have a material impact on our business. Following the failure of several U.S. banks in 2023, the U.S. federal banking agencies proposed rules that would significantly impact our regulatory capital requirements, including requiring us to include AOCI in regulatory capital, as well as rules that would require minimum levels of eligible long-term debt at CSC and our banking subsidiaries. As a result of heightened regulatory focus on capital requirements, the Company took measures to increase its capital, including revising its long-term operating objective. In addition, the cost of resolving the 2023 bank failures resulted in increased FDIC costs, and potential future bank failures or other similar events may prompt the FDIC to further increase its premiums or to issue additional special assessments, which could have a material negative impact on our profitability and our business. 

Liquidity Risk

A significant decrease in our liquidity could negatively affect our business as well as reduce client confidence in us.

Maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our business operations, including transaction settlement, custody requirements, and lending commitments, among other liquidity needs. We meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital and cash generated by client activity as well as external financing. Fluctuations in client cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of client deposits, may affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. While Schwab maintains diversified sources of funding, a reduction in our liquidity position could reduce client confidence in us, which could result in the transfer out of client assets and accounts, or could cause us to fail to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including the LCR. In addition, if our broker-dealer or depository institution subsidiaries fail to meet regulatory capital guidelines, or if a depository institution subsidiary is unable to obtain regulatory approval, when required, to declare a dividend, regulators could limit the subsidiaries’ ability to upstream funds to CSC or limit their operations, which could reduce CSC’s liquidity and adversely affect its ability to repay debt, pay dividends on CSC’s preferred stock and common stock, repurchase its shares, or redeem its preferred stock. In addition, CSC may need to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries.

Factors which may adversely affect our liquidity position include CS&Co having temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, fluctuations in cash held in banking or brokerage client accounts, such as significant client reallocation from sweep cash to higher-yielding investments as we experienced in recent years in response to rapid interest rate increases, a dramatic increase in our lending activities (including margin, mortgage-related, and personal lending), increased capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, other regulatory changes, or a loss of market or client confidence in us resulting in unanticipated withdrawals of client funds. The Company’s margin lending activity has significantly increased in recent years due to market-driven factors
 and overall growth of our business.

As a member firm of securities and derivatives clearing houses, we are required to deposit cash, stock and/or government securities for margin requirements and to clearing funds. The margin requirements may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients’ trading activity and market volatility, and member firms like us have been required to 

- 12 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

deposit additional funds. Clearing houses could also require additional funds from member firms if a clearing member defaults on its obligations to the clearing house in an amount larger than its own margin and clearing fund deposits.

As a participant in the financial services industry, Schwab relies on access to external financing in the normal course of business. During periods of disruptions in the credit and capital markets, potential sources of external financing could be reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. CSC, CS&Co, and our banking subsidiaries maintain multiple sources of external financing including repurchase agreements and securities lending, secured lines of credit and unsecured uncommitted bank credit lines, and CSC has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC which can be used to sell securities. Financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. In addition, a downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.

When short-term interest rates rapidly increase, client movement of certain cash balances out of our sweep features and into higher-yielding alternatives generally increases. When these outflows outpace excess cash on hand and cash generated by maturities and paydowns on our investment and loan portfolios, as we experienced in 2022 and 2023, we may need to rely on increased levels of higher-cost funding, which could be subject to limitations on availability and additional regulatory requirements. 

Operational Risk

Security breaches of our systems, or those of our clients or third parties, may subject us to significant liability and damage our reputation.

Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities, including the use of artificial intelligence technologies, of organized crime, activists, hackers and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our systems and those of other financial institutions, as well as those of our third-party service providers, have been and will continue to be the frequent target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware,

and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Data security breaches may also result from employee misconduct. Data exposure may also result from a failure to adequately destroy data during system or asset decommissioning, which might result in client or Company information being made available to external parties in error. 

Given the high volume of transactions that we process, the large number of clients, counterparties, and third-party service providers with which we do business, including cloud service providers, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. The extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps we may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before an investigation is completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.

Security breaches, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, and could subject us to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures which could harm our business. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. We may also be required to pay ransom to threat actors to restore operations or prevent dissemination of sensitive data.

Technology and operational failures or errors and other operational risks could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage.

We must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our 

- 13 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, extreme weather, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. For example, we and other financial institutions have been the target of various denial of service attacks that have, in certain circumstances, made websites, mobile applications and email unavailable for periods of time. Cloud technologies are critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. We have experienced, and could, in the future, experience cloud service disruptions that lead to delays in accessing data that is important to our businesses. Such disruptions, such as the broad-reaching cloud platform outages that impacted multiple industries in recent years, can and have hindered our clients’ access to our platforms. It could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence, which could affect our ability to process and settle client transactions. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties.

While we devote substantial attention and resources to the reliability, capacity and scalability of our systems, we occasionally experience extraordinary trading volumes, which have caused and could cause our computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail, affecting our ability to process client transactions and potentially resulting in some clients’ orders being executed at prices they did not anticipate. Disruptions in service and slower system response times could result in substantial losses, decreased client satisfaction, reputational damage, and regulatory inquiries. We are also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, market makers, dealers, custodians, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. System failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices and cancelled orders, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages, and cause reputational harm. We have experienced in recent years technology outages of client websites, mobile applications, and certain corporate technology as a result of technological issues with third-party service providers that we use to support websites and mobile applications used by us and our clients. An internal issue or issues with vendor or industry systems and connectivity could materially impact our operations and ability to service clients, subject us to material losses, and cause reputational harm. 

Certain events could increase our client service and processing times due to staffing shortages, remote work or the temporary loss of services from outsourced service providers, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. We consider service quality to be an important part of the client experience and our failure to meet client expectations could result in decreased client satisfaction.

Our investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses.

Fund and trust management and administration are complex activities and include functions such as recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, compliance with investment restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. Failure to properly perform operational tasks, or the misrepresentation of our services and products could subject us to regulatory sanctions, penalties, or litigation, and result in reputational damage, liability to clients, and the termination of investment management or administration agreements, and the withdrawal of assets under our management.

In the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we use quantitative models and other tools and resources to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. Errors in the design, function, or underlying assumptions used in these models and tools, particularly if we fail to detect the errors over an extended period, could subject us to claims of a breach of fiduciary duty and potentially large liabilities for make-whole payments, litigation, and/or regulatory fines.

We rely on outsourced service providers and financial intermediaries to perform key functions, and failure of these entities to perform as expected could result in financial or reputational harm to us or financial harm to our clients.

We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, support, and custody functions. These service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, natural disasters, extreme weather, power outage, public 

- 14 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

health crises, political developments, war, international disputes, or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in financial losses to us. As a result of both broad-reaching and company-specific technology impacts from our third-party service providers, we have experienced in recent years outages of client websites, mobile applications, and certain corporate technology. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily lost the services from some of our outsourced service providers which contributed to increased client service response and processing times. Switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in increased costs and less efficient operations. In addition, if custodians holding Schwab’s or our clients’ collateral were to fail to return such collateral when required due to insolvency, operational deficiencies, legal proceedings, or other events, we could incur financial loss. 

We rely on market makers, dealers, securities exchanges, clearing houses, custodians, and other financial intermediaries to execute and settle our clients’ orders. In addition, payments received from market makers and exchanges in connection with the execution of client equity and options trades, and from dealers and other counterparties in connection with securities lending, account for significant revenue. The unwillingness or inability of any of these parties to perform their usual functions coupled with the unavailability of alternative arrangements could result in our clients’ orders not getting executed or settled. This may be due to market volatility, uneconomic trading conditions, capacity constraints, financial constraints, system failures, unanticipated trading halts invoked by securities exchanges, market closures, or other reasons. Our inability to get client orders executed or settled because of the unwillingness or inability of these or similar parties to perform their usual functions could result in client dissatisfaction and reputational harm and expose us to client claims for damages. 

We may suffer financial loss from fraud and financial crime.

The risk of fraud for financial institutions has significantly increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and hackers, and other parties. Any of these parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, clients, vendors, or other third parties to disclose sensitive information that could lead to the misappropriation and use of clients’ user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to our clients’ financial accounts. Through our clients’ accounts, fraudsters may seek to engage in unauthorized securities transactions or money movement involving, for example, wire transfers, automated clearinghouse (ACH) transactions, debit cards, and checks, as well as fraudulent or unauthorized new account openings. Such fraud may occur from the compromise of clients’ personal electronic devices, social engineering, phishing scams, or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients’ personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. Any of these strategies can compromise credentials or be used to facilitate fraud. Increasing sophistication in artificial intelligence and broad public availability of such technologies, including to organizations and individuals seeking to commit fraud, has resulted in increased risk of external fraud by enhanced or novel techniques, including those involving impersonation to gain access to client accounts or convince clients to initiate fraudulent transactions.

We also face risks arising from clients who intentionally engage in fraudulent or deceptive conduct. In some instances, clients may knowingly authorize or initiate transactions under false pretenses, misuse payment channels, submit fraudulent checks or ACH items, or provide misleading information to facilitate fraudulent transfers or trading activity. Schwab also faces risk of fraud by employees who misuse authorized access to critical information or systems. Such insider misconduct may involve misappropriation of Company or client assets, misuse or theft of Company or client information, insider trading, operational sabotage, circumvention of internal controls, or other actions that could harm the Company or our clients. 

We continue to take steps to implement new controls, strengthen capabilities in how we authenticate our clients, and enhance monitoring protocols to help prevent and detect fraud and ultimately protect our clients, but the ways that fraudulent activity is attempted are continuously evolving. Although we monitor for new types of fraud, there may be a delay in recognizing such activity. Losses reimbursed to clients under our guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Instances of fraud might negatively impact our reputation and client confidence in the Company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances.

Credit Risk

We may suffer significant losses from our credit exposures.

Our businesses are subject to the risk that a client, counterparty or issuer will fail to perform its contractual obligations, or that the value of collateral held to secure obligations will prove to be inadequate. While we have policies and procedures designed to manage this risk, the policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Our exposure mainly results from margin lending, clients’ options and futures trading, securities lending, mortgage lending, pledged asset lending, our role as a counterparty in 

- 15 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

financial contracts and investing activities, and indirectly from the investing activities of certain of the proprietary funds that the Company sponsors.

When clients purchase securities on margin, borrow on lines of credit collateralized by securities, or trade options or futures, we are subject to the risk that clients may default on their obligations when the value of the securities and cash in their accounts falls below the amount of clients’ indebtedness. Our
 margin, options and futures business has materially increased in recent years as a result of market-driven factors and overall growth of our business including growth in our trader client base, and market liquidity represents an increased risk. 
Abrupt changes in securities valuations and the failure of clients to meet margin calls could result in substantial losses, especially if there is a lack of liquidity.

We have exposure to credit risk associated with our investments, which are subject to price fluctuations. Loss of value of securities can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such loss of value has resulted from a credit loss. The evaluation of whether a credit loss exists is a matter of judgment, which includes the assessment of multiple factors. If management determines that a security’s decline in fair value is the result of a credit loss, an allowance for credit losses on the security will be recorded and a corresponding loss will be recognized in current earnings. Even if a decline in fair value of a security is not determined to have resulted from a credit loss, if we were ever forced to sell the security sooner than intended prior to maturity due to liquidity needs, we would have to recognize any unrealized losses at that time. 

Our bank loans primarily consist of First Mortgages, PALs, and HELOCs. Increases in delinquency and default rates, housing and stock price declines, increases in the unemployment rate, and other economic factors, can result in increases in allowances for credit losses and related credit loss expense, as well as write-downs on such loans.

Heightened credit exposures to specific counterparties or instruments can increase our risk of loss. Examples include:

•
Large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or industry;

•
Mortgage loans and HELOCs to banking clients which are secured by properties in the same geographic region; and

•
Client margins, options or futures, pledged assets, and securities lending activities collateralized by or linked to securities of a single issuer, index, or industry.

The Company sponsors a number of proprietary money market mutual funds and other proprietary funds. Although the Company has no obligation to do so, the Company may decide for competitive or other reasons to provide credit, liquidity or other support to our funds in the event of significant declines in valuation of fund holdings or significant redemption activity that exceeds available liquidity. Such support could cause the Company to take significant charges, could reduce the Company’s liquidity, and, in certain situations, could, with respect to proprietary funds other than money market mutual funds, result in the Company having to consolidate one or more funds in its financial statements. If the Company were to choose not to provide credit, liquidity or other support in such a situation, the Company could suffer reputational damage and its business could be adversely affected.

Compliance Risks

Extensive regulatory supervision of our businesses may subject us to significant penalties

or limitations on business activities.

As a participant in the securities, banking, and financial services industries, we are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and foreign laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and SROs. The costs and uncertainty related to complying with such regulations continue to increase. These regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client prote
ction, and market conduct requirements on us as well as restrictions on the activities that we are allowed to conduct. We become subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as we grow and expand client offerings. 

Regulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, and could prevent us from pursuing our business strategy. Regulators could also limit our ability to grow, including adding assets, launching new products, making acquisitions, and undertaking strategic investments. Our banking regulators could require CSC and/or our banking subsidiaries to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit their ability to pay dividends or CSC’s ability to repurchase or redeem shares. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. Any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by our regulators against us or our affiliates, officers or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension, disqualification or expulsion, 

- 16 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

or other disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on our business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

While we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. In addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation and our relationships with our regulators and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.

Legislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively affect our business and financial results.

New legislation, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and SRO rules, regulations and guidance, including changes relating to mutual funds, money market funds, standards of conduct with clients, conflicts of interest, regulatory treatment of deposit accounts, CRA, changes in required minimum capital and capital structure, changes in equity market structure, including rules relating to order routing and order-related revenues, and digital assets may directly affect our operations and profitability or our specific business lines. The Company anticipates it will begin providing increased access for clients to trade in digital assets including select cryptocurrencies. While some legislative and regulatory details have emerged, laws and regulations related to transactions in these asset types are still pending further development, which could negatively impact our ability to launch these products or services or limit the profitability of transacting with these assets. Our profitability could also be affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. In addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, increased deposit insurance assessments or additional costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to our compliance, risk management, treasury, and operations functions.

Failure to meet capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines could affect our financial condition.

CSC, together with its banking, broker-dealer, and FCM/FDM subsidiaries, must meet certain capital and liquidity standards, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about the adequacy of our capital and our internal assessment of our capital needs. The Uniform Net Capital Rule limits the ability of our broker-dealer subsidiary to transfer capital to CSC and other affiliates. New regulatory capital, liquidity, capital planning, and stress testing requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including paying dividends, stock repurchases and redemptions, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity or to limit our growth. Failure by either CSC or its banking subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a negative impact on us. In addition, failure by CSC or our banking subsidiaries to maintain a sufficient amount of capital to satisfy their stress capital buffer (CSC) or capital conservation buffer (banking subsidiaries) and countercyclical capital buffer requirements would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, replace certain capital instruments which presently qualify as Tier 1 Capital, or increase regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, could require us to liquidate assets, deleverage or otherwise change our business and/or investment plans, which may adversely affect our financial results. Issuing additional common stock would dilute the ownership of existing stockholders. 

CSC is subject to the CCAR process, which requires submission of an annual capital plan, and determination of CSC’s stress capital buffer. The plan must include a description of all planned capital actions, including dividends or stock repurchases, over a nine-quarter planning horizon beginning with the first quarter of the calendar year the capital plan is submitted. CSC’s risk-based capital ratios must exceed the regulatory minimum plus the stress capital buffer. The stress capital buffer could make us subject to progressively more stringent constraints on capital actions if we approach our minimum ratios. This could lead to restrictions on our ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to stockholders.

If the average of CSC’s total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $700 billion, or if the average of cross-jurisdictional activity for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $75 billion, CSC will become subject to more stringent Category II requirements, including annual stress testing, the advanced approaches framework, and the inability to opt out of including AOCI in regulatory capital calculations. At December 31, 2025, CSC had approximately $491 billion in total assets and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $31 billion. See also Part II – Item 7 – Current Regulatory and Other Developments for discussion of regulatory proposals that could, among other things, require the Company to include AOCI in its regulatory capital calculations.

- 17 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

We are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending against claims or proceedings.

The financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. We are subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. We are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.

Litigation and arbitration claims include those brought by our clients and the clients of third-party advisors whose assets are custodied with us. Claims from clients of third-party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third-party advisors or the advisors’ misconduct. Litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). Such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. If we were found to have infringed on a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.

Actions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, including reputational harm. Even if we are successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may result in us incurring significant expenses. We may also determine that it is in the Company’s best interests to settle a matter, such as to avoid protracted litigation, even though the Company may have strong defenses. A substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on our results for that period. In market downturns and periods of heightened volatility, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased. 

Other Business Risks

Potential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on our financial position.

We evaluate potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. Any such transaction, including our acquisition of Forge, could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The process of evaluating, negotiating, effecting, and integrating any such strategic transaction may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, and might cause the loss of key clients, employees, and business partners. Moreover, integrating businesses and systems may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls, integrate relationships with clients and business partners, and manage facilities and employees in different geographic areas. The integration process could result in the disruption of ongoing businesses or changes to inconsistent standards, controls, procedures and policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees, outsourced service providers and vendors. In addition, an acquisition may cause us to assume liabilities or become subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings or require the amortization of a large amount of acquired intangible assets. Further, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition, including our acquisition of Forge, in a timely manner or at all, and any future acquisition could be dilutive to our current stockholders’ percentage ownership or to earnings per common share (EPS).

Our acquisitions and dispositions are typically subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity or part of an entity being acquired or sold. To the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell an entity or part of an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected, or at all. If a material transaction does not close, our stock price could decline. 

We intend to offer clients direct access to select digital assets, which exposes us to new and uncertain financial, operational, legal, and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our business and financial results.

In 2026, the Company anticipates it will begin offering expanded client access to trading in digital assets including spot trading in select cryptocurrencies. Expansion of digital asset client offerings presents significant new risks to the Company, including risks related to digital asset custody, trading, settlement, and liquidity, and increased risk related to fraud and other illicit activity. Client demand for digital assets is uncertain and may fluctuate significantly due to market volatility, regulatory developments, or changes in investor sentiment. The regulatory landscape for cryptocurrencies is evolving and uncertain, and changes in laws, regulations, or regulatory interpretations could prohibit or limit our ability to offer these products, increase compliance costs, or expose us to increased regulatory scrutiny.

Digital assets function as bearer instruments controlled with private keys, and transactions in digital assets are generally irreversible. Due to the unique nature of digital assets, the loss, theft, compromise, or destruction of private keys could result in 

- 18 -

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION

the permanent loss of digital assets with no practical means of recovery. Because blockchain technology is relatively new, it is difficult to predict how it might be vulnerable to cybersecurity and fraud risks that could affect our business.

We expect to engage with third-party service providers to facilitate certain activities related to digital assets. These relationships present additional risks, including operational, reputational, and compliance risks that could adversely affect our business. Internal and third-party systems needed to effect client activity in digital assets are vulnerable to operational failures, cyberattacks, and fraud, and we may be held responsible for deficiencies in the controls or regulatory compliance of third-party service providers, even where we do not have direct oversight of their operations. Failure or breach of our or third-party service providers’ systems, cybersecurity controls, or operational processes could result in loss of client digital assets, which may not be recoverable in full or at all. Many crypto industry participants are relatively early-stage companies with limited history. There is no guarantee they will perform as reliably or efficiently as anticipated. Regulatory change could also affect the ability of third-party service providers to continue to operate or provide services for Schwab clients. Such events could result in material financial losses, legal or regulatory claims, and reputational harm, even if we are not at fault.

Our industry is highly competitive and characterized by aggressive price competition.

We operate in a highly competitive environment with a broad array of competitors from large integrated banks to venture-capital-backed private companies. We continually monitor our pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjust interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, expense ratios on mutual funds and ETFs, trade commission rates, and other pricing and incentives to sustain our competitive position. Increased price competition from other financial services firms to attract clients, such as reduced commissions, higher deposit rates, reduced mutual fund or ETF expense ratios, or the increased use of incentives, could impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Our stock price has fluctuated historically, and may continue to fluctuate.

Factors that may affect trading and the volatility of our stock price include:

•
Financial results;

•
Business metrics, such as client cash and net new client assets;

•
Projections or the failure to meet projections;

•
Securities analyst coverage, estimates and results versus estimates;

•
The announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors; 

•
Declaration of dividends and purchases under the Company’s share repurchase program;

•
Sales of a substantial number of shares by large stockholders;

•
General stock market activity and industry developments; and

•
Other Risk Factors described in this section.

Return of capital to stockholders may depend on our capital position, financial results, market conditions, legal restrictions, and other considerations, and the Company may not complete its full share repurchase authorization. In addition, issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, including under incentive compensation plans or for acquisitions, could be substantially dilutive to holders of CSC’s common stock.