. 

Discussed below are
the material risk factors relating to Spectra Energy. 

Reductions in demand for natural gas and low market prices of
commodities adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

Our regulated businesses are generally economically
stable and are not significantly affected in the short-term by changing commodity prices. However, all of our businesses can be negatively affected in the long term by sustained downturns in the economy or long-term conservation efforts, which
could affect long-term demand and market prices for natural gas and NGLs, all of which are beyond our control and could impair the ability to meet long-term goals. 

Most of our revenues are based on regulated tariff rates, which include the recovery of certain fuel costs. However, lower overall economic output would cause a decline in the volume of natural gas
transported and distributed or gathered and processed at our plants, resulting in lower earnings and cash flows. This decline would primarily affect distribution revenues in the short term. Transmission revenues could be affected by long-term
economic declines that result in the non-renewal of long-term contracts at the time of expiration. Lower demand for natural gas and lower prices for natural gas and NGLs could result from multiple factors that affect the markets where we operate,
including: 

•

 weather conditions, such as abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively;

•

 supply of and demand for energy commodities, including any decreases in the production of natural gas which could negatively affect our processing and
transmission businesses due to lower throughput; 

•

 capacity and transmission service into, or out of, our markets; and 

•

 petrochemical demand for NGLs. 

The lack of availability of natural gas resources may cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, which could materially affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

Our natural gas businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves. Prices for natural gas,
regulatory limitations on the development of natural gas supplies, or a shift in supply sources could adversely affect development of additional reserves and production that are accessible by our pipeline, gathering, processing and distribution
assets. Lack of commercial quantities of natural gas available to these assets could cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, thereby reducing their reliance on our services, which in turn would materially affect our revenues, earnings
and cash flows. 

Investments and projects located in Canada expose us to fluctuations in currency rates that may affect
our results of operations, cash flows and compliance with debt covenants. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk
from our Canadian operations. An average 10% devaluation in the Canadian dollar exchange rate during 2012 would have resulted in an estimated net loss on the translation of 

26 

Table of Contents

local currency earnings of approximately $41 million on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, if a 10% devaluation had occurred on December 31, 2012, the Consolidated
Balance Sheet would have been negatively impacted by $676 million through a cumulative translation adjustment in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI). At December 31, 2012, one U.S. dollar translated into 0.99 Canadian dollars.

In addition, we maintain credit facilities that typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can
be outstanding as a percentage of total capital for Spectra Energy or of a specific subsidiary. Failure to maintain these covenants could preclude us from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under our revolving credit
facilities and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit agreements, which could affect cash flows or restrict business. Foreign currency fluctuations have a direct impact on
our ability to maintain certain of these financial covenants. 

Natural gas gathering and processing, NGL processing and
marketing, and market-based storage operations are subject to commodity price risk, which could result in a decrease in our earnings and reduced cash flows. 

We have gathering and processing operations that consist of contracts to buy and sell commodities, including contracts for natural gas, NGLs and other commodities that are settled by the delivery of the
commodity or cash. We are exposed to market price fluctuations of NGLs and natural gas primarily in Field Services and at Empress, and to oil primarily in our Field Services segment. The effect of commodity price fluctuations to our earnings
could be material. 

We have market-based rates for some of our storage operations and sell our storage services based on
natural gas market spreads and volatility. If natural gas market spreads or volatility deviate from historical norms or there is significant growth in the amount of storage capacity available to natural gas markets relative to demand, our approach
to managing our market-based storage contract portfolio may not protect us from significant variations in storage revenues, including possible declines, as contracts renew. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation that affects our operations and costs. 

Our U.S. assets and operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including regulation by the FERC and by various authorities under federal, state and local
environmental laws. Our natural gas assets and operations in Canada are also subject to regulation by federal, provincial and local authorities, including the NEB and the OEB, and by various federal and provincial authorities under environmental
laws. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business, including, among other things, the ability to determine terms and rates for services provided by some of our businesses, make acquisitions, construct, expand and operate facilities, issue
equity or debt securities, and pay dividends. 

In addition, regulators in both the United States and Canada have taken actions
to strengthen market forces in the gas pipeline industry, which have led to increased competition. In a number of key markets, natural gas pipeline and storage operators are facing competitive pressure from a number of new industry participants,
such as alternative suppliers, as well as traditional pipeline competitors. Increased competition driven by regulatory changes could have a material effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

Execution of our capital projects subjects us to construction risks, increases in labor and material costs, and other risks that
may affect our financial results. 

A significant portion of our growth is accomplished through the construction of new
pipelines and storage facilities as well as the expansion of existing facilities. Construction of these facilities is subject to various regulatory, development, operational and market risks, including: 

•

 the ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits by regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms and to maintain those approvals
and permits issued and satisfy the terms and conditions imposed therein; 

•

 the availability of skilled labor, equipment, and materials to complete expansion projects; 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that may prevent a project from
proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; 

•

 impediments on our ability to acquire rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the ability to construct projects within anticipated costs, including the risk of cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of
equipment, materials or labor, weather, geologic conditions or other factors beyond our control, that may be material; and 

•

 general economic factors that affect the demand for natural gas infrastructure. 

Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding, delay its completion or increase its anticipated cost. As a result, new
facilities may not achieve their expected investment return, which could affect our earnings, financial position and cash flows. 

Gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and distribution activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise affect our operations. 

There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent in natural gas gathering and processing, transmission, storage, and
distribution activities, such as leaks, explosions, mechanical problems, activities of third parties and damage to pipelines, facilities and equipment caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires and other natural disasters, that could cause
substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in significant injury, loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and impairment of operations, any of which could result in substantial losses. For
pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks could be greater. We do not
maintain insurance coverage against all of these risks and losses, and any insurance coverage we might maintain may not fully cover the damages caused by those risks and losses. Therefore, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a
material effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to pipeline safety laws
and regulations, compliance with which may require significant capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations and affect or limit our business plans. 

Our interstate pipeline operations are subject to pipeline safety regulation administered by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation.
These laws and regulations require us to comply with a significant set of requirements for the design, construction, maintenance and operation of our interstate pipelines. These regulations, among other things, include requirements to monitor and
maintain the integrity of our pipelines. The regulations determine the pressures at which our pipelines can operate. 

In 2010,
serious pipeline incidents on systems unrelated to ours focused the attention of Congress and the public on pipeline safety. Legislative proposals have been introduced in Congress that would strengthen the PHMSA’s enforcement and penalty
authority, and expand the scope of its oversight. In August 2011, PHMSA initiated an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking announcing its consideration of substantial revisions in its regulations to increase pipeline safety. PHMSA also has issued
guidance that states it will focus near-term enforcement efforts on recordkeeping and integrity management following urgent recommendations by the National Transportation Safety Board related to pipeline pressure and recordkeeping. On
January 3, 2012, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 was signed into law. This Act (the 2012 PSA Amendments) amends the Pipeline Safety Act in a number of significant ways, including: 

•

 Authorizing PHMSA to assess higher penalties for violations of its regulations, 

•

 Requiring PHMSA to adopt appropriate regulations within two years requiring the use of automatic or remote-controlled shutoff valves on new or rebuilt
pipeline facilities and to perform a study on the application of such technology to existing pipeline facilities in High Consequence Areas (HCAs), 

28 

Table of Contents

•

 Requiring operators of pipelines to verify maximum allowable operating pressure and report exceedances within five days, 

•

 Requiring PHMSA to study and report on the adequacy of soil cover requirements in HCAs, and 

•

 Requiring PHMSA to evaluate in detail whether integrity management requirements should be expanded to pipeline segments outside of HCAs (where the
requirements currently apply). 

These legislative changes, when implemented, will impose additional costs on
new pipeline projects as well as on existing operations. It is still uncertain what regulatory changes PHMSA will propose as a result of the Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, but PHMSA has begun to undertake the various requirements imposed on
it by the 2012 PSA Amendments. In this climate of increasingly stringent regulation, pipeline failures or failures to comply with applicable regulations could result in reduction of allowable operating pressures as authorized by PHMSA, which would
reduce available capacity on our pipelines. Should any of these risks materialize, it may have a material effect on our operations, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which can require significant capital expenditures,
increase our cost of operations and may affect or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental liabilities. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of our present and future operations, including air
emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. These laws and regulations generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide
variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising out of contaminated