. 

The risk factors discussed herein relate specifically to risks associated with
Spectra Energy subsequent to its spin-off from Duke Energy in January 2007. Accordingly, risks associated with operations that were distributed to Duke Energy on December 30, 2006 are not discussed in this section. 

Reductions in demand for natural gas, or low levels in the market prices of commodities affects Spectra Energy’s operations and cash flows.

Declines in demand for natural gas as a result of economic downturns in Spectra Energy’s franchised gas service territory may
reduce overall gas deliveries and reduce Spectra Energy’s cash flows, especially if its industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of gas. Spectra Energy’s gas gathering and processing businesses may experience a
decline in the volume of natural gas gathered and processed at their plants, resulting in lower revenues and cash flows, as lower economic output reduces energy demand. 

Lower demand for natural gas and lower prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids result from multiple factors that affect the markets where Spectra Energy transports, stores, distributes, gathers, and processes
natural gas including: 

•

 weather conditions, including abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively;

•

 supply of and demand for energy commodities, including any decreases in the production of natural gas which could negatively affect Spectra Energy’s processing
business due to lower throughput; 

•

 capacity and transmission service into, or out of, Spectra Energy’s markets; and 

•

 petrochemical demand for natural gas liquids. 

The lack of availability of natural gas resources may cause customers to contract with alternative suppliers, which could materially adversely affect Spectra Energy’s sales, earnings, and cash flows.

Spectra Energy’s natural gas businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves.
Prices for natural gas, regulatory limitations, or a shift in supply sources due to importing of foreign liquefied natural gas could adversely affect development of additional reserves and production that is accessible by Spectra Energy’s
pipeline, gathering, processing and distribution assets. Lack of commercial quantities of natural gas available to these assets will cause customers to contract with alternative suppliers, thereby reducing their reliance on Spectra Energy’s
services, which in turn would materially adversely affect Spectra Energy’s sales, earnings and cash flows. 

Investments and
projects located in Canada expose Spectra Energy to fluctuations in currency rates that may adversely affect cash flows and results of operations. 

Spectra Energy is exposed to foreign currency risk from investments and operations in Canada. As of December 31, 2006, a 10% devaluation in the currency exchange rate of the Canadian dollar would result in an
estimated net loss on the translation of Canadian currency earnings of approximately $25 million. The balance sheet would be negatively affected by approximately $460 million currency translation through the cumulative translation adjustment in
accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Natural gas gathering and processing operations are subject to commodity price risk which
could result in economic losses in earnings and cash flows. 

Spectra Energy has gathering and processing operations that consist of
contracts to buy and sell commodities, including contracts for natural gas, natural gas liquids and other commodities that are settled by the 

21 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

delivery of the commodity or cash. Spectra Energy’s major commodity market risk is natural gas liquids prices, due primarily to its investment in DCP
Midstream. Natural gas liquids prices historically track oil prices. At historical natural gas liquid-to-oil prices, a $1 per barrel move in oil prices would affect Spectra Energy’s pre-tax earnings from DCP Midstream by approximately $15
million. 

With respect to the Empress system, a $1 change in the difference between the Btu-equivalent price of propane (used as a proxy
for Empress’ NGL production) and the price of natural gas in Alberta, Canada (which represents theoretical gross margin for processing liquids from the gas and is commonly called the frac-spread) would affect Spectra Energy’s pre-tax
earnings by approximately $25 million. 

If prices of commodities significantly deviate from historical prices, if the price volatility or
distribution of those changes deviates from historical norms, or if the correlation between natural gas liquids and oil prices deviates from historical norms, Spectra Energy’s approach to price risk management may not protect it from
significant losses. In addition, adverse changes in energy prices may result in economic losses in earnings, cash flows and the balance sheet. 

Spectra Energy’s business is subject to extensive regulation that affects operations and costs. 

Spectra
Energy’s U.S. assets and operations are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities, including regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and by various authorities under federal, state and local environmental
laws. The majority of Spectra Energy’s Canadian natural gas assets are subject to federal and provincial regulation including the National Energy Board and the Ontario Energy Board and likewise by federal and provincial environmental laws.
Regulation affects almost every aspect of Spectra Energy’s business, including, among other things, the ability to determine terms and rates for services provided by some of its businesses; make acquisitions, issue equity or debt securities;
and pay dividends. 

In addition, regulators have taken actions to strengthen market forces in the gas pipeline industry, which have led to
increased competition. In a number of key markets, interstate pipelines are facing competitive pressure from a number of new industry participants, such as alternative suppliers as well as traditional pipeline competitors. Increased competition
driven by regulatory changes could have a material impact on Spectra Energy’s business, financial condition and operating results. 

Transmission and storage, distribution, and gathering and processing activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise affect operations. 

There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent in natural gas transmission and storage, distribution, and gathering and processing
activities, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems that could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, and impairment of
operations, any of which could result in substantial losses to Spectra Energy. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas,
the level of damage resulting from these risks could be greater. Spectra Energy does not maintain insurance coverage against all of these risks and losses, and any insurance coverage it might maintain may not fully cover the damages caused by those
risks and losses for which it does maintain insurance. Therefore, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on Spectra Energy’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Spectra Energy is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which requires significant capital expenditures, can
increase cost of operations, and may affect or limit business plans, or expose Spectra Energy to environmental liabilities. 

Spectra Energy is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. These laws
and regulations can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs. These laws and regulations generally require Spectra Energy to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals.
Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can 

22 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

require significant expenditures, including expenditures for clean up costs and damages arising out of contaminated properties, and failure to comply with
environmental regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting operating assets. Spectra Energy may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for
its operating assets or development projects. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, if Spectra Energy fails to obtain and comply with them or if environmental laws or regulations change and become more
stringent, the operation of facilities or the development of new facilities could be prevented, delayed or become subject to additional costs. No assurance can be made that the costs that will be incurred to comply with environmental regulations in
the future will not have a material effect. 

Spectra Energy’s Canadian businesses may be subject to the Kyoto Protocol. If Canada does
implement a program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, Spectra Energy may be obligated to reduce emissions and/or purchase emission credits. Due to the substantial uncertainty regarding what plan, if any, Canada will implement and whether this plan
will apply to Spectra Energy’s facilities, Spectra Energy cannot estimate the potential effect of greenhouse gas regulation in Canada on business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Spectra Energy is involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcome of which are uncertain, and resolution adverse to Spectra Energy could
negatively affect cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. 

Spectra Energy is subject to numerous legal
proceedings. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and Spectra Energy cannot predict the outcome of individual matters with assurance. It is reasonably possible that the final resolution of some of the matters in which Spectra Energy is
involved could require additional expenditures, in excess of established reserves, over an extended period of time and in a range of amounts that could have a material effect on cash flows and results of operations. 

Spectra Energy relies on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets to finance capital requirements and support liquidity
needs, and access to those markets can be adversely affected, which could adversely affect cash flows or restrict businesses. 

Spectra Energy’s business is financed to a large degree through debt. The maturity and repayment profile of debt used to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from assets. Accordingly, Spectra Energy relies on
access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from operations and to fund investments originally financed through debt. If Spectra Energy is
not able to access capital at competitive rates, its ability to finance operations and implement its strategy may be adversely affected. Restrictions on Spectra Energy’s ability to access financial markets may also affect its ability to execute
its business plan as scheduled. An inability to access capital may limit Spectra Energy’s ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that it may otherwise rely on for future growth. 

Spectra Energy maintains revolving credit facilities to provide back-up for commercial paper programs and/or letters of credit at various entities. These
facilities typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of the total capital for the specific entity. Failure to maintain these covenants at a particular entity could preclude that
entity from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under the revolving credit facility and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit agreements which could
adversely affect cash flow or restrict businesses. 

Spectra Energy may be unable to secure long-term transportation agreements, which
could expose transportation volumes and revenues to increased volatility. 

In the future, Spectra Energy may be unable to secure
long-term transportation agreements for its gas transmission business as a result of economic factors, lack of commercial gas supply to its systems, increased competition, or changes in regulation. Without long-term transportation agreements,
Spectra Energy’s revenues and contract volumes will be exposed to increased volatility and Spectra Energy cannot provide assurance that its pipelines will be utilized at similar levels or operate profitably. The inability to secure these
agreements would materially adversely affect business, financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Native land claims have been asserted in British Columbia and Alberta which could affect future
access to public lands, the success of which claims could have a significant adverse affect on Spectra Energy’s natural gas production and processing. 

Certain aboriginal groups have claimed aboriginal and treaty rights over a substantial portion of public lands on which Spectra Energy’s facilities in British Columbia and Alberta, and the gas supply areas served
by those facilities, are located. The existence of these claims, which range from the assertion of rights of limited use to aboriginal title, has given rise to some uncertainty regarding access to public lands for future development purposes. Such
claims, if successful, could have a significant adverse effect on natural gas production in British Columbia and Alberta which could have a material adverse effect on the volume of natural gas processed at Spectra Energy’s facilities and of
natural gas liquids and other products transported in the associated pipelines. Spectra Energy cannot predict the outcome of these claims or the impact they may ultimately have on business and operations. 

If Spectra Energy or its rated subsidiaries are unable to maintain an investment grade credit rating, liquidity may be adversely affected and the
cost of borrowing may increase. Spectra Energy cannot be sure that Spectra Energy or its rated subsidiaries will obtain or maintain investment grade credit ratings. 

Spectra Energy’s senior unsecured long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by various rating agencies. If the rating agencies were to rate
Spectra Energy or its rated subsidiaries below investment grade, such entity’s borrowing costs would increase, perhaps significantly. In addition, the entity would likely be required to pay a higher interest rate in future financings, and its
potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease. Furthermore, if Spectra Energy’s short-term debt rating were to be below tier 2 (e.g. A-2/P-2, S&P and Moody’s respectively), access to the commercial paper market
could be significantly limited. There are requirements for Spectra Energy to post collateral or a letter of credit if its S&P credit rating falls below BBB—. Any downgrade or other event negatively affecting the credit ratings of Spectra
Energy’s subsidiaries could make their costs of borrowing higher or access to funding sources more limited, which in turn could increase Spectra Energy’s need to provide liquidity in the form of capital contributions or loans to such
subsidiaries, thus reducing the liquidity and borrowing availability of the consolidated group. 

Protecting against potential
terrorist activities requires significant capital expenditures and a successful terrorist attack could adversely affect Spectra Energy’s business. 

Future acts of terrorism and any possible reprisals as a consequence of any action by the United States and its allies could be directed against companies operating in the United States. This risk is particularly
great for companies, like Spectra Energy, operating in any energy infrastructure industry that handles volatile gaseous and liquid hydrocarbons. The potential for terrorism has subjected Spectra Energy’s operations to increased risks that could
have a material adverse effect on business. In particular, Spectra Energy may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its facilities and pipelines, such as additional physical facility and pipeline
security and additional security personnel. Moreover, any physical damage to high profile facilities resulting from acts of terrorism may not be covered, or covered fully, by insurance. Spectra Energy may be required to expend material amounts of
capital to repair any facilities, the expenditure of which could adversely affect cash flow and business. 

Due to proposed or
potential changes in Canadian tax laws, Spectra Energy may not be able to fully realize its goal of utilizing tax-efficient structures to improve its cost of capital, optimize returns on assets, and finance portfolio growth. 

Spectra Energy’s business strategy includes utilizing tax-efficient structures, such as master limited partnerships (MLP) and Canadian income
trusts. On October 31, 2006, the Minister of Finance of Canada announced proposed changes to the income tax treatment of “flow-through entities,” including income trusts. If the proposal is implemented in its current form, income
trusts will be subject to tax at corporate rates on the taxable portion of their distributions. Further, unitholders will be treated as if they have received a dividend equal to the taxable portion of their distributions, and will be taxed
accordingly. These proposed changes will generally apply beginning in the 2007 taxation year for trusts that begin to be publicly-traded after October 2006, but would only apply beginning with the 2011 taxation year to those income trusts, such as
the Income Fund, that were already publicly traded at the time of the announcement. While the proposed Canadian changes have not yet 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

been implemented, such changes could have an adverse effect on Spectra Energy’s ability to fully implement its business strategy which may affect its
access to capital and the ability to maximize returns on the assets it might hold, and result in an inability to finance portfolio growth through the use of this vehicle. 

Risks Relating to the Separation of Spectra Energy from Duke Energy 

Spectra Energy may be
unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that it expects to achieve from the separation from Duke Energy. 

Spectra Energy may
not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that it expects will result from the separation from Duke Energy or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all. 

•

 Prior to the separation, Spectra Energy’s business was operated by Duke Energy as part of its broader corporate organization. Duke Energy or its affiliates
performed various corporate functions for Spectra Energy, including, but not limited to, accounts payable, cash management, treasury, tax administration, certain governance functions (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
internal audit) and external reporting. Spectra Energy’s historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Duke Energy for these and similar functions. These allocations may be more or less than Spectra Energy may
incur in the future. 

•

 Spectra Energy’s business was integrated with the other businesses of Duke Energy. Historically, Spectra Energy shared economies of scope and scale in costs,
employees, vendor relationships and certain customer relationships with Duke Energy. The Transition Services Agreement entered into with Duke Energy may not capture the benefits Spectra Energy’s businesses have enjoyed as a result of having
been integrated with the other businesses of Duke Energy. The loss of these benefits may have an adverse effect on business, results of operations and financial condition following the separation. 

•

 Future borrowing costs for Spectra Energy’s business may be higher than Duke Energy’s borrowing costs prior to the separation.

•

 Other significant changes may occur in Spectra Energy’s cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating within Spectra
Energy as a company separate from Duke Energy. 

Spectra Energy may be unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective
basis, the changes necessary to operate as a separate, publicly-traded company, and Spectra Energy may experience increased costs as a result of the separation. 

Following the separation, Duke Energy is contractually obligated to provide to Spectra Energy and its subsidiaries only those services specified in the Transition Services Agreement and other agreements entered into
with Duke Energy in connection with the separation. Spectra Energy may be unable to replace in a timely manner or on comparable terms, the services that Duke Energy previously provided that are not specified in the Transition Services Agreement or
the other agreements. Also, upon the expiration of the Transition Services Agreement or other agreements, many of the services that are covered in such agreements will be provided internally or by unaffiliated third parties, and Spectra Energy
expects that in some instances it may incur higher costs to obtain such services than it incurred under the terms of such agreements. In addition, if Duke Energy does not continue to perform effectively the transition services and the other services
that are called for under the Transition Services Agreement and the other agreements, Spectra Energy may not be able to operate its business effectively and profitability may decline. 

Spectra Energy’s agreements with Duke Energy may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm’s-length negotiations among
unaffiliated third parties. 

The agreements related to the separation from Duke Energy were prepared in the context of the
separation from Duke Energy while Spectra Energy was still part of Duke Energy and, accordingly, may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm’s-length negotiations among unaffiliated third parties. The terms of the agreements were
prepared in the context of the separation related to, among other things, allocation of assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications and other obligations between Duke Energy and Spectra Energy. 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Spectra Energy will be responsible for certain contingent and other corporate liabilities related
to the natural gas transmission and storage, distribution, and gathering and processing businesses of Duke Energy. 

Under the
Separation and Distribution Agreement and Tax Matters Agreement, Spectra Energy will assume and be responsible for certain contingent and other corporate liabilities related to the natural gas transmission and storage, distribution, and gathering
and processing businesses of Duke Energy (including associated costs and expenses, whether arising prior to, at, or after the distribution) and Spectra Energy may be required to indemnify Duke Energy for these liabilities which may have a material
effect on financial condition and results of operations. In addition, Spectra Energy may also be responsible for sharing unknown liabilities that do not relate to either its business following the separation or the business of Duke Energy following
the separation (for example, liabilities associated with certain corporate activities not specifically attributable to either business). 

Spectra Energy’s executive officers and some of its directors may have or may hold Duke Energy equity awards which may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. 

Because of their current or former positions with Duke Energy, substantially all of the Spectra Energy directors and executive officers own shares of
Duke Energy common stock, options to purchase shares of Duke Energy common stock or other equity awards based on Duke Energy common stock. Upon Duke Energy’s distribution of all of Spectra Energy’s shares of common stock to Duke Energy
shareholders, these options and other equity awards were converted into options and other equity awards based in part on Duke Energy common stock and in part on Spectra Energy common stock. Accordingly, following Duke Energy’s distribution of
Spectra Energy to shareholders, these officers and non-employee directors will own shares of both Duke Energy and Spectra Energy common stock and/or hold options to purchase common stock and other equity awards based on shares of common stock of
both Duke Energy and Spectra Energy. The individual holdings of common stock, options to purchase common stock and other equity awards based on common stock of Duke Energy may be significant for some of these persons compared to these persons’
total assets. Even though Spectra Energy’s board of directors include directors who are independent from Duke Energy, Spectra Energy’s executive officers were previously employees of Duke Energy. Ownership by those directors and officers
of common stock, options to purchase common stock and other equity awards based on common stock of Duke Energy may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when those directors and officers are faced with decisions that could
have different implications for Duke Energy than the decisions do for Spectra Energy.

Spectra Energy might not be able to engage in
desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances following the distribution. 

To preserve the tax-free treatment to Duke
Energy of the distribution, under the Tax Matters agreement that Spectra Energy entered into with Duke Energy, for the two year period following the distribution, Spectra Energy may be prohibited, except in specified circumstances, from issuing
equity securities to satisfy financing needs, acquiring businesses or assets with equity securities, or engaging in other actions or transactions that could jeopardize the tax-free status of the distribution. These restrictions may limit Spectra
Energy’s ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of its business. 

Risks Relating to Spectra Energy’s Common Stock 

Substantial sales of Spectra Energy’s common stock may
occur in connection with its spin-off from Duke Energy, which could cause its stock price to decline. 

It is possible that some
shareholders of Duke Energy that received shares of Spectra Energy common stock in the spin-off transaction, including possibly some of Spectra Energy’s largest shareholders, may sell their shares of Spectra Energy common stock for reasons
such as that Spectra Energy’s business profile or market capitalization as a separate, publicly-traded company does not fit their investment objectives. The sales of significant amounts of Spectra Energy common stock or the perception in the
market that this will occur may result in the lowering of the market price of Spectra Energy’s common stock. 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Provisions in Spectra Energy’s certificate of incorporation, by-laws and of Delaware law may
prevent or delay an acquisition of the company, which could decrease the trading price of Spectra Energy common stock. 

Spectra
Energy’s certificate of incorporation, by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to
encourage prospective acquirors to negotiate with its board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 

•

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 inability of Spectra Energy’s shareholders to act by written consent; 

•

 rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 

•

 the right of Spectra Energy’s board of directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 

•

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors. 

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between Spectra Energy and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. 

Spectra Energy believes these provisions are important for a new public company and protect its shareholders from coercive or otherwise potentially
unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with its board of directors and by providing the board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make Spectra Energy
immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that Spectra Energy’s board of directors determines is not in the best
interests of the company and its shareholders. 

Although Spectra Energy currently anticipates paying dividends, there cannot be any
assurance that dividends will be paid in the future. 

Currently, Spectra Energy anticipates paying dividends of approximately 60%
of its anticipated annual net income per share of common stock. However, there can be no assurance that Spectra Energy will have sufficient surplus under Delaware law to be able to pay dividends in future periods. This may result from extraordinary
cash expenses, actual expenses exceeding contemplated costs, funding of capital expenditures, or increases in reserves. The declaration and payment of dividends by Spectra Energy will be subject to the sole discretion of its board of directors and
will depend upon many factors, including its financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of its debt obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors
deemed relevant by its board of directors. If Spectra Energy does not pay dividends, the price of its common stock may decline.