. 

Discussed below are the more significant risk factors relating to Spectra Energy. 

Reductions in demand for natural gas and low market prices of commodities adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

Our regulated businesses are generally economically stable and are not significantly affected in the short-term by changing
commodity prices. However, all of our businesses can be negatively affected in the long term by sustained downturns in the economy or long-term conservation efforts, which could affect long-term demand and market prices for natural gas and
NGLs, all of which are beyond our control and could impair the ability to meet long-term goals. 

Most of our revenues are
based on regulated tariff rates, which include the recovery of certain fuel costs. However, lower overall economic output would cause a decline in the volume of natural gas transported and distributed or gathered and processed at our plants,
resulting in lower earnings and cash flows. This decline would primarily affect distribution revenues in the short term. Transmission revenues could be affected by long-term economic declines that result in the non-renewal of long-term
contracts at the time of expiration. Lower demand for natural gas and lower prices for natural gas and NGLs could result from multiple factors that affect the markets where we operate, including: 

•

 weather conditions, including abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively;

•

 supply of and demand for energy commodities, including any decreases in the production of natural gas which could negatively affect our processing
business due to lower throughput; 

•

 capacity and transmission service into or out of our markets; and 

•

 petrochemical demand for NGLs. 

The lack of availability of natural gas resources may cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

Our natural gas businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves. Prices for
natural gas, regulatory limitations, or a shift in supply sources could adversely affect development of additional reserves and production that are accessible by our pipeline, gathering, processing and distribution assets. Lack of commercial
quantities of natural gas available to these assets could cause customers

24 

to seek alternative energy resources, thereby reducing their reliance on our services, which in turn would materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

Investments and projects located in Canada expose us to fluctuations in currency rates that may adversely affect our results of
operations, cash flows and compliance with debt covenants. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk from investments
and operations in Canada. An average 10% devaluation in the Canadian dollar exchange rate during 2009 would have resulted in an estimated net loss on the translation of local currency earnings of approximately $35 million on our Consolidated
Statement of Operations. In addition, if a 10% devaluation had occurred on December 31, 2009, the Consolidated Balance Sheet would be negatively impacted by $518 million through a cumulative translation adjustment in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI). At December 31, 2009, one U.S. dollar translated into 1.05 Canadian dollars. 

In addition,
we maintain credit facilities that typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of total capital for Spectra Energy or of a specific subsidiary. Failure to maintain these covenants
could preclude us from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under our revolving credit facilities and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit agreements,
which could adversely affect cash flow or restrict business. Foreign currency fluctuations have a direct impact on our ability to maintain certain of these financial covenants. 

Natural gas gathering and processing operations are subject to commodity price risk, which could result in a decrease in our earnings
and reduced cash flows. 

We have gathering and processing operations that consist of contracts to buy and sell
commodities, including contracts for natural gas, NGLs and other commodities that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. We are primarily exposed to market price fluctuations of NGL prices in our Field Services segment and to
frac-spreads in the Empress operations in Canada. Since NGL prices have historically been correlated with crude oil prices, we disclose our NGL price sensitivities in terms of crude oil price changes. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of
December 31, 2009, at our forecasted NGL-to-oil price relationships, a $10 per barrel move in oil prices would affect our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $100 million in 2010 ($90 million from Field Services and $10 million from U.S.
Transmission). Assuming crude oil prices average approximately $80 per barrel, each 1% change in the price relationship between NGLs and crude oil would change our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $10 million. At crude oil prices above $80
per barrel, the impact of a 1% change in the NGL-to-oil price relationship would increase, and at crude oil prices below $80 per barrel, the impact of a 1% change in the NGL-to-oil price relationship would decrease. 

With respect to the frac-spread risk related to Empress processing and NGL marketing activities in western Canada, as of December 31,
2009, a $0.50 change in the difference between the Btu-equivalent price of propane (used as a proxy for Empress’ NGL production) and the price of natural gas in Alberta, Canada would affect our pre-tax earnings by approximately $12 million on
an annual basis in 2010. 

These hypothetical calculations consider estimated production levels, but do not consider other
potential effects that might result from such changes in commodity prices. The actual effect of commodity price changes on our earnings could be significantly different than these estimates. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation that affects our operations and costs. 

Our U.S. assets and operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including regulation by the FERC
and by various authorities under federal, state and local environmental laws. Our natural gas assets and operations in Canada are also subject to regulation by federal, provincial and local authorities including the NEB and the OEB and by various
federal and provincial authorities under

25 

environmental laws. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business, including, among other things, the ability to determine terms and rates for services provided by some of our
businesses, make acquisitions, construct, expand and operate facilities, issue equity or debt securities, and pay dividends. 

In addition, regulators in both the U.S. and Canada have taken actions to strengthen market forces in the gas pipeline industry, which have led to increased competition. In a number of key markets, natural gas pipeline and storage operators
are facing competitive pressure from a number of new industry participants, such as alternative suppliers as well as traditional pipeline competitors. Increased competition driven by regulatory changes could have a material effect on our business,
earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

Execution of our capital projects subjects us to construction risks,
increases in labor and material costs and other risks that may adversely affect our financial results. 

A significant
portion of our growth is accomplished through the construction of new pipelines and storage facilities as well as the expansion of existing facilities. Construction of these facilities is subject to various regulatory, development, operational and
market risks, including: 

•

 the ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits by regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the availability of skilled labor, equipment, and materials to complete expansion projects; 

•

 potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or
increase the anticipated cost of the project; 

•

 impediments on our ability to acquire rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the ability to construct projects within anticipated costs, including the risk of cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of
equipment, materials or labor, weather, geologic conditions or other factors beyond our control, that may be material; and 

•

 general economic factors that affect the demand for natural gas infrastructure. 

Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding, delay its completion or increase its anticipated costs. As a result, new
facilities may not achieve their expected investment return, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and distribution activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise affect our operations. 

There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent in natural gas gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and
distribution activities, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems that could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in significant injury, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental
pollution and impairment of operations, any of which could result in substantial losses. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public
gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks could be greater. We do not maintain insurance coverage against all of these risks and losses, and any insurance coverage we might maintain may not fully cover the damages caused by
those risks and losses. Therefore, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

26 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which
requires significant capital expenditures, can increase our cost of operations, and may affect or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental liabilities. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of our present and future operations, including air
emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. These laws and regulations generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide
variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising out of contaminated