. 

Discussed below are the material risk factors relating to Spectra Energy. 

Reductions in demand for natural gas and low market prices of commodities adversely affect our operations and cash flows.

Our regulated businesses are generally economically stable and are not significantly affected in the short-term by
changing commodity prices. However, all of our businesses can be negatively affected in the long term by sustained downturns in the economy or long-term conservation efforts, which could affect long-term demand and market prices for natural gas
and NGLs, all of which are beyond our control and could impair the ability to meet long-term goals. 

Most of our revenues are
based on regulated tariff rates, which include the recovery of certain fuel costs. However, lower overall economic output would cause a decline in the volume of natural gas transported and distributed or gathered and processed at our plants,
resulting in lower earnings and cash flows. This decline would primarily affect distribution revenues in the short term. Transmission revenues could be affected by long-term economic declines that result in the non-renewal of long-term
contracts at the time of expiration. Lower demand for natural gas and lower prices for natural gas and NGLs could result from multiple factors that affect the markets where we operate, including: 

•

 weather conditions, such as abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively;

•

 supply of and demand for energy commodities, including any decreases in the production of natural gas which could negatively affect our processing
business due to lower throughput; 

•

 capacity and transmission service into or out of our markets; and 

•

 petrochemical demand for NGLs. 

The lack of availability of natural gas resources may cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.

Our natural gas businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves. Prices
for natural gas, regulatory limitations, or a shift in supply sources could adversely affect development of additional reserves and production that are accessible by our pipeline, gathering, processing and distribution assets. Lack of commercial
quantities of natural gas available to these assets could cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, thereby reducing their reliance on our services, which in turn would materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Investments and projects located in Canada expose us to fluctuations in currency rates
that may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and compliance with debt covenants. 

We are exposed to
foreign currency risk from our Canadian operations. An average 10% devaluation in the Canadian dollar exchange rate during 2010 would have resulted in an estimated net loss on the translation of local currency earnings of approximately $48 million
on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, if a 10% devaluation had occurred on December 31, 2010, the Consolidated Balance Sheet would have been negatively impacted by $595 million through a cumulative translation adjustment in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI). At December 31, 2010, one U.S. dollar translated into one Canadian dollar. 

In addition, we maintain credit facilities that typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be
outstanding as a percentage of total capital for Spectra Energy or of a specific subsidiary. Failure to maintain these covenants could preclude us from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under our revolving credit facilities
and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit agreements, which could adversely affect cash flows or restrict business. Foreign currency fluctuations have a direct impact on our
ability to maintain certain of these financial covenants. 

Natural gas gathering and processing operations are subject
to commodity price risk, which could result in a decrease in our earnings and reduced cash flows. 

We have gathering
and processing operations that consist of contracts to buy and sell commodities, including contracts for natural gas, NGLs and other commodities that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. We are exposed to market price fluctuations
of NGLs, natural gas and oil primarily in our Field Services segment. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2010, a 10¢ per-gallon move in NGL prices would affect our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $65
million in 2011, primarily from Field Services. For the same period, a 50¢ per-million-British-thermal-units (MMbtu) move in natural gas prices would affect our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $15 million and a $10 per-barrel move
in oil prices would affect our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $25 million.

These hypothetical calculations consider
estimated production levels, but do not consider other potential effects that might result from such changes in commodity prices. The actual effects of commodity price changes on our earnings could be significantly different than these estimates.

Our business is subject to extensive regulation that affects our operations and costs. 

Our U.S. assets and operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including regulation by the
FERC and by various authorities under federal, state and local environmental laws. Our natural gas assets and operations in Canada are also subject to regulation by federal, provincial and local authorities, including the NEB and the OEB, and by
various federal and provincial authorities under environmental laws. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business, including, among other things, the ability to determine terms and rates for services provided by some of our businesses,
make acquisitions, construct, expand and operate facilities, issue equity or debt securities, and pay dividends. 

In addition,
regulators in both the United States and Canada have taken actions to strengthen market forces in the gas pipeline industry, which have led to increased competition. In a number of key markets, natural gas pipeline and storage operators are facing
competitive pressure from a number of new industry participants, such as alternative suppliers, as well as traditional pipeline competitors. Increased competition driven by regulatory changes could have a material effect on our business, earnings,
financial condition and cash flows. 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Execution of our capital projects subjects us to construction risks, increases in
labor and material costs, and other risks that may adversely affect our financial results. 

A significant portion of
our growth is accomplished through the construction of new pipelines and storage facilities as well as the expansion of existing facilities. Construction of these facilities is subject to various regulatory, development, operational and market
risks, including: 

•

 the ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits by regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the availability of skilled labor, equipment, and materials to complete expansion projects; 

•

 potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that may prevent a project from
proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; 

•

 impediments on our ability to acquire rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the ability to construct projects within anticipated costs, including the risk of cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of
equipment, materials or labor, weather, geologic conditions or other factors beyond our control, that may be material; and 

•

 general economic factors that affect the demand for natural gas infrastructure. 

Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding, delay its completion or increase its anticipated cost. As a result, new
facilities may not achieve their expected investment return, which could adversely affect our earnings, financial position and cash flows. 

Gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and distribution activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise affect our operations. 

There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent in natural gas gathering and processing, transmission, storage, and
distribution activities, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems that could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in significant injury, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental
pollution and impairment of operations, any of which could result in substantial losses. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public
gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks could be greater. We do not maintain insurance coverage against all of these risks and losses, and any insurance coverage we might maintain may not fully cover the damages caused by
those risks and losses. Therefore, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to pipeline safety laws and regulations, compliance with which can require significant capital expenditures, can
increase our cost of operations and may affect or limit our business plans.

Our interstate pipeline operations are
subject to pipeline safety regulation administered by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (the PHMSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation. These laws and regulations require us to comply with a significant set of
requirements for the design, construction, maintenance and operation of our interstate pipelines. These regulations, among other things, include requirements to monitor and maintain the integrity of our pipelines. The regulations determine the
pressures at which our pipelines can operate. Pipeline failures or failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in reduction of allowable operating pressures as authorized by the PHMSA, which would reduce available capacity on our
pipelines. Should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which
can require significant capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations and may affect or limit our business plans, or expose us to environmental liabilities. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of our present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and
hazardous waste. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. These laws and regulations generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and
other approvals. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising out of contaminated properties, and failure to comply with environmental
regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting our operating assets. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations or the enactment of new environmental laws or regulations could result in
a material increase in our cost of compliance with such laws and regulations. We may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for our operating assets or development projects. If there is a
delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, if we fail to obtain or comply with them or if environmental laws or regulations change or are administered in a more stringent manner, the operations of facilities or the
development of new facilities could be prevented, delayed or become subject to additional costs. No assurance can be made that the costs that may be incurred to comply with environmental regulations in the future will not have a material adverse
effect on our earnings and cash flows. 

The enactment of future climate change legislation could result in increased
operating costs and delays in obtaining necessary permits for our capital projects. 

The current international climate
framework, the United Nations-sponsored Kyoto Protocol, prescribes specific targets to reduce GHG emissions for developed countries for the 2008-2012 period. The Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012 and has not been signed by the United States.
United Nations-sponsored international negotiations were held in Cancun, Mexico in December 2010 with the intent of defining a future agreement for 2012 and beyond. While the talks resulted in a limited political agreement, to date, a binding
successor accord to the Kyoto Protocol has not been realized. 

While Canada is a signatory to the Kyoto Protocol,
the Canadian federal government has confirmed it will not achieve the targets within the timeframes specified. Instead, the government in 2008 outlined a regulatory framework mandating GHG reductions from large final emitters.
Regulatory design details from the Government of Canada remain forthcoming. We expect a number of our assets and operations in Canada will be affected by future federal climate change regulations. However, the materiality of any potential compliance
costs is unknown at this time as the final form of the regulation and compliance options has yet to be determined by policymakers. 

In the United States, climate change action is evolving at state, regional and federal levels. We expect that some of our assets and operations in the United States could be affected either directly or
indirectly by eventual mandatory GHG programs; however, the timing and specific policy objectives in many jurisdictions, including at the federal level, remain uncertain. In addition, a number of Canadian provinces and U.S. states have joined
regional greenhouse gas initiatives, and a number are developing their own programs that would mandate reductions in GHG emissions. However, as the key details of future GHG restrictions and compliance mechanisms remain undefined, the likely future
effects on our business are highly uncertain. 

The EPA finalized a Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V
Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule in 2009 to address how GHG emissions would be regulated under the existing Clean Air Act. Regulation is scheduled to begin in 2011, and over time, certain existing Spectra Energy U.S. facilities will be subject to this
regulation. Some new construction and modification projects in the future may be subject to this regulation as well. At this time, it is not anticipated that the costs will be material; however, many implementation details are

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

still unknown. There may be additional permitting requirements which may result in delays in completing capital projects. In addition, several legislative proposals that would impose GHG
emissions constraints have been considered by the U.S. Congress. To date, no such legislation has been enacted into law. 

Due
to the speculative outlook regarding any U.S. federal and state policies and the uncertainty of the Canadian federal and provincial policies, we cannot estimate the potential effect of proposed GHG policies on our future consolidated results of
operations, financial position or cash flows. However, such legislation or regulation could materially increase our operating costs, require material capital expenditures or create additional permitting, which could delay proposed construction
projects. 

We are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcome of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to
us could negatively affect our earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to numerous legal
proceedings. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of individual matters with assurance. It is reasonably possible that the final resolution of some of the matters in which we are involved could require
additional expenditures, in excess of established reserves, over an extended period of time and in a range of amounts that could have a material effect on our earnings and cash flows. 

We rely on access to short-term and long-term capital markets to finance capital requirements and support liquidity needs, and
access to those markets can be adversely affected, particularly if we or our rated subsidiaries are unable to maintain an investment-grade credit rating, which could adversely affect our cash flows or restrict business. 

Our business is financed to a large degree through debt. The maturity and repayment profile of debt used to finance investments often
does not correlate to cash flows from assets. Accordingly, we rely on access to both short-term and long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flows from operations and to fund investments
originally financed through debt. Our senior unsecured long-term debt is currently rated investment-grade by various rating agencies. If the rating agencies were to rate us or our rated subsidiaries below investment-grade, our borrowing costs would
increase, perhaps significantly. In addition, we would likely be required to pay a higher interest rate in future financings and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. 

We maintain revolving credit facilities to provide back-up for commercial paper programs for borrowings and/or letters of credit at
various entities. These facilities typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of the total capital for the specific entity. Failure to maintain these covenants at a particular entity
could preclude that entity from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under the revolving credit facility and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit
agreements, which could adversely affect cash flows or restrict business. Furthermore, if our short-term debt rating were to be below tier 2 (for example, A-2 for Standard and Poor’s and P-2 for Moody’s Investor Service), access to the
commercial paper market could be significantly limited. Although this would not affect our ability to draw under our credit facilities, borrowing costs could be significantly higher. 

If we are not able to access capital at competitive rates, our ability to finance operations and implement our strategy may be adversely
affected. Restrictions on our ability to access financial markets may also affect our ability to execute our business plan as scheduled. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may
otherwise rely on for future growth. Any downgrade or other event negatively affecting the credit ratings of our subsidiaries could make their costs of borrowing higher or access to funding sources more limited, which in turn could increase our need
to provide liquidity in the form of capital contributions or loans to such subsidiaries, thus reducing the liquidity and borrowing availability of the consolidated group. 

28 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We may be unable to secure renewals of long-term transportation agreements, which
could expose our transportation volumes and revenues to increased volatility. 

We may be unable to secure renewals of
long-term transportation agreements in the future for our natural gas transmission business as a result of economic factors, lack of commercial gas supply available to our systems, changing gas supply flow patterns in North America, increased
competition or changes in regulation. Without long-term transportation agreements, our revenues and contract volumes would be exposed to increased volatility. The inability to secure these agreements would materially adversely affect our business,
earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers. 

We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers in the ordinary course of our business. Generally, our customers are rated
investment-grade, are otherwise considered creditworthy or provide us security to satisfy credit concerns. Approximately 90% of our credit exposures for transportation, storage, and gathering and processing services are with customers who have an
investment-grade rating (or the equivalent based on our evaluation) or are secured by collateral. However, we cannot predict to what extent our business would be impacted by deteriorating conditions in the economy, including possible declines in our
customers’ creditworthiness. As a result of future capital projects for which natural gas producers may be the primary customer, the percentage of our customers who are rated investment-grade may decline. While we monitor these situations
carefully and take appropriate measures when deemed necessary, it is possible that customer payment defaults, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows. 

Market-based natural gas storage operations are subject to commodity price volatility, which could result in variability in our
earnings and cash flows. 

We have market-based rates for some of our storage operations and sell our storage services
based on natural gas market spreads and volatility. If natural gas market spreads or volatility deviate from historical norms or there is significant growth in the amount of storage capacity available to natural gas markets relative to demand, our
approach to managing our market-based storage contract portfolio may not protect us from significant variations in storage revenues as contracts renew. 

Native land claims have been asserted in British Columbia and Alberta, which could affect future access to public lands, and the success of these claims could have a significant adverse effect on
natural gas production and processing. 

Certain aboriginal groups have claimed aboriginal and treaty rights over a
substantial portion of public lands on which our facilities in British Columbia and Alberta, and the gas supply areas served by those facilities, are located. The existence of these claims, which range from the assertion of rights of limited use to
aboriginal title, has given rise to some uncertainty regarding access to public lands for future development purposes. Such claims, if successful, could have a significant adverse effect on natural gas production in British Columbia and Alberta,
which could have a material adverse effect on the volume of natural gas processed at our facilities and of NGLs and other products transported in the associated pipelines. In addition, certain aboriginal groups in Ontario have claimed aboriginal and
treaty rights in areas where Union Gas’ Dawn storage and transmission assets are located and also in areas where the Dawn-Trafalgar pipeline route is located. The existence of these claims could give rise to future uncertainty regarding land
tenure depending upon their negotiated outcomes. We cannot predict the outcome of any of these claims or the effect they may ultimately have on our business and operations. 

Protecting against potential terrorist activities requires significant capital expenditures and a successful terrorist attack could adversely affect our business. 

Acts of terrorism and any possible reprisals as a consequence of any action by the United States and its allies could be directed against
companies operating in the United States. This risk is particularly great for 

29 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

companies, like ours, operating in any energy infrastructure industry that handles volatile gaseous and liquid hydrocarbons. The potential for terrorism, including cyber-terrorism, has subjected
our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, we may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for our facilities and pipelines, such as additional
physical facility and pipeline security, and additional security personnel. Moreover, any physical damage to high profile facilities resulting from acts of terrorism may not be covered, or covered fully, by insurance. We may be required to expend
material amounts of capital to repair any facilities, the expenditure of which could adversely affect our business and cash flows. 

Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks may make certain types of insurance more difficult for us to obtain. Moreover, the insurance that may be available to us may be
significantly more expensive than our existing insurance coverage. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war could also affect our ability to raise capital. 

Poor investment performance of our pension plan holdings and other factors affecting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect
our earnings, financial position and liquidity. 

Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent
upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates used to measure pension liabilities, actuarial gains and losses, future government regulation and our contributions made to the plans. Without sustained growth in
the pension plan investments over time to increase the value of our plan assets, and depending upon the other factors impacting our costs as listed above, we could experience net asset, expense and funding volatility. This volatility could have a
material effect on our earnings and cash flows.