.

 Discussed below are the more significant risk factors relating
 to Spectra Energy Partners.

 Risks
 Related to Spectra Energy Partners’ Business

 Spectra
 Energy Partners may not have sufficient cash from operations to
 enable it to make cash distributions to holders of common and
 subordinated units.

 In order to make cash distributions at the minimum distribution
 rate of $0.30 per common unit per complete quarter, or $1.20 per
 unit per year, it will require Available Cash of approximately
 $20.3 million per quarter, or $81.2 million per year,
 depending on the actual number of common units and subordinated
 units outstanding. Spectra Energy Partners may not have
 sufficient Available Cash from operating surplus each quarter to
 enable it to make cash distributions at the minimum distribution
 rate. The amount of cash Spectra Energy Partners can distribute
 on its units principally depends upon the amount of cash it
 generates from operations, which will fluctuate based on, among
 other things:

 • 

 the rates charged for transportation and storage services, and
 the volumes of natural gas customers transport and store;

 • 

 the overall demand for natural gas in the Southeastern and
 Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and the quantities of
 natural gas available for transport, especially from the Gulf of
 Mexico, Appalachian and Mid-Continent areas;

 15

Table of Contents

 • 

 regulatory action affecting the demand for natural gas, the
 supply of natural gas, the rates Spectra Energy Partners can
 charge, contracts for services, existing contracts, operating
 costs and operating flexibility;

 • 

 regulatory and economic limitations on the development of LNG
 import terminals in the Gulf Coast region;

 • 

 successful development of LNG import terminals in the eastern or
 northeastern United States, which could reduce the need for
 natural gas to be transported on the East Tennessee pipeline
 system and for the development of additional natural gas storage
 capacity in the Gulf Coast region; and

 • 

 the level of operating and maintenance, and general and
 administrative costs.

 In addition, the actual amount of cash available for
 distribution will depend on other factors, some of which are
 beyond Spectra Energy Partners’ control, including:

 • 

 the level of capital expenditures to complete construction
 projects;

 • 

 the cost and form of payment of acquisitions;

 • 

 debt service requirements and other liabilities;

 • 

 fluctuations in working capital needs;

 • 

 the ability to borrow funds and access capital markets;

 • 

 restrictions on distributions contained in debt
 agreements; and

 • 

 the amount of cash reserves established by Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner.

 Gulfstream
 and Market Hub are controlled by Spectra Energy and other third
 parties who are responsible for the management and operations of
 those assets. As a result, Spectra Energy Partners cannot
 control the amount of cash that will be received from Gulfstream
 and Market Hub, and Spectra Energy Partners may be required to
 contribute significant cash to fund their
 operations.

 Market Hub and Gulfstream are expected to generate approximately
 one-half of the cash Spectra Energy Partners distributes.
 Spectra Energy operates Market Hub and the operation of
 Gulfstream is shared between Spectra Energy and Williams.
 Accordingly, Spectra Energy Partners does not control the amount
 of cash distributed to Spectra Energy Partners nor does Spectra
 Energy Partners control ongoing operational decisions, including
 the incurrence of capital expenditures that Spectra Energy
 Partners may be required to fund.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ lack of control over the
 operations of Gulfstream and Market Hub may mean that Spectra
 Energy Partners does not receive the amount of cash it expects
 to be distributed. This may require that Spectra Energy Partners
 provide additional capital, and these contributions may be
 material. This lack of control may significantly and adversely
 affect the ability to distribute cash.

 Natural
 gas transportation and storage operations are subject to
 regulation by FERC, which could have an adverse effect on the
 ability to establish transportation and storage rates that would
 allow Spectra Energy Partners to recover the full cost of
 operating its pipelines, including a reasonable return, and its
 ability to make distributions.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ interstate natural gas
 transportation and storage operations are subject to federal,
 state and local regulatory authorities. Specifically, the
 natural gas pipeline systems and certain of the storage
 facilities and related assets are subject to regulation by FERC.
 Its authority to regulate natural gas pipeline transportation
 services includes the rates charged for the services, terms and
 conditions of service, certification and construction of new
 facilities, the extension or abandonment of services and
 facilities, the maintenance of accounts and records, the
 acquisition and disposition of facilities, the initiation and
 discontinuation of services, and various other matters.

 In addition, Spectra Energy Partners cannot give any assurance
 regarding the likely future regulations under which it will
 operate its natural gas transportation and storage businesses or
 the effect such regulation could have on business, financial
 condition, results of operations and the ability to make
 distributions.

 16

Table of Contents

 Certain
 transportation services are subject to long-term, fixed-price
 “negotiated rate” contracts that are not subject to
 adjustment, even if the cost to perform services exceeds the
 revenues received from such contracts, and, as a result, Spectra
 Energy Partners’ costs could exceed revenues received under
 these contracts.

 Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer
 may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a
 “negotiated rate” which may be above or below the FERC
 regulated “recourse rate” for that service. For 2007,
 all of Gulfstream’s firm revenues were derived from such
 negotiated rate contracts and approximately 37% of East
 Tennessee’s firm revenues were derived from capacity
 reservation charges under negotiated rate contracts. These
 negotiated rate contracts are not subject to adjustment for
 increased costs which could be produced by inflation or other
 factors relating to the specific facilities being used to
 perform the services. It is possible that Gulfstream’s and
 East Tennessee’s costs to perform services under these
 negotiated rate contracts will exceed the negotiated rates. If
 this occurs, it could decrease cash flows from Gulfstream and
 East Tennessee.

 Market
 Hub’s right to charge “market-based rates” at one
 of its facilities is subject to the continued existence of
 certain conditions related to the competitive position of Market
 Hub and, if those conditions change, the right to charge
 “market-based rates” could be
 terminated.

 Certain of the rates charged by Market Hub are regulated by FERC
 pursuant to its “market-based rate” policy, which
 allows regulated storage companies to charge rates above those
 which would be permitted under traditional cost-of-service
 regulation. The right of Market Hub to charge market-based rates
 is based upon determinations by FERC that it does not have
 market power in the relevant market areas it serves. This
 determination of a lack of market power is subject to review and
 revision by FERC if circumstances change. In the event of an
 adverse determination concerning market power with respect to
 Market Hub, its rates could become subject to cost-of-service
 regulation which could have adverse consequences for the cash
 flow of Market Hub.

 Increased
 competition from alternative natural gas transportation and
 storage options and alternative fuel sources could have a
 significant financial effect on Spectra Energy
 Partners.

 Spectra Energy Partners competes primarily with other interstate
 and intrastate pipelines and storage facilities in the
 transportation and storage of natural gas. Some of Spectra
 Energy Partners’ competitors have greater financial
 resources and access to greater supplies of natural gas than
 Spectra Energy Partners does. Some of these competitors may
 expand or construct transportation and storage systems that
 would create additional competition for the services Spectra
 Energy Partners provides to its customers. Moreover, Spectra
 Energy and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to
 compete with Spectra Energy Partners. Further, natural gas also
 competes with other forms of energy available to Spectra Energy
 Partners’ customers, including electricity, coal and fuel
 oils.

 The principal elements of competition among natural gas
 transportation and storage assets are rates, terms of service,
 access to natural gas supplies, flexibility and reliability.
 FERC’s policies promoting competition in natural gas
 markets are having the effect of increasing the natural gas
 transportation and storage options for Spectra Energy
 Partners’ traditional customer base. As a result, Spectra
 Energy Partners could experience some “turnback” of
 firm capacity as existing agreements expire. If East Tennessee,
 Gulfstream or Market Hub are unable to remarket this capacity or
 can remarket it only at substantially discounted rates compared
 to previous contracts, they may have to bear the costs
 associated with the turned back capacity. Increased competition
 could reduce the volumes of natural gas transported or stored by
 Spectra Energy Partners’ systems or, in cases where Spectra
 Energy Partners does not have long-term fixed rate contracts,
 could force Spectra Energy Partners to lower its transportation
 or storage rates. Competition could intensify the negative
 effect of factors that significantly decrease demand for natural
 gas in the markets served by Spectra Energy Partners’
 pipeline systems, such as competing or alternative forms of
 energy, a recession or other adverse economic conditions,
 weather, higher fuel costs and taxes or other governmental or
 regulatory actions that directly or indirectly increase the cost
 or limit the use of natural gas. The ability to renew or replace
 existing contracts at rates sufficient to maintain current
 revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the
 activities of competitors. All of these competitive pressures
 could have a material adverse effect on Spectra Energy
 Partners’ business, financial condition, results of
 operations, and ability to make distributions.

 17

Table of Contents

 Any
 significant decrease in supplies of natural gas in Spectra
 Energy Partners’ areas of operation could adversely affect
 business and operating results, and reduce cash available for
 distribution.

 All of Spectra Energy Partners’ businesses are dependent on
 the continued availability of natural gas production and
 reserves. Low prices for natural gas or regulatory limitations
 could adversely affect development of additional reserves and
 production that is accessible by Spectra Energy Partners’
 pipeline and storage assets. Production from existing wells and
 natural gas supply basins with access to Spectra Energy
 Partners’ pipelines will naturally decline over time.
 Additionally, the amount of natural gas reserves underlying
 these wells may also be less than anticipated, and the rate at
 which production from these reserves declines may be greater
 than anticipated. Accordingly, to maintain or increase
 throughput on Spectra Energy Partners’ pipelines and cash
 flows associated with the transportation of gas, Spectra Energy
 Partners’ customers must continually obtain new supplies of
 natural gas.

 If new supplies of natural gas are not obtained to replace the
 natural decline in volumes from existing supply basins, the
 overall volume of natural gas transported and stored on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ systems would decline, which could have a
 material adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’
 business, financial condition, results of operations and ability
 to make distributions.

 The
 failure of LNG import terminals to be successfully developed in
 the Gulf Coast region or the successful development of LNG
 import terminals outside Spectra Energy Partners’ areas of
 operations could reduce the demand for Spectra Energy
 Partners’ services.

 Imported LNG is expected to be a significant component of future
 natural gas supply to the United States. Much of this increase
 in LNG supplies is expected to be imported through new LNG
 facilities to be developed over the next decade, and the Gulf
 Coast region is expected to be the region that will attract a
 majority of these projects. According to FERC’s Office of
 Energy Projects, as of January 14, 2008, there were two LNG
 terminals operating in the Gulf Coast region and of the 19
 applications filed with U.S. federal agencies for
 additional LNG terminals in the Gulf Coast region, 17 had been
 approved. Spectra Energy Partners cannot predict which, if any,
 of these projects will be constructed. Spectra Energy Partners
 may not realize expected increases in future natural gas supply
 available for transportation and storage on its systems due to
 factors including:

 • 

 new projects may fail to be developed;

 • 

 new projects may not be developed at their announced capacity;

 • 

 development of new projects may be significantly delayed;

 • 

 new projects may be built in locations that are not connected to
 Spectra Energy Partners’ systems; or

 • 

 new projects may not influence sources of supply on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ systems.

 Similarly, the development of new, or expansion of existing, LNG
 facilities outside Spectra Energy Partners’ areas of
 operations, or in an area with a direct connection into the
 Florida market served by Gulfstream, could reduce the need for
 customers to transport natural gas from the Gulf Coast and
 Appalachian regions, as well as other supply basins connected to
 Spectra Energy Partners’ pipelines. This could reduce the
 amount of natural gas transported by Spectra Energy
 Partners’ pipelines and the demand for Spectra Energy
 Partners’ storage facilities.

 If the expected increase in natural gas supply from imported LNG
 is not realized in Spectra Energy Partners’ areas of
 operation, the future overall volume of natural gas transported
 and stored on Spectra Energy Partners’ systems could
 decline, which could have a material adverse effect on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ business, financial condition, results of
 operations and ability to make distributions.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners may not be able to maintain or replace expiring
 natural gas transportation and storage contracts at favorable
 rates.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ primary exposure to market risk
 occurs at the time existing transportation and storage contracts
 expire and are subject to renegotiation and renewal. A portion
 of the revenue generated by Spectra Energy Partners’
 systems in 2007 is attributable to firm capacity reservation
 fees that are set to expire on or prior to December 31,
 2010. For Gulfstream, East Tennessee and Market Hub, those
 portions were 0%, 37%, and 68%,

 18

Table of Contents

 respectively. Upon expiration, Spectra Energy Partners may not
 be able to extend contracts with existing customers or obtain
 replacement contracts at favorable rates or on a long-term basis.

 The extension or replacement of existing contracts depends on a
 number of factors beyond Spectra Energy Partners’ control,
 including:

 • 

 the level of existing and new competition to deliver natural gas
 to Spectra Energy Partners’ markets;

 • 

 the growth in demand for natural gas in Spectra Energy
 Partners’ markets;

 • 

 whether the market will continue to support long-term contracts;

 • 

 whether Spectra Energy Partners’ business strategy
 continues to be successful; and

 • 

 the effects of state regulation on customer contracting
 practices.

 According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA),
 overall demand for natural gas consumption in the markets
 Spectra Energy Partners serves is expected to grow by
 approximately 2.1% per year for the period from
 2007-2012.
 Spectra Energy Partners believes this growth will be driven by
 the construction of new natural gas fired electric generation
 plants in Florida and elsewhere to meet both a growing
 population base and a growing per capita demand for electricity.
 With the recent trend towards natural gas fired electric
 generation, demand for natural gas during the summer months to
 satisfy cooling requirements is now increasing.

 Any failure to extend or replace a significant portion of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ existing contracts may have a
 material adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’
 business, financial condition, results of operations and ability
 to make distributions.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners and its equity affiliates depend on certain key
 customers for a significant portion of their revenues. The loss
 of any of these key customers could result in a decline in
 revenues and cash available to make distributions.

 Spectra Energy Partners relies on a limited number of customers
 for a significant portion of revenues. For the year ended
 December 31, 2007, the three largest customers for East
 Tennessee were Atmos Energy Corporation, CNX Gas Company LLC and
 KGen Murray I and II LLC; for Gulfstream were Florida
 Power & Light Company, Florida Power Corporation
 (d/b/a Progress Energy Florida, Inc.) and Tampa Electric Company
 and its affiliates; and for Market Hub were Texas Eastern
 Transmission (an affiliate), Luminant LLC and Northern Indiana
 Public Service Company. In 2007, these customers accounted for
 approximately 35% , 82% and 17% of the operating revenues for
 East Tennessee, Gulfstream and Market Hub, respectively. While
 most of these customers are subject to long-term contracts, the
 loss of all or even a portion of the contracted volumes of these
 customers as a result of competition, creditworthiness,
 inability to negotiate extensions or replacements of contracts
 or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ financial condition, results of operations
 and ability to make distributions, unless Spectra Energy
 Partners is able to contract for comparable volumes from other
 customers at favorable rates.

 If
 third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to
 Spectra Energy Partners’ pipelines, and facilities become
 unavailable to transport natural gas, revenues and cash
 available to make distributions could be adversely
 affected.

 Spectra Energy Partners depends upon third-party pipelines and
 other facilities that provide delivery options to and from
 Spectra Energy Partners’ pipelines and storage facilities.
 Because Spectra Energy Partners does not own these third-party
 pipelines or facilities, their continuing operation is not
 within Spectra Energy Partners’ control. If these or any
 other pipeline connection were to become unavailable for current
 or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the
 facility, lack of capacity or any other reason, the ability to
 operate efficiently and continue shipping natural gas to
 end-markets could be restricted, thereby reducing revenues. Any
 temporary or permanent interruption at any key pipeline
 interconnect could have a material adverse effect on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ business, results of operations, financial
 condition and ability to make distributions.

 19

Table of Contents

 Neither
 Gulfstream nor Market Hub is prohibited from incurring
 indebtedness, which may affect Spectra Energy Partners’
 ability to make distributions.

 Neither Gulfstream nor Market Hub is prohibited from incurring
 indebtedness by the terms of their respective limited liability
 company agreement and general partnership agreement. If
 Gulfstream or Market Hub were to incur significant additional
 indebtedness, it could inhibit their respective abilities to
 make distributions to Spectra Energy Partners. An inability by
 either Gulfstream or Market Hub to make distributions would
 materially and adversely affect the ability to make
 distributions because Spectra Energy Partners expects
 distributions it receives from each of them to represent a
 substantial portion of the cash distributed to the common and
 subordinated unitholders of Spectra Energy Partners.

 If
 Spectra Energy Partners does not complete expansion projects or
 make and integrate acquisitions, future growth may be
 limited.

 A principal focus of Spectra Energy Partners’ strategy is
 to continue to grow the cash distributions on Spectra Energy
 Partners’ units by expanding its business. The ability to
 grow depends on the ability to complete expansion projects and
 make acquisitions that result in an increase in cash generated.
 Spectra Energy Partners may be unable to complete successful,
 accretive expansion projects or acquisitions for any of the
 following reasons:

 • 

 an inability to identify attractive expansion projects or
 acquisition candidates or is outbid by competitors;

 • 

 an inability to obtain necessary rights of way or government
 approvals, including regulatory agencies;

 • 

 an inability to integrate successfully the businesses it builds
 or acquires;

 • 

 Spectra Energy Partners is unable to raise financing for such
 expansions projects or acquisitions on economically acceptable
 terms;

 • 

 incorrect assumptions about volumes, reserves, revenues and
 costs, including synergies and potential growth; or

 • 

 the inability to secure adequate customer commitments to use the
 newly expanded or acquired facilities.

 Acquisitions
 or expansion projects that appear to be accretive may
 nevertheless reduce Spectra Energy Partners’ cash from
 operations on a per unit basis.

 Even if Spectra Energy Partners makes acquisitions or completes
 expansion projects that it believes will be accretive, these
 acquisitions or expansion projects may nevertheless reduce cash
 from operations on a per unit basis. Any acquisition or
 expansion project involves potential risks, including, among
 other things:

 • 

 a decrease in liquidity as a result of using a significant
 portion of Available Cash or borrowing capacity to finance the
 project or acquisition;

 • 

 an inability to complete expansion projects on schedule or
 within the budgeted cost due to the unavailability of required
 construction personnel, equipment or materials, and the risk of
 cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of
 materials, labor and equipment;

 • 

 an inability to complete expansion projects on schedule due to
 accidents, weather conditions or an inability to obtain
 necessary permits;

 • 

 an inability to receive cash flows from a newly built or
 acquired asset until it is operational;

 • 

 unforeseen difficulties operating in new product areas or new
 geographic areas; and

 • 

 customer losses at the acquired business.

 Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding,
 delay its completion or increase its anticipated costs. As a
 result, new facilities may not achieve expected investment
 return, which could adversely affect results of operations,
 financial position or cash flows. If any expansion projects or
 acquisitions that Spectra Energy Partners ultimately completes
 is not accretive to distributable cash flow per unit, the
 ability to make distributions may be reduced.

 20

Table of Contents

 The
 amount of cash available for distribution depends primarily on
 cash flow and not solely on profitability, which may prevent
 Spectra Energy Partners from making cash distributions during
 periods when net income is recorded.

 The amount of cash available for distribution depends primarily
 upon cash flow, including cash flow from financial reserves and
 working capital or other borrowings, and not solely on
 profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. As a
 result, Spectra Energy Partners may make cash distributions
 during periods when a net loss is recorded for financial
 accounting purposes and may not make cash distributions during
 periods when net earnings are reported for financial accounting
 purposes.

 Significant
 prolonged changes in natural gas prices could affect supply and
 demand, reducing throughput on Spectra Energy Partners’
 systems and adversely affecting revenues and cash available to
 make distributions over the long-term.

 Higher natural gas prices over the long term could result in a
 decline in the demand for natural gas and, therefore, in the
 throughput on Spectra Energy Partners’ systems. Also, lower
 natural gas prices over the long term could result in a decline
 in the production of natural gas resulting in reduced throughput
 on Spectra Energy Partners’ systems. In addition, prolonged
 reduced price volatility could reduce the revenues generated by
 park-and-lend
 and interruptible storage services. As a result, significant
 prolonged changes in natural gas prices could have a material
 adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’ financial
 condition, results of operations and ability to make
 distributions.

 Operations
 are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may
 expose Spectra Energy Partners to significant costs and
 liabilities.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ natural gas transportation and
 storage activities are subject to stringent and complex federal,
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Spectra
 Energy Partners may incur substantial costs in order to conduct
 operations in compliance with these laws and regulations.
 Moreover, new, stricter environmental laws, regulations or
 enforcement policies could be implemented that significantly
 increase compliance costs or the cost of any remediation of
 environmental contamination that may become necessary, and these
 costs could be material.

 Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations, or
 the permits issued under them, may result in the assessment of
 administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of
 remedial obligations and the issuance of injunctions limiting or
 preventing some or all of Spectra Energy Partners’
 operations. In addition, strict joint and several liability may
 be imposed under certain environmental laws, which could cause
 Spectra Energy Partners to become liable for the conduct of
 others or for consequences of Spectra Energy Partners’ own
 actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the
 time those actions were taken. Private parties may also have the
 right to pursue legal actions against Spectra Energy Partners to
 enforce compliance, as well as to seek damages for
 non-compliance, with environmental laws and regulations or for
 personal injury or property damage that may result from
 environmental and other effects of operations. Spectra Energy
 Partners may not be able to recover some or any of these costs
 through insurance or increased revenues, which may have a
 material adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’
 business, results of operations, financial condition and ability
 to make cash distributions.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners may incur significant costs and liabilities as a
 result of pipeline integrity management program testing and any
 necessary pipeline repair or preventative or remedial
 measures.

 The United States Department of Transportation (DOT), has
 adopted regulations requiring pipeline operators to develop
 integrity management programs for transportation pipelines
 located where a leak or rupture could do the most harm in
 “high consequence areas.” The regulations require
 operators to:

 • 

 perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity;

 • 

 identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline
 segments that could affect a high consequence area;

 • 

 improve data collection, integration and analysis;

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and

 • 

 implement preventive and mitigating actions.

 Actual implementation costs may be affected by industry-wide
 demand for the associated contractors and service providers.
 Additionally, should Spectra Energy Partners fail to comply with
 DOT regulations, it could be subject to penalties and fines.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners does not own all of the land on which its
 pipelines and facilities are located, which could disrupt
 operations.

 Spectra Energy Partners does not own all of the land on which
 its pipelines and facilities have been constructed, and is
 therefore subject to the possibility of more onerous terms
 and/or
 increased costs to retain necessary land use if it does not have
 valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate.
 Spectra Energy Partners obtains the rights to construct and
 operate its pipelines on land owned by third parties and
 governmental agencies for a specific period of time. The loss of
 these rights, through the inability to renew right-of-way
 contracts or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on
 Spectra Energy Partners’ business, results of operations
 and financial condition and ability to make cash distributions.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners’ operations are subject to operational
 hazards and unforeseen interruptions.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ operations are subject to many
 hazards inherent in the transportation and storage of natural
 gas, including:

 • 

 damage to pipelines, facilities and related equipment caused by
 hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires and other natural
 disasters, explosions and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 inadvertent damage from third parties, including from
 construction, farm and utility equipment;

 • 

 leaks of natural gas and other hydrocarbons or losses of natural
 gas as a result of the malfunction of equipment or facilities;

 • 

 collapse of storage caverns;

 • 

 operator error;

 • 

 environmental pollution;

 • 

 explosions and blowouts;

 • 

 risks related to underwater pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico,
 which are susceptible to damage from shifting as a result of
 water currents (as seen in the Gulf of Mexico following
 Hurricanes Katrina and Rita), as well as damage from vessels;

 • 

 risks related to pipeline that traverses areas in Florida where
 karst conditions exist. Karst conditions refers to terrain,
 usually found where limestone or other carbonate rock is
 present, that may subside or result in a sinkhole collapse when
 the underlying water table changes; and

 • 

 risks related to operating in a marine environment.

 These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal
 injury
 and/or loss
 of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and
 equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage which may
 result in curtailment or suspension of related operations. A
 natural disaster or other hazard affecting the areas in which
 Spectra Energy Partners operates could have a material adverse
 effect on operations.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners does not insure against all potential losses and
 could be seriously harmed by unexpected
 liabilities.

 Spectra Energy Partners is not fully insured against all risks
 inherent to its business. Spectra Energy Partners is not insured
 against all environmental accidents that might occur. If a
 significant accident or event occurs that is not fully insured,
 it could adversely affect operations and financial condition. In
 addition, Spectra Energy Partners may

 22

Table of Contents

 not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and
 amount it desires at reasonable rates. Changes in the insurance
 markets subsequent to the September 11, 2001 terrorist
 attacks, and Hurricanes Katrina and Rita have made it more
 difficult to obtain certain types of coverage, and Spectra
 Energy Partners may elect to self insure a portion of its asset
 portfolio. In addition, Spectra Energy Partners does not
 maintain offshore business interruption insurance. There can be
 no assurance that Spectra Energy Partners will be able to obtain
 the levels or types of insurance it would otherwise have
 obtained prior to these market changes or that the insurance
 coverage it does obtain will not contain large deductibles or
 fail to cover certain hazards or cover all potential losses. The
 occurrence of any operating risks not fully covered by insurance
 could have a material adverse effect on Spectra Energy
 Partners’ business, financial condition, results of
 operations and ability to make distributions.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners’ debt levels may limit its flexibility in
 obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business
 opportunities.

 At the closing of the IPO, Spectra Energy Partners borrowed
 $194 million in term debt and $125 million in
 revolving debt under its new $500 million credit facility.
 Following the IPO, Spectra Energy Partners continued to have the
 ability to incur additional debt, subject to limitations in its
 credit facility. Spectra Energy Partners’ level of debt
 could have important consequences, including the following:

 • 

 the ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for
 working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other
 purposes may be impaired or such financing may not be available
 on favorable terms;

 • 

 Spectra Energy Partners will need a substantial portion of its
 cash flow to make principal and interest payments on its
 indebtedness, reducing the funds that would otherwise be
 available for operations, future business opportunities and
 distributions to unitholders; and

 • 

 Spectra Energy Partners’ debt level could make it more
 vulnerable than its competitors with less debt to competitive
 pressures or a downturn in Spectra Energy Partners’
 business or the economy in general.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ ability to service its debt will
 depend upon, among other things, its future financial and
 operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing
 economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and
 other factors, some of which are beyond Spectra Energy
 Partners’ control. In addition, the ability to service debt
 under its revolving credit facility will depend on market
 interest rates, since Spectra Energy Partners’ anticipates
 that the interest rates applicable to its borrowings will
 fluctuate with movements in interest rate markets. If operating
 results are not sufficient to service current or future
 indebtedness, Spectra Energy Partners will be forced to take
 actions such as reducing distributions, reducing or delaying
 business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital
 expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt,
 or seeking additional equity capital. Spectra Energy Partners
 may not be able to effect any of these actions on satisfactory
 terms, or at all.

 Restrictions
 in Spectra Energy Partners’ credit facility may interrupt
 distributions to Spectra Energy Partners from its subsidiaries,
 which will limit its ability to make distributions and may limit
 the ability to capitalize on acquisition and other business
 opportunities.

 Spectra Energy Partners is a holding company with no business
 operations. As such, Spectra Energy Partners depends upon the
 earnings and cash flow of its subsidiaries and the distribution
 of that cash to Spectra Energy Partners in order to meet Spectra
 Energy Partners’ obligations and to allow Spectra Energy
 Partners to make distributions to Spectra Energy Partners’
 unitholders. The operating and financial restrictions and
 covenants in Spectra Energy Partners’ credit facility and
 any future financing agreements could restrict its ability to
 finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or
 pursue business activities. Spectra Energy Partners’ credit
 facility contains covenants, some of which may be modified or
 eliminated upon Spectra Energy Partners’ receipt of an
 investment grade rating, that restrict or limit Spectra Energy
 Partners’ ability to:

 • 

 make distributions if any default or event of default occurs;

 • 

 make other restricted distributions or dividends on account of
 the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation
 or termination of partnership interests;

 • 

 incur additional indebtedness or guarantee other indebtedness;

 23

Table of Contents

 • 

 grant liens or make certain negative pledges;

 • 

 make certain loans or investments;

 • 

 engage in transactions with affiliates;

 • 

 make any material change to the nature of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ business from the midstream energy business;

 • 

 dispose of assets; or

 • 

 enter into a merger, consolidate, liquidate, wind up or dissolve.

 Furthermore, the credit facility contains covenants requiring
 Spectra Energy Partners to maintain certain financial ratios and
 tests. The ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions
 contained in the credit facility may be affected by events
 beyond its control, including prevailing economic, financial and
 industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions
 deteriorate, Spectra Energy Partners’ ability to comply
 with these covenants may be impaired. If Spectra Energy Partners
 violates any of the restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in
 its credit facility, the lenders will be able to accelerate the
 maturity of all borrowings under the credit facility and demand
 repayment of amounts outstanding, the lenders’ commitment
 to make further loans to Spectra Energy Partners may terminate,
 and the operating partnership will be prohibited from making any
 distributions. Spectra Energy Partners might not have, or be
 able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated
 payments. Any subsequent replacement of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ credit facility or any new indebtedness could
 have similar or greater restrictions. Any interruption of
 distributions to Spectra Energy Partners from its subsidiaries
 may limit Spectra Energy Partners’ ability to satisfy its
 obligations and to make distributions.

 The
 credit and risk profile of Spectra Energy Partners’ general
 partner and its owner, Spectra Energy, could adversely affect
 Spectra Energy Partners’ credit ratings and risk profile,
 which could increase borrowing costs or hinder the ability to
 raise capital.

 The credit and business risk profiles of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner and Spectra Energy may be factors
 considered in credit evaluations of Spectra Energy Partners.
 This is because the general partner controls Spectra Energy
 Partners’ business activities, including its cash
 distribution policy, acquisition strategy and business risk
 profile. Another factor that may be considered is the financial
 condition of Spectra Energy, including the degree of its
 financial leverage and its dependence on cash flow from the
 partnership to service its indebtedness.

 If Spectra Energy Partners were to have a credit rating in the
 future, Spectra Energy Partners’ credit rating may be
 adversely affected by the leverage of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner or Spectra Energy, as credit
 rating agencies may consider the leverage and credit profile of
 Spectra Energy and its affiliates because of their ownership
 interest in and control of Spectra Energy Partners and the
 strong operational links between Spectra Energy and Spectra
 Energy Partners. Any adverse effect on Spectra Energy
 Partners’ credit rating would increase its cost of
 borrowing or hinder its ability to raise financing in the
 capital markets, which would impair its ability to grow its
 business and make distributions.

 Terrorist
 attacks, and the threat of terrorist attacks, have resulted in
 increased costs to Spectra Energy Partners’ business.
 Continued hostilities in the Middle East or other sustained
 military campaigns may adversely affect Spectra Energy
 Partners’ results of operations.

 The long-term effect of terrorist attacks and the threat of
 future terrorist attacks on Spectra Energy Partners’
 industry in general, and on Spectra Energy Partners in
 particular, is not known at this time. However, the
 U.S. government has issued warnings that energy assets,
 including the U.S. pipeline infrastructure, may be the
 future target of terrorist organizations. Increased security
 measures taken by Spectra Energy Partners as a precaution
 against possible terrorist attacks have resulted in increased
 costs. Uncertainty surrounding continued hostilities in the
 Middle East or other sustained military campaigns may affect
 Spectra Energy Partners’ operations in unpredictable ways,
 including the possibility that infrastructure facilities could
 be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of
 terror. Any terrorist attack on Spectra Energy Partners’
 facilities or pipelines or those of its customers could have a
 material adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’
 business.

 24

Table of Contents

 Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist
 attacks may make certain types of insurance more difficult for
 Spectra Energy Partners to obtain. Moreover, the insurance that
 may be available to Spectra Energy Partners may be significantly
 more expensive than its existing insurance coverage. Instability
 in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war could
 also affect Spectra Energy Partners’ ability to raise
 capital.

 Risks
 Inherent in an Investment in Spectra Energy Partners

 Spectra
 Energy controls Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner,
 which has sole responsibility for conducting Spectra Energy
 Partners’ business and managing its operations. Spectra
 Energy Partners’ general partner and its affiliates,
 including Spectra Energy, have conflicts of interest with
 Spectra Energy Partners and limited fiduciary duties, and may
 favor their own interests to the detriment of Spectra Energy
 Partners.

 Spectra Energy owns and controls Spectra Energy Partners’
 general partner. Some of Spectra Energy Partners’ general
 partner’s directors, and some of its executive officers,
 are directors or officers of Spectra Energy or its affiliates.
 Although Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner has a
 fiduciary duty to manage Spectra Energy Partners in a manner
 beneficial to Spectra Energy and Spectra Energy Partners’
 unitholders, the directors and officers of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner have a fiduciary duty to manage
 Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner in a manner
 beneficial to Spectra Energy. Therefore, conflicts of interest
 may arise between Spectra Energy and its affiliates, including
 Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner, on the one hand,
 and Spectra Energy Partners and its unitholders, on the other
 hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner may favor its own interests and
 the interests of its affiliates over the interests of Spectra
 Energy Partners’ unitholders. These conflicts include,
 among others, the following situations:

 • 

 neither Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement nor
 any other agreement requires Spectra Energy to pursue a business
 strategy that favors Spectra Energy Partners. Spectra
 Energy’s directors and officers have a fiduciary duty to
 make these decisions in the best interests of the owners of
 Spectra Energy, which may be contrary to Spectra Energy
 Partners’ interests;

 • 

 the general partner is allowed to take into account the
 interests of parties other than Spectra Energy Partners, such as
 Spectra Energy and its affiliates, in resolving conflicts of
 interest;

 • 

 Spectra Energy and its affiliates are not limited in their
 ability to compete with Spectra Energy Partners;

 • 

 the general partner may make a determination to receive a
 quantity of Spectra Energy Partners’ Class B units in
 exchange for resetting the target distribution levels related to
 its incentive distribution rights without the approval of the
 Conflicts Committee of Spectra Energy Partners’ general
 partner or Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders;

 • 

 some officers of Spectra Energy who provide services to Spectra
 Energy Partners also will devote significant time to the
 business of Spectra Energy, and will be compensated by Spectra
 Energy for the services rendered to it;

 • 

 the general partner has limited its liability and reduced its
 fiduciary duties, and has also restricted the remedies available
 to Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders for actions that,
 without the limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary
 duty. By purchasing common units, unitholders will be deemed to
 have consented to some actions and conflicts of interest that
 might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties
 under applicable law;

 • 

 the general partner determines the amount and timing of asset
 purchases and sales, borrowings, issuances of additional
 partnership securities and reserves, each of which can affect
 the amount of cash that is distributed to unitholders;

 • 

 the general partner determines the amount and timing of any
 capital expenditures and, based on the applicable facts and
 circumstances, whether a capital expenditure is classified as a
 maintenance capital expenditure (which reduces operating
 surplus) or an expansion capital expenditure (which does not
 reduce operating surplus). This determination can affect the
 amount of cash that is distributed to unitholders and the
 ability of the subordinated units to convert to common units;

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 the general partner determines which costs incurred by it and
 its affiliates are reimbursable by Spectra Energy Partners;

 • 

 in some instances, the general partner may cause Spectra Energy
 Partners to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of cash
 distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is
 to make a distribution on the subordinated units, to make
 incentive distributions or to accelerate the expiration of the
 subordination period;

 • 

 Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement does not
 restrict the general partner from causing Spectra Energy
 Partners to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered
 to Spectra Energy Partners or entering into additional
 contractual arrangements with any of these entities on Spectra
 Energy Partners’ behalf;

 • 

 the general partner intends to limit its liability regarding
 Spectra Energy Partners’ contractual and other obligations
 and, in some circumstances, is entitled to be indemnified by
 Spectra Energy Partners;

 • 

 the general partner may exercise its limited right to call and
 purchase common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80%
 of the common units;

 • 

 the general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed
 to Spectra Energy Partners by the general partner and its
 affiliates; and

 • 

 the general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel,
 accountants or others to perform services for Spectra Energy
 Partners.

 Affiliates
 of the general partner, including Spectra Energy, DCP Midstream,
 LLC and DCP Midstream Partners, LP, are not limited in their
 ability to compete with Spectra Energy Partners, which could
 limit commercial activities or the ability to acquire additional
 assets or businesses.

 Neither Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement nor
 the omnibus agreement among Spectra Energy Partners, Spectra
 Energy and others prohibits affiliates of the general partner,
 including Spectra Energy, DCP Midstream, LLC and DCP Midstream
 Partners, LP, from owning assets or engaging in businesses that
 compete directly or indirectly with Spectra Energy Partners. In
 addition, Spectra Energy and its affiliates may acquire,
 construct or dispose of additional transportation and storage or
 other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer
 Spectra Energy Partners the opportunity to purchase or construct
 any of those assets. Each of these entities is a large,
 established participant in the midstream energy business, and
 each has significantly greater resources and experience than
 Spectra Energy Partners has, which factors may make it more
 difficult for Spectra Energy Partners to compete with these
 entities with respect to commercial activities as well as for
 acquisition candidates. As a result, competition from these
 entities could adversely affect Spectra Energy Partners’
 results of operations and cash available for distribution.

 If a
 unitholder is not an Eligible Holder, they will not be entitled
 to receive distributions or allocations of income or loss on
 common units and those common units will be subject to
 redemption at a price that may be below the current market
 price.

 In order to comply with certain FERC rate-making policies
 applicable to entities that pass through taxable income to their
 owners, Spectra Energy Partners has adopted certain requirements
 regarding those investors who may own common and subordinated
 units. Eligible Holders are individuals or entities subject to
 United States federal income taxation on the income generated by
 Spectra Energy Partners or entities not subject to United States
 federal income taxation on the income generated by Spectra
 Energy Partners, so long as all of the entity’s owners are
 subject to such taxation. If a unitholder is not a person who
 fits the requirements to be an Eligible Holder, they will not
 receive distributions or allocations of income and loss on the
 unitholder’s units and the unitholder runs the risk of
 having the units redeemed by Spectra Energy Partners at the
 lower of the unitholder’s purchase price cost or the
 then-current market price. The redemption price will be paid in
 cash or by delivery of a promissory note, as determined by
 Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner.

 26

Table of Contents

 Cost
 reimbursements to the general partner and its affiliates for
 services provided, which will be determined by the general
 partner, will be substantial and will reduce Spectra Energy
 Partners’ cash available for distribution.

 Pursuant to an omnibus agreement Spectra Energy Partners entered
 into with Spectra Energy, the general partner and certain of
 their affiliates, Spectra Energy will receive reimbursement for
 the payment of operating expenses related to Spectra Energy
 Partners’ operations and for the provision of various
 general and administrative services for Spectra Energy
 Partners’ benefit, including costs for rendering
 administrative staff and support services, and overhead
 allocated to Spectra Energy Partners, which amounts will be
 determined by the general partner in its sole discretion.
 Payments for these services will be substantial and will reduce
 the amount of cash available for distribution. In addition,
 under Delaware partnership law, general partner has unlimited
 liability for Spectra Energy Partners’ obligations, such as
 its debts and environmental liabilities, except for contractual
 obligations that are expressly made without recourse to the
 general partner. To the extent the general partner incurs
 obligations on Spectra Energy Partners’ behalf, Spectra
 Energy Partners is obligated to reimburse or indemnify it. If
 Spectra Energy Partners is unable or unwilling to reimburse or
 indemnify the general partner, the general partner may take
 actions to cause Spectra Energy Partners to make payments of
 these obligations and liabilities. Any such payments could
 reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution.

 The
 partnership agreement limits the general partner’s
 fiduciary duties to holders of Spectra Energy Partners’
 common and subordinated units, and restricts the remedies
 available to holders of common and subordinated units for
 actions taken by the general partner that might otherwise
 constitute breaches of fiduciary duty.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement contains
 provisions that reduce the fiduciary standards to which the
 general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty
 laws. For example, Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership
 agreement:

 • 

 permits the general partner to make a number of decisions in its
 individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as Spectra
 Energy Partners’ general partner. This entitles the general
 partner to consider only the interests and factors that it
 desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any
 consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting Spectra
 Energy Partners, Spectra Energy Partners’ affiliates or any
 limited partner;

 • 

 provides that the general partner will not have any liability to
 Spectra Energy Partners or Spectra Energy Partners’
 unitholders for decisions made in its capacity as a general
 partner so long as it acted in good faith, meaning it believed
 the decision was in the best interests of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ partnership;

 • 

 generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions
 of conflicts of interest not approved by the Conflicts Committee
 of the board of directors of the general partner acting in good
 faith and not involving a vote of unitholders must be on terms
 no less favorable to Spectra Energy Partners than those
 generally being provided to or available from unrelated third
 parties or must be “fair and reasonable” to Spectra
 Energy Partners, as determined by the general partner in good
 faith. In determining whether a transaction or resolution is
 “fair and reasonable,” the general partner may
 consider the totality of the relationships between the parties
 involved, including other transactions that may be particularly
 advantageous or beneficial to unitholders;

 • 

 provides that the general partner and its officers and directors
 will not be liable for monetary damages to Spectra Energy
 Partners, Spectra Energy Partners’ limited partners or
 assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a
 final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of
 competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or
 those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or
 willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted
 with knowledge that the conduct was criminal; and

 • 

 provides that in resolving conflicts of interest, it will be
 presumed that in making its decision the general partner or its
 Conflicts Committee acted in good faith, and in any proceeding
 brought by or on behalf of any limited partner or Spectra Energy
 Partners, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding
 will have the burden of overcoming such presumption.

 27

Table of Contents

 By purchasing a common unit, a common unitholder will agree to
 become bound by the provisions in the partnership agreement,
 including the provisions discussed above.

 The
 general partner may elect to cause Spectra Energy Partners to
 issue Class B units to the general partner in connection
 with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to
 the general partner’s incentive distribution rights without
 the approval of the Conflicts Committee of the general partner
 or holders of Spectra Energy Partners’ common units and
 subordinated units. This may result in lower distributions to
 holders of Spectra Energy Partners’ common units in certain
 situations.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ general partner has the right, at
 a time when there are no subordinated units outstanding and it
 has received incentive distributions at the highest level to
 which it is entitled (48%) for each of the prior four
 consecutive fiscal quarters, to reset the initial cash target
 distribution levels at higher levels based on the distribution
 at the time of the exercise of the reset election. Following a
 reset election by the general partner, the minimum quarterly
 distribution amount will be reset to an amount equal to the
 average cash distribution amount per common unit for the two
 fiscal quarters immediately preceding the reset election (such
 amount is referred to as the “reset minimum quarterly
 distribution”) and the target distribution levels will be
 reset to correspondingly higher levels based on percentage
 increases above the reset minimum quarterly distribution amount.

 In connection with resetting these target distribution levels,
 the general partner will be entitled to receive a number of
 Class B units. The Class B units will be entitled to
 the same cash distributions per unit as Spectra Energy
 Partners’ common units and will be convertible into an
 equal number of common units. The number of Class B units
 to be issued will be equal to that number of common units whose
 aggregate quarterly cash distributions equaled the average of
 the distributions to the general partner on the incentive
 distribution rights in the prior two quarters. Spectra Energy
 Partners anticipates that the general partner would exercise
 this reset right in order to facilitate acquisitions or internal
 growth projects that would not be sufficiently accretive to cash
 distributions per common unit without such conversion; however,
 it is possible that the general partner could exercise this
 reset election at a time when it is experiencing, or may be
 expected to experience, declines in the cash distributions it
 receives related to its incentive distribution rights and may
 therefore desire to be issued Spectra Energy Partners’
 Class B units, which are entitled to receive cash
 distributions from Spectra Energy Partners on the same priority
 as Spectra Energy Partners’ common units, rather than
 retain the right to receive incentive distributions based on the
 initial target distribution levels. As a result, a reset
 election may cause Spectra Energy Partners’ common
 unitholders to experience dilution in the amount of cash
 distributions that they would have otherwise received had
 Spectra Energy Partners not issued new Class B units to the
 general partner in connection with resetting the target
 distribution levels related to the general partner incentive
 distribution rights.

 Holders
 of Spectra Energy Partners’ common units have limited
 voting rights and are not entitled to elect Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner or its directors, which could
 reduce the price at which the common units will
 trade.

 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders
 have only limited voting rights on matters affecting Spectra
 Energy Partners’ business and, therefore, limited ability
 to influence management’s decisions regarding such
 business. Unitholders will not elect Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner or its board of directors, and
 will have no right to elect the general partner or board of
 directors on an annual or other continuing basis. The board of
 directors of the general partner, including the independent
 directors, will be chosen entirely by its owners and not by the
 unitholders. Furthermore, if the unitholders were dissatisfied
 with the performance of the general partner, they will have
 little ability to remove the general partner. As a result of
 these limitations, the price at which the common units will
 trade could be diminished because of the absence or reduction of
 a takeover premium in the trading price.

 Even
 if holders of Spectra Energy Partners’ common units are
 dissatisfied, they cannot initially remove Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner without its
 consent.

 The unitholders will be unable initially to remove Spectra
 Energy Partners’ general partner without its consent
 because the general partner and its affiliates will own
 sufficient units upon completion of this offering to be able to
 prevent its removal. The vote of the holders of at least
 662/
3%
 of all outstanding units voting together as a single class

 28

Table of Contents

 is required to remove the general partner. Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner and its affiliates own 83% of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ aggregate outstanding common and
 subordinated units. Also, if the general partner is removed
 without cause during the subordination period and units held by
 the general partner and its affiliates are not voted in favor of
 that removal, all remaining subordinated units will
 automatically convert into common units and any existing
 arrearages on Spectra Energy Partners’ common units will be
 extinguished. A removal of the general partner under these
 circumstances would adversely affect Spectra Energy
 Partners’ common units by prematurely eliminating their
 distribution and liquidation preference over the subordinated
 units, which would otherwise have continued until Spectra Energy
 Partners had met certain distribution and performance tests.
 Cause is narrowly defined to mean that a court of competent
 jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable judgment
 finding the general partner liable for actual fraud or willful
 or wanton misconduct in its capacity as Spectra Energy
 Partners’ general partner. Cause does not include most
 cases of charges of poor management of the business, so the
 removal of the general partner because of the unitholders’
 dissatisfaction with the general partner’s performance in
 managing Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership will most
 likely result in the termination of the subordination period and
 conversion of all subordinated units to common units.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners’ partnership agreement restricts the voting
 rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ common units.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement restricts
 unitholders’ voting rights by providing that any units held
 by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of units then
 outstanding, other than the general partner, its affiliates,
 their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the
 prior approval of the board of directors of the general partner,
 cannot vote on any matter. The partnership agreement also
 contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call
 meetings or to acquire information about Spectra Energy
 Partners’ operations, as well as other provisions limiting
 the unitholders’ ability to influence the manner or
 direction of management.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners has a holding company structure in which the
 subsidiaries conduct operations and own operating assets, which
 may affect Spectra Energy Partners’ ability to make
 distributions.

 Spectra Energy Partners is a partnership holding company and its
 operating subsidiaries conduct all of the operations and own all
 of the operating assets. Spectra Energy Partners has no
 significant assets other than the ownership interests in its
 subsidiaries and equity investments, including Gulfstream and
 Market Hub. As a result, the ability to make distributions to
 Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders depends on the
 performance of these subsidiaries and equity investments and
 their ability to distribute funds to Spectra Energy Partners.
 The ability of the subsidiaries and joint ventures to make
 distributions to Spectra Energy Partners may be restricted by,
 among other things, the provisions of existing and future
 indebtedness, applicable state partnership and limited liability
 company laws and other laws and regulations, including FERC
 policies.

 If
 Spectra Energy Partners is deemed an “investment
 company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, it would
 adversely affect the price of its common units and could have a
 material adverse effect on its business.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ initial assets consist of a 100%
 ownership interest in East Tennessee, a 24.5% limited liability
 company interest in Gulfstream and a 50% general partner
 interest in Market Hub. If a sufficient amount of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ assets, such as its ownership interests in
 Gulfstream and Market Hub or other assets acquired in the
 future, are deemed to be “investment securities”
 within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
 Spectra Energy Partners would either have to register as an
 investment company under the Investment Company Act, obtain
 exemptive relief from the Commission or modify the
 organizational structure or contract rights to fall outside the
 definition of an investment company. Although general partner
 interests are typically not considered “securities” or
 “investment securities,” there is a risk that Spectra
 Energy Partners’ 50% general partner interest in Market Hub
 could be deemed to be an investment security. In that event, it
 is possible that the ownership of this interest, combined with
 the 24.5% interest in Gulfstream or assets acquired in the
 future, could result in Spectra Energy Partners being required
 to register under the Investment Company Act if Spectra Energy
 Partners were not successful in obtaining exemptive relief or
 otherwise modifying the organizational structure or applicable
 contract rights. Registering as an investment company could,
 among other things, materially limit the ability to

 29

Table of Contents

 engage in transactions with affiliates, including the purchase
 and sale of certain securities or other property to or from its
 affiliates, restrict its ability to borrow funds or engage in
 other transactions involving leverage and require Spectra Energy
 Partners to add additional directors who are independent of
 Spectra Energy Partners or its affiliates. The occurrence of
 some or all of these events would adversely affect the price of
 the common units and could have a material adverse effect on
 Spectra Energy Partners’ business.

 Control
 of the general partner may be transferred to a third party
 without unitholder consent.

 The general partner may transfer its general partner interest to
 a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially
 all of its assets without the consent of the unitholders.
 Furthermore, the partnership agreement does not restrict the
 ability of the owners of the general partner or its parent, from
 transferring all or a portion of their respective ownership
 interest in the general partner or its parent to a third party.
 The new owners of the general partner or its parent would then
 be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers
 of its parent with its own choices and thereby influence the
 decisions taken by the board of directors and officers.

 Increases
 in interest rates could adversely affect Spectra Energy
 Partners’ unit price and the ability to issue additional
 equity to make acquisitions, incur debt or for other
 purposes.

 In recent years, the U.S. credit markets experienced
 50-year
 record lows in interest rates. If the overall economy
 strengthens, it is possible that monetary policy will tighten,
 resulting in higher interest rates to counter possible inflation
 risk. Interest rates on future credit facilities and debt
 offerings could be higher than current levels, causing financing
 costs to increase accordingly. As with other yield-oriented
 securities, Spectra Energy Partners’ unit price is affected
 by the level of cash distributions and implied distribution
 yield. Therefore, changes in interest rates may affect the yield
 requirements of investors who invest in Spectra Energy
 Partners’ units, and a rising interest rate environment
 could have an adverse effect on Spectra Energy Partners’
 unit price and the ability to issue additional equity to make
 acquisitions, to incur debt or for other purposes.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners may issue additional units without the common
 unitholders’ approval, which would dilute existing common
 unitholders’ ownership interests.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement does not
 limit the number of additional limited partner interests that
 may be issued at any time without the approval of the
 unitholders. The issuance by Spectra Energy Partners of
 additional common units or other equity securities of equal or
 senior rank will have the following effects:

 • 

 each unitholder’s proportionate ownership interest in
 Spectra Energy Partners will decrease;

 • 

 the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may
 decrease;

 • 

 because a lower percentage of total outstanding units will be
 subordinated units, the risk that a shortfall in the payment of
 the minimum quarterly distribution will be borne by Spectra
 Energy Partners’ common unitholders will increase;

 • 

 the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase;

 • 

 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit
 may be diminished; and

 • 

 the market price of the common units may decline.

 Spectra
 Energy and its affiliates may sell units in the public or
 private markets, which sales could have an adverse effect on the
 trading price of the common units.

 Spectra Energy and its affiliates hold an aggregate of
 33,129,880 common units and 21,638,730 subordinated units. All
 of the subordinated units will convert into common units at the
 end of the subordination period, which could occur on the first
 business day after June 30, 2010, and all of the
 subordinated units may convert into common units as early as
 June 30, 2008 if additional tests are satisfied. The sale
 of any of these units in the public or private markets could
 have an adverse effect on the price of the common units or on
 any trading market that may develop.

 30

Table of Contents

 The
 general partner has a limited call right that may require a
 common unitholder to sell the unitholder’s units at an
 undesirable time or price.

 If at any time the general partner and its affiliates own more
 than 80% of the common units, the general partner will have the
 right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its
 affiliates or to Spectra Energy Partners, to acquire all, but
 not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated
 persons at a price not less than their then-current market
 price. As a result, a common unitholder may be required to sell
 their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not
 receive any return on their investment. A common unitholder may
 also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. As of
 March 6, 2008, the general partner and its affiliates own
 approximately 74% of Spectra Energy Partners’ outstanding
 common units. At the end of the subordination period, assuming
 no additional issuances of common units (other than for the
 conversion of the subordinated units into common units), the
 general partner and its affiliates will own approximately 83% of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ aggregate outstanding common units.

 A
 common unitholder’s liability may not be limited if a court
 finds that unitholder action constitutes control of Spectra
 Energy Partners’ business.

 A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited
 liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for
 those contractual obligations of the partnership that are
 expressly made without recourse to the general partner. Spectra
 Energy Partners’ partnership is organized under Delaware
 law and Spectra Energy Partners conducts business in a number of
 other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of
 limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited
 partnership have not been clearly established in some of the
 states in which Spectra Energy Partners does business. A common
 unitholder could be liable for any and all of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ obligations as if a common unitholder was a
 general partner if a court or government agency determined that:

 • 

 Spectra Energy Partners was conducting business in a state but
 had not complied with that particular state’s partnership
 statute; or

 • 

 A common unitholder’s right to act with other unitholders
 to remove or replace the general partner, to approve some
 amendments to Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership
 agreement or to take other actions under the partnership
 agreement constitutes “control” of its business.

 Unitholders
 may have liability to repay distributions that were wrongfully
 distributed to them.

 Under certain circumstances, unitholders may have to repay
 amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under
 Section 17-607
 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, Spectra
 Energy Partners may not make a distribution to the unitholder if
 the distribution would cause Spectra Energy Partners’
 liabilities to exceed the fair value of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ assets. Delaware law provides that for a period
 of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution,
 limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at
 the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will
 be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution
 amount. Substituted limited partners are liable for the
 obligations of the assignor to make contributions to the
 partnership that are known to the substituted limited partner at
 the time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations
 if the liabilities could be determined from the partnership
 agreement.

 Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interest
 and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership are not
 counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is
 permitted.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners will incur increased costs as a result of being
 a publicly-traded partnership.

 Spectra Energy Partners had no history operating as a
 publicly-traded partnership prior to the IPO. As a
 publicly-traded partnership, Spectra Energy Partners will incur
 significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition,
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules
 subsequently implemented by the SEC and the New York Stock
 Exchange, have required changes in corporate governance
 practices of publicly-traded entities. Spectra Energy Partners
 expects these new rules and regulations to increase legal and
 financial compliance costs and to make activities more
 time-consuming and costly.

 31

Table of Contents

 Tax Risks
 to Common Unitholders

 Spectra
 Energy Partners’ tax treatment depends on Spectra Energy
 Partners’ status as a partnership for federal income tax
 purposes, as well as Spectra Energy Partners’ not being
 subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by
 individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS)
 treats Spectra Energy Partners as a corporation or Spectra
 Energy Partners becomes subject to a material amount of
 entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, it would
 substantially reduce the amount of cash available for
 distribution.

 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in
 Spectra Energy Partners’ common units depends largely on
 Spectra Energy Partners being treated as a partnership for
 federal income tax purposes. Spectra Energy Partners has not
 requested, and does not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS
 on this or any other tax matter affecting Spectra Energy
 Partners.

 If Spectra Energy Partners were treated as a corporation for
 federal income tax purposes, it would pay federal income tax on
 taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a
 maximum of 35% and would likely pay state income tax at varying
 rates. Distributions would generally be taxed again as corporate
 distributions, and no income, gains, losses or deductions would
 flow through to a common unitholder. Because a tax would be
 imposed upon Spectra Energy Partners as a corporation, cash
 available for distribution would be substantially reduced.
 Therefore, treatment of Spectra Energy Partners as a corporation
 would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash
 flow and after-tax return to a common unitholder, likely causing
 a substantial reduction in the value of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ common units.

 Current law may change so as to cause Spectra Energy Partners to
 be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or
 otherwise subject Spectra Energy Partners to entity-level
 taxation. In addition, because of widespread state budget
 deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways
 to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the
 imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of
 taxation.

 Spectra Energy Partners’ partnership agreement provides
 that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or
 interpreted in a manner that subjects Spectra Energy Partners to
 taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects Spectra Energy
 Partners to entity-level taxation for federal, state or local
 income tax purposes, the minimum quarterly distribution amount
 and the target distribution levels may be adjusted to reflect
 the effect of that law.

 An IRS
 contest of the federal income tax positions Spectra Energy
 Partners takes may adversely affect the market for Spectra
 Energy Partners’ common units, and the cost of any IRS
 contest will reduce cash available for
 distribution.

 Spectra Energy Partners has not requested a ruling from the IRS
 with respect to Spectra Energy Partners’ treatment as a
 partnership for federal income tax purposes or any other matter.
 The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the conclusions of
 Spectra Energy Partners. It may be necessary to resort to
 administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ counsel’s conclusions or the
 positions Spectra Energy Partners takes. A court may not agree
 with all of Spectra Energy Partners’ conclusions or
 positions Spectra Energy Partners takes. Any contest with the
 IRS may materially and adversely affect the market for Spectra
 Energy Partners’ common units and the price at which they
 trade. In addition, costs of any contest with the IRS will be
 borne indirectly by Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders
 and the general partner because the costs will reduce Spectra
 Energy Partners’ cash available for distribution.

 The
 unitholder may be required to pay taxes on the unitholder’s
 share of Spectra Energy Partners’ income even if the
 unitholder does not receive any cash
 distributions.

 Because Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders will be
 treated as partners to whom Spectra Energy Partners will
 allocate taxable income which could be different in amount than
 the cash distributed, a common unitholder will be required to
 pay any federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local
 income taxes on the common unitholder’s share of taxable
 income even if the common unitholder receives no cash
 distributions from Spectra Energy Partners. A common unitholder
 may not receive cash distributions from Spectra Energy Partners
 equal to the unitholder’s share of taxable income or even
 equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income.

 32

Table of Contents

 Tax
 gain or loss on disposition of Spectra Energy Partners’
 common units could be more or less than expected.

 If the common unitholder sells the common units, they will
 recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the
 amount realized and the common unitholder’s tax basis in
 those common units. Because distributions in excess of the
 common unitholder’s allocable share of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ net taxable income decrease the common
 unitholder’s tax basis in the common units, the amount, if
 any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the
 units the unitholder sells will, in effect, become taxable
 income to the unitholder if the unitholder sells such units at a
 price greater than the tax basis, even if the price the
 unitholder receives is less than the original cost. Furthermore,
 a substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not
 representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income due to
 potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. In
 addition, because the amount realized includes the share of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ nonrecourse liabilities, if the
 common unitholder sells the units, they may incur a tax
 liability in excess of the amount of cash the unitholder
 receives from the sale.

 Tax-exempt
 entities and foreign persons face unique tax issues from owning
 common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to
 them.

 Investment in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as
 individual retirement accounts (IRAs), other retirement plans
 and
 non-U.S. persons
 raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of
 Spectra Energy Partners’ income allocated to organizations
 that are exempt from federal income tax, including IRAs and
 other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable
 income and will be taxable to them. Distributions to

non-U.S. persons
 will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable
 effective tax rate, and

non-U.S. persons
 will be required to file United States federal tax returns and
 pay tax on their share of Spectra Energy Partners’ taxable
 income. If the unitholder is a tax-exempt entity or a foreign
 person, the unitholder should consult a tax advisor before
 investing in Spectra Energy Partners’ common units.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners will treat each purchaser of common units as
 having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual common
 units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which
 could adversely affect the value of the common
 units.

 Because Spectra Energy Partners cannot match transferors and
 transferees of common units and because of other reasons,
 Spectra Energy Partners will adopt depreciation and amortization
 positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing
 U.S. Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to
 those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax
 benefits available to the common unitholder. It also could
 affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain
 from the sale of Spectra Energy Partners’ common units and
 could have a negative effect on the value of Spectra Energy
 Partners’ common units or result in audit adjustments to
 the tax returns.

 Spectra
 Energy Partners has adopted certain valuation methodologies that
 may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction
 between the general partner and the unitholders. The IRS may
 challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value
 of the common units.

 When Spectra Energy Partners issues additional units or engages
 in certain other transactions, Spectra Energy Partners
 determines the fair market value of its assets and allocates any
 unrealized gain or loss attributable to its assets to the
 capital accounts of its unitholders and general partner. Spectra
 Energy Partners’ methodology may be viewed as understating
 the value of its assets. In that case, there may be a shift of
 income, gain, loss and deduction between certain unitholders and
 the general partner, which may be unfavorable to such
 unitholders. Moreover, subsequent purchasers of common units may
 have a greater portion of their Internal Revenue Code
 Section 743(b) adjustment allocated to Spectra Energy
 Partners’ tangible assets and a lesser portion allocated to
 its intangible assets. The IRS may challenge Spectra Energy
 Partners’ valuation methods, or its allocation of the
 Section 743(b) adjustment attributable to tangible and
 intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and
 deduction between the general partner and certain of Spectra
 Energy Partners’ unitholders.

 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could
 adversely affect the amount of taxable income or loss being
 allocated to Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders. It also
 could affect the amount of gain from

 33

Table of Contents

 Spectra Energy Partners’ unitholders’ sale of common
 units and could have a negative effect on the value of the
 common units or result in audit adjustments to unitholders’
 tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions.

 The
 sale or exchange of 50% or more of Spectra Energy Partners’
 capital and profits interests during any twelve-month period
 will result in the termination of the partnership for federal
 income tax purposes.

 Spectra Energy Partners will be considered to have terminated
 the partnership for federal income tax purposes if there is a
 sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in
 Spectra Energy Partners’ capital and profits within a
 twelve-month period. Spectra Energy Partners’ termination
 would, among other things, result in the closing of the taxable
 year for all unitholders and could result in a deferral of
 depreciation deductions allowable in computing Spectra Energy
 Partners’ taxable income.

 A
 common unitholder will likely be subject to state and local
 taxes and return filing requirements in states where the common
 unitholder does not live as a result of investing in Spectra
 Energy Partners’ common units.

 In addition to federal income taxes, a common unitholder will
 likely be subject to other taxes, including foreign, state and
 local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate,
 inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various
 jurisdictions in which Spectra Energy Partners does business or
 owns property, even if the common unitholder does not live in
 any of those jurisdictions. A common unitholder will likely be
 required to file foreign, state and local income tax returns and
 pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these
 jurisdictions. Further, a common unitholder may be subject to
 penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. Spectra
 Energy Partners will initially own assets and do business in
 Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
 Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Each of these states,
 other than Texas and Florida, currently imposes a personal
 income tax on individuals. A majority of these states impose an
 income tax on corporations and other entities. As Spectra Energy
 Partners makes acquisitions or expands its business, it may own
 assets or conduct business in additional states that impose an
 income tax. It is the common unitholder’s responsibility to
 file all United States federal, foreign, state and local tax
 returns. Spectra Energy Partners’ counsel has not rendered
 an opinion on the foreign, state or local tax consequences of an
 investment in the common units.