. 

Discussed below are the more significant risk factors relating to Spectra Energy. 

Reductions in demand for natural gas and
low market prices of commodities adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

Our regulated businesses are generally
economically stable and are not significantly affected in the short term by changing commodity prices. However, all of our businesses can be negatively affected in the long term by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy, which could
affect long-term demand and market prices for natural gas and NGLs, all of which are beyond our control and could impair the ability to meet long-term goals. 

Most of our revenues are based on regulated tariff rates, which include the recovery of certain fuel costs. However, lower overall economic output would cause a decline in the volume of natural gas transported and
distributed or gathered and processed at our plants, resulting in lower earnings and cash flows. This decline would primarily affect distribution revenues in the short term. Transmission revenues could be affected by long-term economic declines
that could result in the non-renewal of long-term contracts at the time of expiration. Lower demand for natural gas and lower prices for natural gas and NGLs could result from multiple factors that affect the markets where we operate, including:

•

 weather conditions, including abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively;

•

 supply of and demand for energy commodities, including any decreases in the production of natural gas which could negatively affect our processing business due to
lower throughput; 

•

 capacity and transmission service into, or out of, our markets; and 

•

 petrochemical demand for NGLs. 

The lack of availability of natural gas resources may cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

Our natural gas businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves. Prices for natural gas, regulatory
limitations, or a shift in supply sources could adversely affect development of additional reserves and production that are accessible by our pipeline, gathering, processing and distribution assets. Lack of commercial quantities of natural gas
available to these assets could cause customers to seek alternative energy resources, thereby reducing their reliance on our services, which in turn would materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Investments and projects located in Canada expose us to fluctuations in currency rates that may
adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and compliance with debt covenants. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk
from investments and operations in Canada. An average 10% devaluation in the Canadian dollar exchange rate during 2008 would have resulted in an estimated net loss on the translation of local currency earnings of approximately $42 million on our
Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, if a 10% devaluation had occurred on December 31, 2008, the Consolidated Balance Sheet would be negatively impacted by $523 million through a cumulative translation adjustment in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income. At December 31, 2008, one U.S. dollar translated into 1.22 Canadian dollars. 

In addition, we maintain credit
facilities that typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of total capital for Spectra Energy or of a specific subsidiary. Failure to maintain these covenants could preclude us from
issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under our revolving credit facilities and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under other revolving credit agreements, which could adversely
affect cash flow or restrict business. Foreign currency fluctuations have a direct impact on our ability to maintain certain of these financial covenants. 

Natural gas gathering and processing operations are subject to commodity price risk, which could result in losses in our earnings and reduced cash flows. 

We have gathering and processing operations that consist of contracts to buy and sell commodities, including contracts for natural gas, NGLs and other
commodities that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. We are primarily exposed to market price fluctuations of NGL prices in the Field Services segment and to frac-spreads in the Empress operations in Canada. Since NGL prices
historically track crude oil prices, we disclose our NGL price sensitivities in terms of crude oil price changes. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2008, at our forecasted NGL-to-oil price relationships, a $10 per barrel move
in oil prices would affect our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $120 million in 2009 ($110 million from Field Services and $10 million from U.S. Transmission). However, NGL prices lagged oil prices during oil’s unprecedented upward
price movement in the first half of 2008. Assuming crude oil prices average approximately $50 per barrel, each 1% change in the price relationship between NGLs and crude oil would change our annual pre-tax earnings by approximately $8 million. At
crude oil prices above $50 per barrel, the impact of a 1% change in the NGL-to-oil price relationship would increase, and at crude oil prices below $50 per barrel, the impact of a 1% change in the NGL-to-oil price relationship would decrease.

With respect to the frac-spread risk related to Empress processing and NGL marketing activities in Western Canada, as of December 31,
2008, a $0.50 change in the difference between the Btu-equivalent price of propane (used as a proxy for Empress’ NGL production) and the price of natural gas in Alberta, Canada would affect our pre-tax earnings by approximately $16 million on
an annual basis in 2009. 

These hypothetical calculations consider estimated production levels, but do not consider other potential effects
that might result from such changes in commodity prices. The actual effect of commodity price changes on our earnings could be significantly different than these estimates. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation that affects our operations and costs. 

Our U.S. assets and operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including regulation by the FERC and by various
authorities under federal, state and local environmental laws. Our natural gas assets and operations in Canada are also subject to regulation by federal, provincial and local authorities including the NEB and the OEB and by various federal and
provincial authorities under environmental laws. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business, including, among other things, the ability to determine terms and rates for services provided by some of our businesses, make acquisitions,
construct, expand and operate facilities, issue equity or debt securities, and pay dividends. 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

In addition, regulators in both the U.S. and Canada have taken actions to strengthen market forces in the
gas pipeline industry, which have led to increased competition. In a number of key markets, natural gas pipeline and storage operators are facing competitive pressure from a number of new industry participants, such as alternative suppliers as well
as traditional pipeline competitors. Increased competition driven by regulatory changes could have a material effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

Execution of our capital projects subjects us to construction risks, increases in labor and material costs and other risks that may adversely
affect our financial results. 

A significant portion of our growth is accomplished through the construction of new pipelines and
storage facilities as well as the expansion of existing facilities. Construction of these facilities is subject to various regulatory, development, operational and market risks, including: 

•

 the ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits by regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the availability of skilled labor, equipment, and materials to complete expansion projects; 

•

 potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the
anticipated cost of the project; 

•

 impediments on our ability to acquire rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms; 

•

 the ability to construct projects within anticipated costs, including the risk of cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of equipment, materials
or labor, weather, geologic conditions or other factors beyond our control, that may be material; and 

•

 general economic factors that affect the demand for natural gas infrastructure. 

Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding, delay its completion or increase its anticipated costs. As a result, new facilities may not
achieve their expected investment return, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and distribution activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise affect our operations. 

There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent in natural gas gathering and processing, transmission and storage, and distribution
activities, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems that could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in significant injury, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and
impairment of operations, any of which could result in substantial losses. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the
level of damage resulting from these risks could be greater. We do not maintain insurance coverage against all of these risks and losses, and any insurance coverage we might maintain may not fully cover the damages caused by those risks and losses.
Therefore, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which requires significant capital expenditures, can increase our cost of operations, and may affect or limit our business plans, or
expose us to environmental liabilities. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of
our present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. These laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. These laws and regulations
generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

inspections and other approvals. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup
costs and damages arising out of contaminated properties, and failure to comply with environmental regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting our operating assets. In addition, changes in
environmental laws and regulations or the enactment of new environmental laws or regulations could result in a material increase in our cost of compliance with such laws and regulations. We may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all
required environmental regulatory approvals for our operating assets or development projects. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, if we fail to obtain or comply with them or if environmental laws or
regulations change or are administered in a more stringent manner, the operation of facilities or the development of new facilities could be prevented, delayed or become subject to additional costs. No assurance can be made that the costs that will
be incurred to comply with environmental regulations in the future will not have a material adverse effect. 

While Canada is a signatory to
the United Nations-sponsored Kyoto Protocol, which prescribes specific targets to reduce GHG emissions for developed countries for the 2008-2012 period, the Canadian federal government has confirmed it will not achieve the
targets within the timeframes specified. Instead, the federal government in 2008 outlined a regulatory framework mandating GHG reductions from large final emitters. The framework requires GHG emissions intensity reductions of 18% beginning
in 2010, with further reductions of 2% per year thereafter. Regulatory design details from the Government of Canada associated with the framework remain forthcoming. We expect a number of our assets and operations will be affected by pending
federal climate change regulations, but the materiality of any potential compliance costs is unknown at this time as the final form of the regulation and compliance options has yet to be determined by policymakers. 

In 2007, the Province of Alberta adopted legislation which requires existing large emitters (facilities releasing 100,000 tons or more of
GHG emissions annually) to reduce their annual emissions intensity by 12% beginning July 1, 2007. In 2008, two of our facilities were subject to this regulation. The regulation has not had a material impact on our
consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

Due to the substantial uncertainty of the Canadian federal and
provincial policies, we cannot estimate the potential effects of GHG regulation in Canada on business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. When policies become sufficiently certain to support a meaningful assessment, we will do so.

We are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcome of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to us could negatively
affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to numerous legal proceedings. Litigation is
subject to many uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of individual matters with assurance. It is reasonably possible that the final resolution of some of the matters in which we are involved could require additional expenditures, in
excess of established reserves, over an extended period of time and in a range of amounts that could have a material effect on our cash flows and results of operations. 

We rely on access to short-term and long-term capital markets to finance capital requirements and support liquidity needs, and access to those markets can be adversely affected, particularly if we or our rated
subsidiaries are unable to maintain an investment-grade credit rating, which could adversely affect our cash flows or restrict business. 

Our business is financed to a large degree through debt. The maturity and repayment profile of debt used to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from assets. Accordingly, we rely on access to both short-term and
long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flows from operations and to fund investments originally financed through debt. Our senior unsecured long-term debt is currently rated
investment-grade by various rating agencies. If the rating agencies were to rate us or our rated subsidiaries below investment-grade, our borrowing costs would increase, perhaps significantly. In addition, we would likely be required to pay a higher
interest rate in future financings, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We maintain revolving credit facilities to provide back-up for commercial paper programs for borrowings
and/or letters of credit at various entities. These facilities typically include financial covenants which limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of the total capital for the specific entity. Failure to maintain these
covenants at a particular entity could preclude that entity from issuing commercial paper or letters of credit or borrowing under the revolving credit facility and could require other affiliates to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts
under other revolving credit agreements, which could adversely affect cash flow or restrict businesses. Furthermore, if our short-term debt rating were to be below tier 2 (e.g. A-2/P-2, S&P and Moody’s, respectively), access to the
commercial paper market could be significantly limited, although this would not affect our ability to draw under the credit facilities. 

If
we are not able to access capital at competitive rates, our ability to finance operations and implement our strategy may be adversely affected. Restrictions on our ability to access financial markets may also affect our ability to execute our
business plan as scheduled. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may otherwise rely on for future growth. Any downgrade or other event negatively affecting the credit ratings of our
subsidiaries could make their costs of borrowing higher or access to funding sources more limited, which in turn could increase our need to provide liquidity in the form of capital contributions or loans to such subsidiaries, thus reducing the
liquidity and borrowing availability of the consolidated group. 

Conditions in the general credit markets have deteriorated since the third
quarter of 2008, with widening credit spreads and a lack of liquidity, including certain debt markets being substantially closed. There can be no assurances that this credit crisis will not worsen or impact the availability and cost of debt
financing, including any refinancings of the obligations described above. 

We may be unable to secure long-term transportation
agreements, which could expose our transportation volumes and revenues to increased volatility. 

In the future, we may be unable to
secure long-term transportation agreements for our gas transmission business as a result of economic factors, lack of commercial gas supply to our systems, increased competition or changes in regulation. Without long-term transportation agreements,
our revenues and contract volumes would be exposed to increased volatility. The inability to secure these agreements would materially adversely affect our business, earnings, financial condition and cash flows. 

Market based natural gas storage operations are subject to commodity price volatility, which could result in variability in our earnings and cash
flows. 

We have market based rates for some of our storage operations and sell our storage services based on natural gas market
spreads and volatility. If natural gas market spreads or volatility deviate from historical norms or there is significant growth in the amount of storage capacity available to natural gas markets relative to demand, our approach to managing our
market-based storage contract portfolio may not protect us from significant variations in storage revenues. 

Native land claims have
been asserted in British Columbia and Alberta, which could affect future access to public lands, and the success of these claims could have a significant adverse effect on natural gas production and processing. 

Certain aboriginal groups have claimed aboriginal and treaty rights over a substantial portion of public lands on which our facilities in British
Columbia and Alberta, and the gas supply areas served by those facilities, are located. The existence of these claims, which range from the assertion of rights of limited use to aboriginal title, has given rise to some uncertainty regarding access
to public lands for future development purposes. Such claims, if successful, could have a significant adverse effect on natural gas production in British Columbia and Alberta, which could have a material adverse effect on the volume of natural gas
processed at our facilities and of NGLs and other products transported in the associated pipelines. We cannot predict the outcome of these claims or the effect they may ultimately have on our business and operations. 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Protecting against potential terrorist activities requires significant capital expenditures and a
successful terrorist attack could adversely affect our business. 

Acts of terrorism and any possible reprisals as a consequence of
any action by the United States and its allies could be directed against companies operating in the United States. This risk is particularly great for companies, like ours, operating in any energy infrastructure industry that handles volatile
gaseous and liquid hydrocarbons. The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, we may experience increased capital and operating costs to
implement increased security for our facilities and pipelines, such as additional physical facility and pipeline security, and additional security personnel. Moreover, any physical damage to high profile facilities resulting from acts of terrorism
may not be covered, or covered fully, by insurance. We may be required to expend material amounts of capital to repair any facilities, the expenditure of which could adversely affect our cash flows and business. 

Poor investment performance of our pension plan holdings and other factors affecting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our earnings,
financial position and liquidity. 

Our costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a
number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation and our required or voluntary contributions
made to the plans. Without sustained growth in the pension plan investments over time to increase the value of our plan assets, and depending upon the other factors impacting our costs as listed above, we could be required to fund our plans with
significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could have a material effect on our earnings and cash flows.