Introduction 

        Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. These are the most significant risk
factors; however, they are not the only risk factors that should be considered in making an investment decision. 

        This
Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains and may incorporate by reference from the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or from
exhibits, forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" below. The Company's actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including the risks faced by the Company described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or in documents incorporated by reference in this report. 

        The
Company's business, consolidated financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of the Company's
securities could decline due to any of these risks, and investors in the Company's securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

 If the settlement of the asbestos-related claims that the Company has agreed to (the "Settlement agreement") is not implemented, the Company will not be released from the
various asbestos-related, fraudulent transfer, successor liability, and indemnification claims made against it arising from a 1998 transaction with W. R. Grace & Co. Further, the Company
is a defendant in a lawsuit seeking class action status concerning the Company's public disclosures regarding these asbestos-related claims. The Company is also a defendant in a number of
asbestos-related actions in Canada arising from W. R Grace & Co.'s activities in Canada prior to the 1998 transaction. 

        On November 27, 2002, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the Official Committee of Asbestos Personal Injury
Claimants (the "ACC") and the Official Committee of Asbestos Property Damage Claimants appointed to represent asbestos claimants in the W. R. Grace & Co. ("Grace") bankruptcy case to
resolve all current and future asbestos-related claims made against the Company and its affiliates. The Settlement agreement will also resolve the fraudulent transfer claims and successor liability
claims, as well as indemnification claims by Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. and affiliated companies in connection with the Cryovac transaction. The Cryovac transaction was a
multi-step transaction, completed on March 31, 1998, which brought the Cryovac packaging business and the former Sealed Air Corporation's business under the common ownership of the
Company. The parties to the agreement in principle signed the definitive Settlement agreement as of November 10, 2003 consistent with the terms of the agreement in principle. On June 27,
2005, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, where the Grace bankruptcy case is pending, signed an order approving the definitive Settlement agreement. Although Grace is not a party
to the Settlement agreement, under the terms of the order, Grace is directed to comply with the Settlement agreement subject to limited exceptions. If the Settlement agreement does not become
effective, either because Grace fails to emerge from bankruptcy or because Grace does not emerge from bankruptcy with a plan of reorganization that is consistent with the terms of the Settlement
agreement, then the Company will not be released from the various asbestos-related, fraudulent transfer, successor liability, and indemnification claims made against the Company and its affiliates
noted above, and all of these claims would remain pending and would have to be resolved through other means, such as through agreement on alternative settlement terms or trials. In that case, the
Company could face liabilities that are significantly different from its obligations under the Settlement agreement. The Company cannot estimate at this time what those differences or their magnitude
may be. In the event these liabilities are materially larger than the current 

8

Table of Contents

existing
obligations, they could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

        On
September 19, 2008, Grace, the ACC, the Asbestos PI Future Claimants' Representative (the "FCR"), and the Official Committee of Equity Security Holders (the "Equity Committee")
filed, as co-proponents, a plan of reorganization (as filed from time to time, the "PI Settlement Plan") and several exhibits and associated documents, including a disclosure statement (as
filed and amended from time to time, the "PI Settlement Disclosure Statement"), with the Bankruptcy Court. Amended versions of the PI Settlement Plan and the PI Settlement Disclosure Statement have
been filed with the Bankruptcy Court from time to time, with the most recent version having been filed on February 27, 2009. As filed, the PI Settlement Plan would provide for the establishment
of two asbestos trusts under Section 524(g) of the United States Bankruptcy Code to which present and future asbestos-related claims would be channeled. The PI Settlement Plan also contemplates
that the terms of the Company's definitive Settlement agreement will be incorporated into the PI Settlement Plan and that the Company will pay the amount contemplated by that agreement. The Company is
reviewing the PI Settlement Plan on an ongoing basis to verify that it complies with the Settlement agreement. While confirmation hearings on the PI Settlement Plan are currently scheduled for June
and September 2009 (with potential pre-trial conferences currently scheduled in July), the Company does not know whether or when a final plan of reorganization will become effective or whether the
final plan will be consistent with the terms of the Company's definitive Settlement agreement. 

        The
Company is a defendant in the case of 
Louisiana Municipal Police Employees Retirement System v. Hickey, et al.

 (Case
No. 03-CV-4372) in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey (Newark). This lawsuit seeks class action status on behalf of all persons who purchased or
otherwise acquired securities of the Company during the period from March 27, 2000 through July 30, 2002. The lawsuit named the Company and five current and former officers and directors
of the Company as defendants. One of these individuals and the Company remain as defendants after a partial grant of the defendants' motion to dismiss the action. The plaintiff's principal allegations
against the defendants are that during the above period the defendants materially misled the investing public, artificially inflated the price of the Company's common stock by publicly issuing false
and misleading statements and violated U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or U.S. GAAP, by failing to properly account and accrue for the Company's contingent liability for asbestos
claims arising from past operations of Grace. The plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory damages and other relief. If the Court determines that the Company is liable in this case, the Company could
be required to pay substantial damages, which the Company cannot estimate at this time and which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

        Since
November 2004, the Company and specified subsidiaries have been named as defendants in a number of cases, including a number of putative class actions, brought in Canada as a
result of Grace's alleged marketing, manufacturing or distributing of asbestos or asbestos-containing products in Canada prior to the Cryovac transaction in 1998. Grace has agreed to defend and
indemnify the Company and its subsidiaries in these cases. The Canadian cases are currently stayed. A global settlement of these Canadian claims to be funded by Grace has been approved by the Canadian
court, and the PI Settlement Plan provides for payment of these claims. The global settlement of the Canadian claims will, unless amended, become null and void if a confirmation order in the Grace
U.S. bankruptcy proceeding is not granted prior to October 31, 2009. If a final plan of reorganization that is confirmed and becomes effective does not provide for these claims or if the
Canadian courts refuse to enforce the final plan of reorganization in the Canadian courts, and if in addition Grace is unwilling or unable to defend and indemnify the Company and its subsidiaries in
these cases, then the Company could be required to pay substantial damages, which the Company cannot estimate at this time and which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial position and results of operations. 

        For
further information concerning these matters, see Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under "Settlement agreement and
Related Costs," "Cryovac Transaction," and "Contingencies Related to the Cryovac Transaction." 

9

Table of Contents

 Weakened global economic conditions have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

        Weakened global economic conditions can have an adverse impact on the Company's business in the form of lower sales due to weakened
demand, unfavorable changes in product price/mix, and lower profit margins. 

        During
periods of economic recession, there can be a heightened competition for sales and increased pressure to reduce selling prices. If the Company loses significant sales volume or
reduces its selling prices signficantly, then there could be a negative impact on the Company's revenue, profitability and cash flows. 

        Also,
reduced availability of credit may adversely affect the ability of some of the Company's customers and suppliers to obtain funds for operations and capital expenditures. This could
negatively impact the Company's ability to obtain necessary supplies as well as its sales of materials and equipment to affected customers and could result in reduced collections of outstanding
accounts receivable. 

 The disruption and volatility of the financial and credit markets could affect external liquidity sources for the Company. 

        The Company's principal sources of liquidity are accumulated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flow
from operations and amounts available under its existing lines of credit, including its revolving credit facility, the ANZ facility and its accounts receivable securitization program, as described
below in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

        The
Company's 6.95% Senior Notes are due on May 15, 2009. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to make the payment under the Settlement agreement and related accrued interest
in 2009, although there is no certainty that the payment will be due in 2009. On June 30, 2010, the holders of the Company's 3% Convertible Senior Notes have the option to require the Company
to repurchase those notes. These items are in addition to capital expenditures and other uses of cash that the Company may incur. While the Company projects that it should have sufficient liquidity to
fund these obligations as well as its operating and investing cash requirements from current sources, the Company may need to raise additional funds from external sources. If the financial and credit
markets continue to experience disruption and volatility, the Company may experience difficulty obtaining external funding and could incur increased financing costs. 

        Additionally,
current conditions in financial markets, including the bankruptcy and restructuring of certain financial institutions, could affect financial institutions with which the
Company has relationships and could result in adverse effects on the Company's ability to fully utilize its committed borrowing facilities. For example, another lender under the revolving credit
facility may be unwilling or unable to fund a borrowing request, and the Company may not be able to replace such lender. 

 Covenant restrictions under the Company's credit arrangements may pose a risk. 

        The Company has a number of credit facilities, including its revolving credit facility and its ANZ facility, and also has an accounts
receivable securitization program, and has issued debt securities to manage liquidity and fund operations. The agreements relating to these facilities and securities generally contain certain
restrictive covenants, including the incurrence of additional indebtedness, restriction of liens and sale and leaseback transactions, financial covenants relating to interest coverage, debt leverage
and minimum liquidity, and restrictions on consolidation and merger transactions, as well as, in some cases, restrictions on amendments to the Settlement agreement. Although the Company does not
believe that any of these covenants presently materially restricts its operations, a breach of one or more of the covenants
could result in material adverse consequences that could negatively impact the business, consolidated results of operations and financial position of the Company. Such adverse consequences may include
the acceleration of amounts outstanding under certain of the facilities, triggering the obligation to redeem certain debt securities, termination of existing unused commitments by the Company's
lenders, refusal by lenders to extend further credit under one or more of the facilities or new facilities, or the lowering or modification of the Company's credit ratings. 

10

Table of Contents 

 A downgrade of the Company's credit ratings could have a negative impact on the Company's costs and ability to access credit markets. 

        In January 2009, Standard & Poor's revised the Company's long-term senior unsecured debt rating from
BBB- to BB+ and revised the outlook to stable. The revised rating is considered below investment grade. The Company's long-term senior unsecured debt rating is currently rated
Baa3 (negative outlook) by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. This rating is considered investment grade. If the Company's credit ratings are further downgraded, there could be a negative impact
on the Company's ability to access capital markets and borrowing costs could increase. 

 The global nature of the Company's operations in the United States and in 51 foreign countries exposes it to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect its
consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

        The Company operates in the United States and in 51 other countries, and its products are distributed in those countries as well as in
other parts of the world. A large portion of the Company's manufacturing operations are located outside of the United States. Operations outside of the
United States, particularly operations in emerging markets, are subject to various risks that may not be present or as significant for the Company's U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of
the geographic regions in which the Company operates, including emerging markets, could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from the Company's operations in those
areas. 

        Risks
inherent in the Company's international operations include social plans that prohibit or increase the cost of certain restructuring actions; exchange controls; foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations including devaluations; the potential for changes in local economic conditions including local inflationary pressures; restrictive governmental actions such as those on
transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection matters, including antidumping duties, tariffs, embargoes and prohibitions or restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; changes in laws and
regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade and foreign investment; the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign
legal systems; variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; more expansive legal rights of foreign unions or works councils, the potential for nationalization of
enterprises; and unsettled political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against United States or other interests. In addition, there are potential tax inefficiencies in repatriating funds from
the Company's non-U.S. subsidiaries. 

        These
and other factors may have a material adverse effect on the Company's international operations and, consequently, on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

 Strengthening of the U.S. dollar and other foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could materially impact the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

        During 2008, approximately 55% of the Company's sales originated outside the United States. The Company translates sales and other
results denominated in foreign currency into U.S. dollars for the consolidated financial statements. During periods of a strengthening U.S. dollar, the Company's reported international sales and
earnings could be reduced because foreign currencies may translate into fewer U. S. dollars. 

        Also,
while the Company generally produces in the same geographic markets as its products are sold, expenses are relatively concentrated in the United States compared with sales, so that
in a time of strengthening of the U.S. dollar, the Company's profit margins could be reduced. While the Company uses financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, this does not
insulate the Company completely from currency effects. 

        The
Company may use financial instruments from time to time to manage exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which use exposes the Company to counterparty credit risk for
nonperformance. See Note 12, "Derivatives and Hedging Activities," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

11

Table of Contents

 The full realization of the Company's deferred tax assets, including primarily those related to the Settlement agreement and the other than temporary impairment of the
Company's investments in auction rate securities, may be affected by a number of factors. 

        The Company has deferred tax assets related to the Settlement agreement, the other than temporary impairment of its investments in
auction rate securities, other accruals not yet deductible for tax purposes, foreign net operating loss carry forwards and investment tax allowances, employee benefit items, and other items. It has
established valuation allowances to reduce those deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company's ability to utilize these deferred tax assets depends in
part upon its future operating results and the availability of tax planning strategies. The Company expects to realize these assets over an extended period. Consequently, changes in tax laws,
assumptions and the effectiveness of tax planning strategies could cause actual results to differ from projections. 

        The
Company's largest deferred tax asset relates to its Settlement agreement, including accrued interest. The value of this asset may be affected by the Company's tax situation at the
time of the payment under the Settlement agreement as well as by the value of the Company's common stock at that time. The deferred tax asset reflects the fair market value of 18 million shares
of the Company's common stock at a post-split price of $17.86 per share based on the price when the Settlement agreement was reached in 2002. 

 The Company's annual effective tax rate can materially change as a result of changes in mix of earnings and other factors. 

        The Company's overall effective tax rate is equal to the Company's total tax expense as a percentage of total earnings before tax.
However, tax expense and benefits are not recognized on a global basis but rather on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis. Changes in statutory tax rates and laws and ongoing audits by domestic and
international authorities could affect the amount of income taxes and other taxes paid by the Company. Also, changes in the mix of earnings between jurisdictions and assumptions used in the
calculation of income taxes, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the Company's overall effective tax rate. 

 The Company experiences competition in its operating segments and in the geographic areas in which it operates. 

        The Company's products compete with similar products made by other manufacturers and with a number of other types of materials or
products. The Company competes on the basis of performance characteristics of its products, as well as service, price and innovations in technology. A number of competing domestic and foreign
companies are strong, well-established companies. The Company's inability to maintain a competitive advantage could result in lower prices or lower sales volume, which would have a
negative impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 A slowing pipeline of new technologies and solutions at favorable margins could adversely affect the Company's performance and prospects for future growth. 

        The Company's competitive advantage is due in part to the ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at favorable
margins. The development and introduction cycle of new products can be lengthy and involve high levels of investment. New products may not meet sales expectations or margin expectations due to many
factors, including the Company's inability to accurately predict demand, end-user preferences and evolving industry standards, to resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely
and cost-effective manner, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies. 

 The effects of animal and food-related health issues such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, also known as "mad cow" disease,
foot-and-mouth disease and avian influenza or "bird-flu," as well as other health issues affecting the food industry, may lead to decreased revenues for the
Company. 

        The Company manufactures and sells food packaging and food solutions products, among other products. Various health issues affecting
the food industry have in the past and may in the future have a negative effect on the sales of food packaging and food solutions products. In recent years, occasional cases of mad cow disease have
been confirmed and incidents of bird flu have continued to surface in various countries. Outbreaks of animal diseases such as mad cow or foot-and-mouth disease, for example,
may lead governments to restrict exports and imports of potentially affected animals and food products, leading to decreased demand for the Company's products and possibly also to the culling or
slaughter of significant 

12

Table of Contents

numbers
of the animal population otherwise intended for food supply. Also, consumers may change their eating habits as a result of perceived problems with certain types of food. These factors may lead
to reduced sales of food packaging and food solutions products by the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 A major loss of or disruption in the Company's manufacturing and distribution operations or its information systems and telecommunication resources could adversely affect
the Company's business. 

        If the Company experienced a natural disaster, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes or other severe weather events, or a casualty
loss from an event such as a fire or flood, at one of its larger strategic facilities or if such event affected a key supplier, the Company's supply chain, or its information systems and
telecommunication resources, then there could be a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations. 

 The price of the Company's common stock has on occasion experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. The sale of substantial amounts of the Company's common stock
could adversely affect the price of the common stock. One stockholder has beneficial ownership of approximately 37% of the Company's common shares. 

        The market price of the Company's common stock has experienced and may continue to experience significant price and volume fluctuations
greater than those experienced by the broader stock market. In addition, the Company's announcements of its quarterly operating results, future developments relating to the W. R.
Grace & Co. bankruptcy, additional litigation against the Company, the effects of animal and food-related health issues, spikes in raw material and energy-related costs,
changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets and other developments affecting the Company, its customers, suppliers and competitors could cause the market price of the common
stock to fluctuate substantially. 

        The
sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of the Company's common stock in the public market could adversely affect the price of the common stock. According to a
Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC, dated as of February 12, 2009, Davis Selected Advisers, L.P. reported beneficial ownership of 57,784,149 shares, or approximately 37%, of the
outstanding shares of the Company's common stock. 

        While
the Schedule 13G/A filed by Davis Selected Advisers indicates that the beneficially-owned shares of the Company's common stock were not acquired for the purpose of changing
or influencing the control of the Company, if that stockholder were to change its purpose for holding the Company's common stock from investment to attempting to change or influence the management of
the Company, this concentration of the Company's common stock could potentially affect the Company and the price of its common stock. Also, Davis Selected Advisers has a significant voting block with
respect to matters submitted to a stockholder vote, including the election of directors and the approval of potential business combination transactions. 

 The Company's ability to successfully achieve the targeted benefits associated with its cost reduction and productivity program and its global manufacturing strategy could
affect its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

        The Company is in various stages of completion of a cost reduction and productivity program and its global manufacturing strategy. The
goals of these initiatives include the expansion of capacity in growing markets, better operating efficiencies, a lower cost structure, more effective technology implementation and increased
productivity. There can be no assurances that the estimated costs savings or efficiencies will materialize to the extent intended. There are risks inherent in undertaking such programs, including the
sustainability of developing markets, shifts in customer preferences, competitive forces and technologies, cost overruns and unanticipated consequences, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 The current weakness in the financial and credit markets and other factors could potentially lead to the carrying amount of the Company's goodwill and other
long-lived assets becoming impaired and its investments in auction rate securities becoming further impaired. 

        At December 31, 2008, the Company's goodwill balance was $1,938.1 million. In accordance with the provisions of SFAS
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," the Company performs an annual impairment review of goodwill, which it does during the fourth quarter of each year and at other times if events
and circumstances exist that indicate the carrying value of goodwill may potentially be no longer 

13

Table of Contents

recoverable.
The Company uses a fair value approach to test goodwill for impairment. The Company must recognize an impairment charge for the amount, if any, by which the carrying amount of goodwill
exceeds its implied fair value. The Company derives an estimate of fair values for each of the Company's reporting units using a combination of an income approach and two market approaches, each based
on an applicable weighting. The income approach is based upon the present value of expected cash flows. Expected cash flows are converted to present value using factors that consider the timing and
risk of the future cash flows. The Company uses two market approaches. The first market approach estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by applying EBITDA (as defined in footnote 5 to
Item 6. Selected Financial Data) multiples to the reporting unit's operating performance. The EBITDA multiples are derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar investment
characteristics to the reporting unit. The second market approach is based on the publicly traded common shares of the Company, and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is based on the
applicable EBITDA multiples of the Company. 

        The
Company has completed step one of its impairment test and fair value analysis for goodwill, and there were no impairments present and no impairment charge was recorded during the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006. Although the Company determined that there was no goodwill impairment in 2008, the future occurrence of a potential indicator of impairment, such
as a decrease in expected earnings, adverse equity market conditions, a decline in current market multiples, a decline in the Company's common stock price, a significant adverse change in legal
factors or business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions, or a
more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of, could require an interim assessment
for some or all of the reporting units prior to the next required annual assessment. In the event of significant adverse changes of the nature described above, the Company might have to recognize a
non-cash impairment of goodwill, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

        The
Company recorded a $34.0 million pre-tax charge in 2008 as a result of recognizing impairment related to an other than temporary decline in the fair market value
of its auction rate securities investments. This impairment was due to the continuing decline in the creditworthiness of the issuers of these securities and the lack of a market for auction rate
securities generally. The original cost of the Company's auction rate securities investments was $44.7 million and the estimated remaining fair market value was $10.7 million at
December 31, 2008. The Company continues to monitor developments in the market for auction rate securities including the specific securities in which it has invested. If liquidity conditions
relating to these securities, or the issuers worsen, the Company may recognize additional other than temporary impairments, which would result in the recognition of additional losses on its condensed
consolidated statement of operations. 

 The Company's subsidiaries hold substantially all of its assets and conduct substantially all of its operations, and as a result the Company relies on distributions or
advances from its subsidiaries. 

        The Company conducts substantially all of its business through two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries, Cryovac, Inc. and Sealed
Air Corporation (US). These two subsidiaries, directly and indirectly, own substantially all of the assets of the Company's business and conduct operations themselves and through other subsidiaries
around the globe. Therefore, the Company depends on distributions or advances from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends with respect to shares of its
common stock. Contractual provisions, laws or regulations to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries may become subject, tax inefficiencies and the financial condition and operating requirements
of subsidiaries may reduce funds available for service of the Company's indebtedness, dividends, and general corporate purposes. 

 Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

        The SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking statements so that investors can better understand a company's future
prospects and make informed investment decisions. Some of the Company's statements in this report, in documents incorporated by reference into this report and in the Company's future oral and written
statements, may be forward-looking. These statements reflect the Company's beliefs and expectations as to future events and trends affecting the Company's business, its consolidated financial position
and its results of operations. These forward-looking statements are based upon the Company's 

14

Table of Contents

current
expectations concerning future events and discuss, among other things, anticipated future performance and future business plans. Forward-looking statements are identified by such words and
phrases as "anticipates," "believes," "could be," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may,""plans to," "will" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to risks and
uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the Company that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. 

        While
investors should carefully consider the most significant risk factors discussed by the Company above, the list is not intended to set forth all risks that the Company may face and
there could be other factors that affect the Company's future financial position and results of operations. Examples of such factors include: disruptions to data or voice networks; changes in interest
rates; the Company's ability to hire, develop and retain talented employees worldwide; and legal and environmental matters. 

        Except
as required by the federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.