Introduction 

Investors
should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. These are the most significant risk factors, however, they are not the only risk factors that you should consider in making an investment decision. This
Form 10-K also contains and may incorporate by reference forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the “Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The
trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and investors in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Weakened global economic conditions have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

Weakened global economic conditions have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business in the form of lower net sales due
to weakened demand, unfavorable changes in product price/mix, or lower profit margins. For example, the recent global economic downturn has adversely impacted some of our end-users and customers, such as food processors, distributors, supermarket
retailers, hotels, restaurants, retail establishments, other retailers and e-commerce and mail order fulfillment firms, and other end-users that are particularly sensitive to business and consumer spending. 

During economic downturns or recessions, there can be a heightened competition for sales and increased pressure to reduce selling prices
as our customers may reduce their volume of purchases from us. If we lose significant sales volume or reduce selling prices significantly, then there could be a negative impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations,
profitability and cash flows. 

Also, reduced availability of credit may adversely affect the ability of some of our customers
and suppliers to obtain funds for operations and capital expenditures. This could negatively impact our ability to obtain necessary supplies as well as our sales of materials and equipment to affected customers. This also could result in reduced or
delayed collections of outstanding accounts receivable. 

The global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could
materially adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

We operate in 62
countries, and our products are distributed in those countries as well as in other parts of the world. A large portion of our manufacturing operations are located outside of the United States and a majority of our net sales are generated outside of
the United States. Operations outside of the United States, particularly operations in developing regions, are subject to various risks that may not be present or as significant for our U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of the geographic
regions in which we operate, including developing regions, could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those areas. 

Risks inherent in our international operations include: 

•

 foreign currency exchange controls and tax rates; 

•

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations; 

•

 the potential for changes in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures; 

•

 restrictive governmental actions such as those on transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection matters, including antidumping duties,
tariffs, embargoes and prohibitions or restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 

•

 changes in laws and regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade and foreign investment;

•

 the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

•

 variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 

•

 more expansive legal rights of foreign unions or works councils; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

 social plans that prohibit or increase the cost of certain restructuring actions; 

•

 the potential for nationalization of enterprises or facilities; and 

•

 unsettled political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against U.S. or other interests. 

In addition, there are potential tax inefficiencies in repatriating funds from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. 

These and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our international operations and, consequently, on our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. 

If the Settlement agreement (as defined in Note 17, “Commitments and
Contingencies”) is not implemented, we will not be released from the various asbestos-related, fraudulent transfer, successor liability, and indemnification claims made against us arising from a 1998 transaction with Grace. We have no control
over the timing of the cash payment required from us under the Settlement agreement. We are also a defendant in a number of asbestos-related actions in Canada arising from Grace’s activities in Canada prior to the 1998 transaction.

On March 31, 1998, Sealed Air completed a multi-step transaction (the “Cryovac transaction”) involving
Grace which brought the Cryovac packaging business and the former Sealed Air Corporation’s business under the common ownership of the Company. As part of that transaction, Grace and its subsidiaries retained all liabilities arising out of their
operations before the Cryovac transaction (including asbestos-related liabilities), other than liabilities relating to Cryovac’s operations, and agreed to indemnify the Company with respect to such retained liabilities. Since 2000, the Company
has been served with a number of lawsuits alleging that, as a result of the Cryovac transaction, the Company is responsible for the alleged asbestos liabilities of Grace and its subsidiaries. While they vary, these suits all appear to allege that
the transfer of the Cryovac business was a fraudulent transfer or gave rise to successor liability. On April 2, 2001, Grace and certain of its subsidiaries filed for Chapter 11 relief in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”). In connection with Grace’s Chapter 11 case, the Bankruptcy Court issued orders dated May 3, 2001 and January 22, 2002, staying all asbestos actions against the Company. However, the
official committees appointed to represent asbestos claimants in Grace’s Chapter 11 case (the “Committees”) received the court’s permission to pursue fraudulent transfer and other claims against the Company and its
subsidiary Cryovac, Inc. based upon the Cryovac transaction. This proceeding was brought in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “District Court”) (Adv. No. 02-02210). 

On November 27, 2002, we reached an agreement in principle with the Committees to resolve the fraudulent transfer proceeding and all
current and future asbestos-related claims made against us and our affiliates in connection with the Cryovac transaction. The Settlement agreement will also resolve the fraudulent transfer claims and successor liability claims, as well as
indemnification claims by Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. and affiliated companies in connection with the Cryovac transaction. The parties to the agreement in principle signed the definitive Settlement agreement as of November 10, 2003
consistent with the terms of the agreement in principle. On June 27, 2005, the Bankruptcy Court signed an order approving the definitive Settlement agreement. Although Grace is not a party to the Settlement agreement, under the terms of the
order, Grace is directed to comply with the Settlement agreement subject to limited exceptions. On September 19, 2008, Grace, the Official Committee of Asbestos Personal Injury Claimants, the Asbestos PI Future Claimants’ Representative
(the “FCR”), and the Official Committee of Equity Security Holders (the “Equity Committee”) filed, as co-proponents, a plan of reorganization (as filed and amended from time to time, the “PI Settlement Plan”) and
several exhibits and associated documents, including a disclosure statement (as filed and amended from time to time, the “PI Settlement Disclosure Statement”), with the Bankruptcy Court. As filed, the PI Settlement Plan would provide for
the establishment of two asbestos trusts under Section 524(g) of the United States Bankruptcy Code to which present and future asbestos-related claims would be channeled. The PI Settlement Plan also contemplates that the terms of our definitive
Settlement agreement will be incorporated into the PI Settlement Plan and that we will pay the amount contemplated by that agreement. 

On January 31, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered a memorandum opinion (the “Bankruptcy Court Opinion”) overruling certain objections to the PI Settlement Plan. On the same date, the
Bankruptcy Court entered an order regarding confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan (the “Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order”). As entered on January 31, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order contained recommended findings of
fact and conclusions of law, and recommended that the District Court approve the Confirmation Order, and that the District Court confirm the PI Settlement Plan and issue a channeling injunction under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.
Thereafter, on February 15, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court issued an order clarifying the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order (the “Clarifying Order”). Among other things, the Clarifying Order provided
that any references in the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order to a recommendation that the District Court confirm the PI Settlement Plan were thereby amended to make clear that the PI Settlement Plan was confirmed
and that the Bankruptcy Court was requesting that the District Court issue and affirm the Confirmation Order including the injunction under 

16 

Table of Contents

Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. On March 11, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order
granting in part and denying in part a motion to reconsider the Bankruptcy Court Opinion filed by BNSF Railway Company (the “March 11 Order”). Among other things, the March 11 Order amended the Bankruptcy Court Opinion to clarify
certain matters relating to objections to the PI Settlement Plan filed by BNSF. 

Various parties appealed or otherwise
challenged the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order, including without limitation with respect to issues relating to releases and injunctions contained in the PI Settlement Plan. On June 28 and 29, 2011, the
District Court heard oral arguments in connection with appeals of the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order. On January 30, 2012, the District Court issued a memorandum opinion (the “District Court
Opinion”) and confirmation order (the “District Court Confirmation Order”) overruling all objections to the PI Settlement Plan and confirming the PI Settlement Plan in its entirety (including the issuance of the injunction under
Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code). On February 2, 2012, Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC (“Garlock”) filed a motion (the “Garlock Reargument Motion”) with the District Court requesting that the District Court grant
reargument, rehearing, or otherwise amend the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order insofar as they overrule Garlock’s objections to the PI Settlement Plan. On February 13, 2012, the Company, Cryovac, and
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. filed a joint motion (the “Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion”) with the District Court. The Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion does not seek to disturb confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan but requests that the
District Court amend and clarify certain matters in the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order. Also on February 13, 2012, Grace and the other proponents of the PI Settlement Plan filed a motion (the “Plan
Proponents’ Motion”) with the District Court requesting certain of the same amendments and clarifications sought by the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion. On February 27, 2012, certain asbestos claimants known as the “Libby
Claimants” filed a response to the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion and the Plan Proponents’ Motion (the “Libby Response”). The Libby Response does not oppose the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion or the Plan Proponents’ Motion but
indicates, among other things, that: (a) the Libby Claimants have reached a settlement in principle of their objections to the PI Settlement Plan but that this settlement has not become effective and (b) the Libby Claimants reserve their rights with
respect to the PI Settlement Plan pending the effectiveness of the Libby Claimants’ settlement. In addition, parties have appealed the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit (the “Third Circuit Court of Appeals”). By orders dated February 23, 2012, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals stayed appeals of the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order pending disposition of
motions filed in the District Court with respect to the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order. The District Court has not ruled on the Garlock Reargument Motion, the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion, or the Plan
Proponents’ Motion. In addition, on February 27, 2012, Garlock filed a motion (the “Garlock Stay Motion”) requesting that the District Court stay the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order until the
later of 14 days after the disposition of the Garlock Reargument Motion or disposition of any timely appeal by Garlock of the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order. The District Court has not ruled on the Garlock Stay
Motion. 

If it becomes effective, the PI Settlement Plan may implement the terms of the Settlement agreement, but there can be
no assurance that this will be the case notwithstanding the confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court. The terms of the PI Settlement Plan remain subject to amendment. Moreover, the PI Settlement Plan is
subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions which are more fully set forth in the PI Settlement Plan and include, without limitation, the availability of exit financing and the approval of the PI Settlement Plan becoming final and no
longer subject to appeal. Parties have appealed the District Court Confirmation Order to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals or otherwise challenged the District Court Opinion and the District Court Confirmation Order. Matters relating to the PI
Settlement Plan, the Bankruptcy and District Court Opinions, and the Bankruptcy and District Court Confirmation Orders may be subject to further appeal, challenge, and proceedings before the District Court, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, or
other courts. Parties may designate various issues to be considered in challenging the PI Settlement Plan, the Bankruptcy and District Court Opinions, or the Bankruptcy and District Court Confirmation Orders, including, without limitation, issues
relating to releases and injunctions contained in the PI Settlement Plan. 

While the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court
have confirmed the PI Settlement Plan, we do not know whether or when the Third Circuit Court of Appeals will affirm the District Court Confirmation Order or the District Court Opinion, whether or when the Bankruptcy and District Court Opinions or
the Bankruptcy and District Court Confirmation Orders will become final and no longer subject to appeal, or whether or when a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI Settlement Plan or another plan of reorganization) will become effective.
Assuming that a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI Settlement Plan or another plan of reorganization) is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court, and does become effective, we do not know whether the final plan of
reorganization will be consistent with the terms of the Settlement agreement or if the other conditions to our obligation to pay the Settlement agreement amount will be met. If these conditions are not satisfied or not waived by us, we will not be
obligated to pay the amount contemplated by the Settlement agreement. However, if we do not pay the Settlement agreement amount, we and our affiliates will not be released from the various claims against us. 

        If the Settlement agreement does not become effective, either because Grace fails to emerge from
bankruptcy or because Grace does not emerge from bankruptcy with a plan of reorganization that is consistent with the terms of the Settlement agreement, then we and our affiliates will not be released from the various asbestos-related, fraudulent
transfer, successor liability, and indemnification claims made against us and our affiliates noted above, and all of these claims would remain pending and would have to be resolved through other means, such as through agreement on alternative
settlement terms or trials. In that case, we could face liabilities that are significantly different from our obligations under the Settlement agreement. We cannot estimate at this time what those differences or their magnitude may be. In the event
these liabilities are materially larger than the current existing obligations, they could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Since November 2004, the Company and specified subsidiaries have been named as defendants in a number of cases, including a number of
putative class actions, brought in Canada as a result of Grace’s alleged marketing, manufacturing or distributing of asbestos or asbestos containing products in Canada prior to the Cryovac transaction in 1998. Grace has agreed to defend and
indemnify us and our subsidiaries in these cases. The Canadian cases are currently stayed. A global settlement of these Canadian claims to be funded by 

17 

Table of Contents

Grace has been approved by the Canadian court, and the PI Settlement Plan provides for payment of these
claims. We do not have any positive obligations under the Canadian settlement, but we are a beneficiary of the release of claims. The release in favor of the Grace parties (including us) will become operative upon the effective date of a plan of
reorganization in Grace’s United States Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding. As filed, the PI Settlement Plan contemplates that the claims released under the Canadian settlement will be subject to injunctions under Section 524(g) of the
Bankruptcy Code. As indicated above, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order on January 31, 2011 and the Clarifying Order on February 15, 2011 and the District Court entered the District Court Confirmation
Order on January 30, 2012; however, we can give no assurance that the PI Settlement Plan (or any other plan of reorganization) will become effective. Assuming that a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI Settlement Plan or another plan
of reorganization) is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court, and does become effective, if the final plan of reorganization does not incorporate the terms of the Canadian settlement or if the Canadian courts refuse to enforce the
final plan of reorganization in the Canadian courts, and if in addition Grace is unwilling or unable to defend and indemnify us and our subsidiaries in these cases, then we could be required to pay substantial damages, which we cannot estimate at
this time and which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

For
further information concerning these matters, see Note 17, “Commitments and Contingencies.” 

We require a significant amount
of cash to service our indebtedness. The ability to generate cash and/or refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, including our senior notes and our new Credit Facility, and to fund planned capital
expenditures, research and development efforts and other corporate expenses depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. Many of these factors are beyond our control.
We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings, including synergies related to our acquisition of Diversey, and operating improvements will be realized or that future
borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund our other operating requirements. Significant delays in our planned capital expenditures may materially and adversely affect our future
revenue prospects. 

The indenture governing our new senior notes and the credit agreement for our new Credit Facility restrict our
ability and the ability of most of our subsidiaries to engage in some business and financial transactions. 

New
Senior Notes. The indenture governing our new senior notes contains restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: 

•

 incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 create liens; 

•

 transfer or sell assets; 

•

 merge or consolidate; and 

•

 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. 

New Credit Facility. The credit agreement for our new Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that: 

•

 require us to meet specified financial ratios and financial tests; 

•

 restrict our ability to declare dividends; 

•

 restrict our ability to redeem and repurchase capital stock; 

•

 limit our ability to incur additional liens; 

•

 limit our ability to engage in sale-leaseback transactions; and 

•

 limit our ability to incur additional debt and make investments. 

18 

Table of Contents

The credit agreement for our new Credit Facility also contains other covenants customary for
credit facilities of this nature. Our ability to borrow additional amounts under our Credit Facility depends upon satisfaction of these covenants. Events beyond our control can affect our ability to meet these covenants. 

Raw material pricing, availability and allocation by suppliers as well as energy-related costs may negatively impact our results of operations,
including our profit margins. 

We use petrochemical-based raw materials to manufacture many of our products. The prices
for these raw materials are cyclical, and increases in market demand or fluctuations in the global trade for petrochemical-based raw materials and energy could increase our costs. In addition, the prices of many of the key raw materials used in our
Diversey business, such as caustic soda, solvents, waxes, phosphates, surfactants, polymers and resins, chelates and fragrances, are cyclical based on numerous supply and demand factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable to minimize the
effects of increased raw material costs through sourcing, pricing or other actions, our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. We also have some sole-source suppliers, and the lack
of availability of supplies could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Natural disasters such as hurricanes, as well as political instability and terrorist activities, may negatively impact the production or delivery capabilities of refineries and natural gas and
petrochemical suppliers and suppliers of other raw materials in the future. These factors could lead to increased prices for our raw materials, curtailment of supplies and allocation of raw materials by our suppliers, which could reduce revenues and
profit margins and harm relations with our customers and which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The effects of animal and food-related health issues such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, also known as “mad cow” disease, foot-and-mouth disease and avian influenza or
“bird-flu,” as well as other health issues affecting the food industry may lead to decreased revenues. 

We
manufacture and sell food packaging products, among other products. Various health issues affecting the food industry have in the past and may in the future have a negative effect on the sales of food packaging products. In recent years, occasional
cases of mad cow disease have been confirmed and incidents of bird flu have surfaced in various countries. Outbreaks of animal diseases may lead governments to restrict exports and imports of potentially affected animals and food products, leading
to decreased demand for our products and possibly also to the culling or slaughter of significant numbers of the animal population otherwise intended for food supply. Also, consumers may change their eating habits as a result of perceived problems
with certain types of food. These factors may lead to reduced sales of food businesses’ products, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Demand for our products could be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences. 

Our sales depend heavily on the volumes of sales by our customers in the food processing and food service industries. Consumer preferences
for food and packaging formats of prepackaged food can influence our sales, as can consumer preferences for fresh and unpackaged foods. Changes in consumer behavior, including changes in consumer preferences driven by various health-related concerns
and perceptions, could negatively impact demand for our products. 

The consolidation of customers may adversely affect our business,
consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Customers in the building care, food service, food and
beverage processing, lodging, retail and health care sectors have been consolidating in recent years, and we believe this trend may continue. Such consolidation could have an adverse impact on the pricing of our products and services and our ability
to retain customers, which could in turn adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We
experience competition in the markets for our products and services and in the geographic areas in which we operate. 

Our packaging products compete with similar products made by other manufacturers and with a number of other types of materials or
products. We compete on the basis of performance characteristics of our products, as well as service, price and innovations in technology. A number of competing domestic and foreign companies are well-established. 

The market for our Diversey segment’s products is highly competitive. Our Diversey segment faces significant competition from global,
national, regional and local companies within some or all of its product lines in each sector that it serves. Barriers to entry and expansion in the institutional and industrial cleaning, sanitation and hygiene industry are low. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our inability to maintain a competitive advantage could result in lower prices or lower
sales volumes for our products, which would have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Concerns about greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and climate change and the resulting governmental and market responses to these issues
could increase costs that we incur and could otherwise affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives have been enacted and proposed in response to concerns about GHG emissions and climate change. We are a manufacturing entity that utilizes
petrochemical-based raw materials to produce many of our products, including plastic packaging materials. Increased environmental legislation or regulation could result in higher costs for us in the form of higher raw materials and freight and
energy costs. We could also incur additional compliance costs for monitoring and reporting emissions and for maintaining permits. It is also possible that certain materials might cease to be permitted to be used in our processes. 

Disruption and volatility of the financial and credit markets could affect our external liquidity sources. 

Our principal sources of liquidity are accumulated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flow from operations and
amounts available under our existing and new lines of credit, including our new Credit Facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. We cannot assure that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, including our new senior
notes and our new Credit Facility, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our accounts receivable securitization program includes a bank financing commitment that must be renewed annually prior to the expiration date. The bank financing
commitment was renewed on December 2, 2011. While the bank is not obligated to renew the bank financing commitment, we have negotiated annual renewals since the commencement of the program in 2001. 

Additionally, conditions in financial markets could affect financial institutions with which we have relationships and could result in
adverse effects on our ability to utilize fully our committed borrowing facilities. For example, a lender under the senior secured credit facilities may be unwilling or unable to fund a borrowing request, and we may not be able to replace such
lender. 

Strengthening of the U.S. dollar and other foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could materially impact our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. 

A majority of our net sales are generated outside the United States. We
translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currency into U.S. dollars for our consolidated financial statements. During periods of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported international sales and net earnings could be reduced because
foreign currencies may translate into fewer U.S. dollars. 

Also, while we often produce in the same geographic markets as our
products are sold, expenses are more concentrated in the United States compared with sales, so that in a time of strengthening of the U.S. dollar, our profit margins could be reduced. While we use financial instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency exposures, this does not insulate us completely from foreign currency effects. 

We have recognized foreign exchange
gains and losses related to the currency devaluations in Venezuela and its designation as a highly inflationary economy under U.S. GAAP, effective January 1, 2010. See “Sealed Air Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations — Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk — Foreign Exchange Rates — Venezuela.” 

We may use financial instruments from time to time to manage exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which exposes us to counterparty credit risk for non-performance. See Note 12,
“Derivatives and Hedging Activities.” 

In all jurisdictions in which we operate, we are also subject to laws and
regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. These laws and regulations may limit our ability to repatriate cash as dividends or otherwise to the United States and may limit our ability to convert
foreign currency cash flows into U.S. dollars. 

The full realization of our deferred tax assets, including primarily those related to
the Settlement agreement, may be affected by a number of factors. 

We have deferred tax assets related to the
Settlement agreement, other accruals not yet deductible for tax purposes, foreign tax credits, foreign net operating loss carry forwards and investment tax allowances, employee benefit items, and other items. We have established valuation allowances
to reduce those deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Our 

20 

Table of Contents

ability to utilize these deferred tax assets depends in part upon our future operating results. We expect to
realize these assets over an extended period. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become
taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would result in an increase in our effective tax rate, and would have an adverse effect on our future consolidated results of
operations. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax assets or liability balances, with either favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. Our deferred tax assets may also be impacted by new legislation
or regulation. 

Our largest deferred tax asset relates to our Settlement agreement. The value of this asset, which was
$384 million at December 31, 2011, may be affected by our tax situation at the time of the payment under the Settlement agreement as well as by the value of our common stock at that time. The deferred tax asset reflects the fair market
value of 18 million shares of our common stock at a post-split price of $17.86 per share based on the price when the Settlement agreement was reached in 2002. We will not be able to realize this deferred tax asset and related cash tax benefits
until a plan of reorganization of Grace becomes effective. 

Our annual effective income tax rate can change materially as a result of
changes in our mix of U.S. and foreign earnings and other factors, including changes in tax laws and changes made by regulatory authorities. 

Our overall effective income tax rate is equal to our total tax expense as a percentage of total earnings before tax. However, income tax expense and benefits are not recognized on a global basis but
rather on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis. Losses in one jurisdiction may not be used to offset profits in other jurisdictions and may cause an increase in our tax rate. Income tax provision changes in statutory tax rates and laws, as well as
ongoing audits by domestic and international authorities, could affect the amount of income taxes and other taxes paid by us. For example, legislative proposals to change U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings could increase our effective tax rate.
Also, changes in the mix of earnings (or losses) between jurisdictions and assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, among other factors, could have a significant effect on our overall effective income tax rate. In addition, our effective
tax rate would increase if we were unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if we were otherwise required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. 

We are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. As a result, any adverse development in the tax laws of any of these jurisdictions or any
disagreement with our tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions as a result of the international scope of our operations and our corporate and financing structure. We are
also subject to transfer pricing laws with respect to our intercompany transactions, including those relating to the flow of funds among our companies. Adverse developments in these laws or regulations, or any change in position regarding the
application, administration or interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of our operations. In addition, the tax authorities in any
applicable jurisdiction, including the United States, may disagree with the positions we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions. If any applicable tax authorities, including U.S. tax
authorities, were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of our operations. 

Our performance and prospects for future growth could be adversely affected if new products do not meet sales or margin expectations.

Our competitive advantage is due in part to our ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at
favorable margins. The development and introduction cycle of new products can be lengthy and involve high levels of investment. New products may not meet sales or margin expectations due to many factors, including our inability to
(i) accurately predict demand, end-user preferences and evolving industry standards; (ii) resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner; or (iii) achieve manufacturing efficiencies. 

A major loss of or disruption in our manufacturing and distribution operations or our information systems and telecommunication resources could
adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

If we experienced a natural
disaster, such as a tornado, hurricane, earthquake or other severe weather event, or a casualty loss from an event such as a fire or flood, at one of our larger strategic facilities or if such event affected a key supplier, our supply chain or our
information systems and telecommunication resources, then there could be a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

21 

Table of Contents

We are dependent on internal and third party information technology networks and systems,
including the Internet, to process, 

transmit and store electronic information. In particular, we depend on our information technology
infrastructure for fulfilling and invoicing customer orders, applying cash receipts, and placing purchase orders with suppliers, making cash disbursements, and conducting digital marketing activities, data processing and electronic communications
among business locations. We also depend on telecommunication systems for communications between company personnel and our customers and suppliers. Future system disruptions, security breaches or shutdowns could significantly disrupt our operations
or result in lost or misappropriated information and may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We recorded a significant amount of additional goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets as a result of the acquisition of Diversey, and we may never realize the full carrying value of these
assets. 

As a result of the acquisition of Diversey, we recorded a significant amount of additional goodwill and other
identifiable intangible assets, including customer relationships, trademarks and developed technologies. 

We test goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for possible impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Amortizable intangible
assets are periodically reviewed for possible impairment whenever there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment may result from, among other things, (i) a decrease
in our expected net earnings; (ii) adverse equity market conditions; (iii) a decline in current market multiples; (iv) a decline in our common stock price; (v) a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climates;
(vi) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (vii) heightened competition; (viii) strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions; or (ix) a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting
unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of. In the event that we determine that events or circumstances exist that indicate that the carrying value of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets may no longer be
recoverable, we might have to recognize a non-cash impairment of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Product liability claims or regulatory actions could adversely affect our financial results or harm our reputation or the value of our brands.

Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business.
In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace or adversely impact the value of our brands or our ability
to sell our products in certain jurisdictions. We could also be required to recall possibly defective products, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, potential
product liability claims could be excluded or exceed coverage limits under the terms of our insurance policies or could result in increased costs for such coverage. 

The relationship with S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc. (“SCJ”) is important to our Diversey business, and any damage to this relationship could have a material adverse effect on the
Diversey business. 

Our Diversey segment is party to various agreements with SCJ, including a brand license agreement
(the “BLA”), a technology disclosure and license agreement, supply and manufacturing agreements and several leases. Under the BLA, Diversey is granted a license in specified territories to sell certain SCJ products and use specified trade
names and house marks owned by SCJ including the right to use “Johnson” in combination with its owned trade name “Diversey,” in the institutional and industrial channels of trade and, subject to certain limitations, in specified
channels of trade in which both Diversey’s business and SCJ’s consumer business operate. SCJ and its affiliates supply products under the BLA. Sales of these products have historically been significant to Diversey’s business. In
addition, in some countries, Diversey depends on SCJ to produce or sell some of its products. If we default under our agreements with SCJ and the agreements are terminated, SCJ fails to perform its obligations under these agreements, or our
relationship with SCJ is otherwise damaged or severed, this could have a material adverse effect on our Diversey business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Diversey also holds licenses to use some trademarks and technology of Unilever in the market for institutional and industrial cleaning,
sanitation and hygiene products and related services under license agreements with Unilever. We believe that these license agreements are significant to our Diversey business and the termination of our rights under any of these agreements may have a
material adverse effect on our Diversey business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to retain key employees and other personnel, our consolidated financial condition or
results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our success depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our
management team and other key personnel. Their experience and industry contacts significantly benefit us, and we need their expertise to execute our business strategies. If any of our senior management or other key personnel ceases to work for us,
our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The integration
process and our ability to successfully conduct the combined business going forward will require the experience and expertise of key employees from both Sealed Air and Diversey. Therefore, the ability to successfully integrate operations, as well as
the future success of the combined company’s operations, will depend in part on our ability to retain such key employees. We may not be able to retain key employees for the time period necessary to complete the integration process or beyond.
Although we do not have any reason to believe any of these employees will cease to be employed by us, the loss of such employees could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

On July 28, 2011, David H. Kelsey notified us of his resignation as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective as of
August 12, 2011. Tod S. Christie, who was serving as the Company’s Treasurer, was appointed as the Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective as of the close of business on August 12, 2011. We intend to appoint a new Chief Financial
Officer once we have identified and agreed on terms with a suitable candidate. We can provide no assurance as to how long it will take us to appoint a new Chief Financial Officer. 

We could experience disruptions in operations and/or increased labor costs. 

In Europe and Latin America, the majority of our employees is represented by labor unions and is covered by collective bargaining agreements, which are generally renewable on an annual basis. As is the
case with any negotiation, we may not be able to negotiate acceptable new collective bargaining agreements, which could result in strikes or work stoppages by affected workers. Renewal of collective bargaining agreements could also result in higher
wages or benefits paid to union members. A disruption in operations or higher ongoing labor costs could materially affect our business. 

The United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the United States Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 could
result in increased costs related to our postretirement benefit plans. 

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law. These statutes include a number of provisions that will impact companies that provide retiree health care benefits through postretirement benefit
plans and will require certain changes to be made to individual plans in order to comply with the new legislation. 

In
addition, these statutes require changes to our information technology infrastructure and in our administrative processes. The ultimate extent and cost of these changes, including the timing of when these costs will be recognized in our consolidated
financial statements, cannot be determined at this time but will continue to be evaluated as regulations and interpretations relating to the legislation become available. 

We are subject to a variety of environmental and product registration laws that expose us to potential financial liability and increased operating costs. 

Our operations are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that
govern, among other things, the manufacture of our products, the discharge of pollutants into the air, soil and water and the use, handling, transportation, storage and disposal of hazardous materials. 

Some jurisdictions have laws and regulations that govern the registration and labeling of some of our products. Some of these laws require
us to have operating permits for our production and warehouse facilities and operations. Any failure to obtain, maintain or comply with the terms of these permits could result in fines or penalties, revocation or nonrenewal of our permits, or orders
to cease certain operations, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, a recent unfavorable court decision regarding a municipal operating permit for one of our
food packaging facilities in Sao Paulo, Brazil leaves the facility subject to an administrative procedure that could lead to the closure of the facility. Although we are working to resolve the dispute, if our facility is required to close or
relocate we could incur substantial costs. 

23 

Table of Contents

We generate, use and dispose of hazardous materials in our manufacturing processes. In the
event our operations result in the release of hazardous materials into the environment, we may become responsible for the costs associated with the investigation and 

remediation of sites at which we have released pollutants, or sites where we have disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes, even if we fully complied with environmental laws at the time
of disposal. We have been, and may continue to be, responsible for the cost of remediation at some locations. 

We expect
significant future environmental compliance obligations in our European operations as a result of a European Union (“EU”) Directive “Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals” (EU Directive
No. 2006/1907) enacted on December 18, 2006. The directive imposes several requirements related to the identification and management of risks related to chemical substances manufactured or marketed in Europe. The EU has also recently
enacted a "Classification, Packaging and Labeling" regulation. Other jurisdictions may impose similar requirements. 

We cannot
predict with reasonable certainty the future cost to us of environmental compliance, product registration, or environmental remediation. Environmental laws have become more stringent and complex over time. Our environmental costs and operating
expenses will be subject to evolving regulatory requirements and will depend on the scope and timing of the effectiveness of requirements in these various jurisdictions. As a result of such requirements, we may be subject to an increased regulatory
burden, and we expect significant future environmental compliance obligations in our operations. Increased compliance costs, increasing risks and penalties associated with violations, or our inability to market some of our products in certain
jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The legacy
Diversey business had tendered various environmental indemnification claims to Unilever pursuant to the Unilever Acquisition Agreement (as defined below). 

Under a previous acquisition agreement between the legacy Diversey business and Unilever (the “Unilever Acquisition Agreement”), Unilever made warranties to Diversey with respect to the
facilities formerly owned by Unilever. In addition, Unilever agreed to indemnify Diversey for specified types of environmental liabilities if the aggregate amount of damages meets various dollar thresholds, subject to a cap of $250 million in
the aggregate. Diversey was required to notify Unilever of any environmental indemnification claims by May 3, 2008. Any environmental claims pending after this date, with respect to which Diversey has notified Unilever, remain subject to
indemnification until remediation is completed in accordance with the Unilever Acquisition Agreement. If Diversey incurs damages or liabilities that do not meet the indemnity thresholds under the Unilever Acquisition Agreement, if Diversey failed to
notify Unilever of an environmental indemnity claim within the period specified in the Unilever Acquisition Agreement or if the aggregate limits on indemnity payments under the Unilever Acquisition Agreement become applicable, Diversey would not be
entitled to indemnity from Unilever for such non-qualifying claims and it would be required to bear the costs. 

Diversey has
previously tendered various environmental indemnification claims to Unilever in connection with former Unilever locations. Unilever has not indicated its agreement with Diversey’s request for indemnification. We may file additional requests for
reimbursement in the future in connection with pending indemnification claims. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover any amounts relating to these indemnification claims from Unilever. 

Our insurance policies may not cover all operating risks and a casualty loss beyond the limits of our coverage could adversely impact our business.

Our business is subject to operating hazards and risks relating to handling, storing, transporting and use of the
products we sell. We maintain insurance policies in amounts and with coverage and deductibles that we believe are reasonable and prudent. Nevertheless, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us from all liabilities and expenses that
may arise from claims for personal injury or death or property damage arising in the ordinary course of business, and our current levels of insurance may not be maintained or available in the future at economical prices. If a significant liability
claim is brought against us that is not adequately covered by insurance, we may have to pay the claim with our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

If we are not able to protect our trade secrets or maintain our trademarks, patents and other intellectual property, we may not be able
to prevent competitors from developing similar products or from marketing their products in a manner that capitalizes on our trademarks, and this loss of a competitive advantage could decrease our profitability and liquidity. 

Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our owned
and licensed intellectual property. If we were unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our intellectual property and our significant current or proposed products, this loss of a competitive advantage could result in decreased sales or increased
operating costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We rely on trade secrets to maintain our competitive position, including protecting the formulation and manufacturing techniques of many of our products. As such, we have not sought U.S. or international
patent protection for some of our principal product formula and manufacturing processes. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent others from developing products that are similar to or competitive with our products. 

24 

Table of Contents

We own a large number of patents and pending patent applications on our products, aspects
thereof, methods of use, and/or methods of manufacturing. There is a risk that our patents may not provide meaningful protection and patents may never be issued for our pending patent applications. 

We own, or have licenses to use, all of the material trademark and trade name rights used in connection with the packaging, marketing and
distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where our products are principally sold. Trademark and trade name protection is important to our business. Although most of our trademarks are registered in the
United States and in the foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in asserting trademark or trade name protection. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same
extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and trade names may be substantial. 

We
cannot be certain that we will be able to assert these intellectual property rights successfully in the future or that they will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Other parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights and may
thereby dilute the value of our intellectual property in the marketplace. Third parties, including competitors, may assert intellectual property infringement or invalidity claims against us that could be upheld. Intellectual property litigation,
which could result in substantial cost to and diversion of effort by us, may be necessary to protect our trade secrets or proprietary technology or for us to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine the scope and
validity of others’ proprietary rights. We may not prevail in any such litigation, and if we are unsuccessful, we may not be able to obtain any necessary licenses on reasonable terms or at all. 

Any failure by us to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may have a material adverse effect on our business,
consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The relocation of manufacturing capability from Diversey’s U.S.
manufacturing facility could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Our legacy Diversey business manufactures a significant portion of the products it sells. The lease from SCJ of the Waxdale manufacturing
facility in Sturtevant, Wisconsin will expire on May 31, 2013, and we do not plan to renew this lease after expiration. We have made arrangements to relocate its manufacturing capability by moving some production to its other locations in North
America, and by pursuing contract manufacturing for a portion of its product lines. The timeline to transition out of Waxdale is not certain, but production is expected to cease and decommissioning is expected to begin during the first half of 2012.
This relocation may pose significant risks, which could include: 

•

 the risk that we may be unable to integrate successfully the relocated manufacturing operations; 

•

 the risk that we may be unable to coordinate management and integrate and retain employees of the relocated manufacturing operations;

•

 the risk that we may face difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;

•

 the risk that we may fail to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other anticipated benefits, or to maintain operating margins;

•

 potential strains on our personnel, systems and resources, and diversion of attention from other priorities; and 

•

 any unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the relocated manufacturing operations. 

We may not achieve growth through acquisitions. 

As part of our business strategy, we may from time to time pursue acquisitions of companies that we believe are strategic to our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify
attractive acquisition targets, negotiate satisfactory terms for acquisitions or obtain necessary financing for acquisitions. Further, acquisitions involve risks, including that acquired businesses will not perform in accordance with expectations,
that we will not realize the operating efficiencies expected from acquisitions and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of companies we acquire will prove to have been incorrect. If we fail to complete acquisitions,
if we acquire companies but are not able to successfully integrate them with our business or if we do not otherwise realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for our acquisitions, our business and results of operations may be adversely
affected. In addition, future acquisitions may result in the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest expense, amortization expenses and significant charges relating to integration costs. 

25 

Table of Contents

The combination of our business with the Diversey business will require significant management
attention, and we may incur significant additional integration costs because of integration difficulties and other challenges. 

We are in the process of integrating the Diversey business with our legacy business. We are required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the two businesses. Our failure
to meet the challenges involved in successfully completing the integration of our operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Challenges involved in the integration include: 

•

 integrating successfully each company's operations; and 

•

 combining corporate cultures, maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees. 

We may not successfully complete the integration of our operations in a timely manner and may have difficulty integrating the Diversey
business. We may not achieve the synergy targets that we currently anticipate. We may experience disruptions in relationships with current and new employees, customers and suppliers. 

We already have incurred and we expect to incur additional non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two
companies. Some of these costs may be higher than anticipated. We may also incur unanticipated costs, including costs to maintain employee morale, retain key employees and successfully integrate the Diversey business. 

We have made certain assumptions relating to the acquisition of Diversey in our forecasts that may prove to be materially inaccurate.

We have made certain assumptions relating to the forecast level of cost savings, revenue synergies and associated
costs of the acquisition of Diversey. Our assumptions relating to the forecast level of cost savings, revenue synergies and associated costs of the acquisition may be inaccurate based on the information available to us or as a result of the failure
to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, higher than expected integration costs, unknown liabilities and global economic and business conditions that may adversely affect the combined company following the completion of the acquisition.