Introduction 

The risks described below
should be carefully considered before making an investment decision. These are the most significant risk factors, but they are not the only risk factors that should be considered in making an investment decision. This Form 10-K also contains
and may incorporate by reference forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the “Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our securities
could decline due to any of these risks, and investors in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Weakened global
economic conditions have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

Weakened global economic conditions have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business in the form of lower net sales due to weakened demand, unfavorable changes in product price/mix, or
lower profit margins. For example, the recent global economic downturn has adversely impacted some of our end-users and customers, such as food processors, distributors, supermarket retailers, hotels, restaurants, retail establishments, other
retailers, business service contractors and e-commerce and mail order fulfillment firms, and other end-users that are particularly sensitive to business and consumer spending. 

During economic downturns or recessions, there can be a heightened competition for sales and increased pressure to reduce selling prices as our customers may reduce their volume of purchases from us. If
we lose significant sales volume or reduce selling prices significantly, then there could be a negative impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations, profitability and cash flows. 

Also, reduced availability of credit may adversely affect the ability of some of our customers and suppliers to obtain funds for operations and capital
expenditures. This could negatively impact our ability to obtain necessary supplies as well as our sales of materials and equipment to affected customers. This also could result in reduced or delayed collections of outstanding accounts receivable.

9 

Table of Contents

The global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely
affect our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

We operate in 62 countries, and our products are distributed in
those countries as well as in other parts of the world. A large portion of our manufacturing operations are located outside of the United States and a majority of our net sales are generated outside of the United States. Operations outside of the
United States, particularly operations in developing regions, are subject to various risks that may not be present or as significant for our U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of the geographic regions in which we operate, including
developing regions, could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those areas. 

Risks
inherent in our international operations include: 

•

foreign currency exchange controls and tax rates; 

•

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations; 

•

the potential for changes in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures; 

•

restrictive governmental actions such as those on transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection matters, including antidumping duties, tariffs, embargoes and
prohibitions or restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 

•

changes in laws and regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade and foreign investment; 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

•

variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 

•

more expansive legal rights of foreign unions or works councils; 

•

changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

social plans that prohibit or increase the cost of certain restructuring actions; 

•

the potential for nationalization of enterprises or facilities; and 

•

unsettled political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against U.S. or other interests. 

In addition, there are potential tax inefficiencies and tax costs in repatriating funds from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. 

These and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our international operations and, consequently, on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

If the Settlement agreement (as defined in Note 18, “Commitments and Contingencies”) is not implemented, we will not be released from the
various asbestos-related, fraudulent transfer, successor liability, and indemnification claims made against us arising from a 1998 transaction with Grace (as defined below). We do not control the timing of the cash payment required from us under the
Settlement agreement. We are also a defendant in a number of asbestos-related actions in Canada arising from Grace’s activities in Canada prior to the 1998 transaction. 

On March 31, 1998, Sealed Air completed a multi-step transaction (the “Cryovac transaction”) involving W.R. Grace & Co. (“Grace”) which brought the Cryovac packaging
business and the former Sealed Air’s business under the common ownership of the Company. As part of that transaction, Grace and its subsidiaries retained all liabilities arising out of their operations before the Cryovac transaction (including
asbestos-related liabilities), other than liabilities relating to Cryovac’s operations, and agreed to indemnify the Company with respect to such retained liabilities. Since 2000, the Company has been served with a number of lawsuits alleging
that, as a result of the Cryovac transaction, the Company is responsible for the alleged asbestos liabilities of Grace and its subsidiaries. While they vary, these suits all appear to allege that the transfer of the Cryovac business was a fraudulent
transfer or gave rise to successor liability. On April 2, 2001, Grace and certain of its subsidiaries filed for Chapter 11 relief in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”). In connection with
Grace’s Chapter 11 case, the Bankruptcy Court issued orders dated May 3, 2001 and January 22, 2002, staying all asbestos actions against the Company. However, the official committees appointed to represent asbestos claimants in
Grace’s Chapter 11 case (the “Committees”) received the court’s permission to pursue fraudulent transfer and other claims against the Company and its subsidiary Cryovac, Inc. based upon the Cryovac transaction. This proceeding
was brought in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “District Court”) (Adv. No. 02-02210). 

On
November 27, 2002, we reached an agreement in principle with the Committees to resolve the fraudulent transfer proceeding and all current and future asbestos-related claims made against us and our affiliates in connection with the Cryovac
transaction. The Settlement agreement will also resolve the fraudulent transfer claims and successor liability claims, as well as indemnification claims by Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. and affiliated companies in connection with the Cryovac
transaction. The parties to the agreement in principle signed the definitive Settlement agreement as of November 10, 2003 consistent with the terms of the agreement in principle. On June 27, 2005, the Bankruptcy Court signed an order
approving the definitive Settlement agreement. Although Grace is not a party to the Settlement agreement, under the terms of the order, Grace is directed to comply with the Settlement agreement subject to limited exceptions. On September 19,
2008, Grace, the Official Committee of Asbestos Personal Injury Claimants, the Asbestos PI Future Claimants’ Representative, and the Official Committee of Equity Security Holders (the “Equity Committee”) filed, as co-proponents, a
plan of reorganization (as filed and amended from time to time, the “PI Settlement Plan”) and several exhibits and associated documents, including a disclosure statement, with the Bankruptcy Court. As filed, the PI Settlement Plan would
provide for the establishment of two asbestos trusts under Section 524(g) of the United States Bankruptcy Code to which present and future asbestos-related claims would be channeled. The PI Settlement Plan also contemplates that the terms of
our definitive Settlement agreement will be incorporated into the PI Settlement Plan and that we will pay the amount contemplated by that agreement. 

On January 31, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered a memorandum opinion (the “Bankruptcy Court Opinion”) overruling certain objections to the PI Settlement Plan. On the same date, the
Bankruptcy Court entered an order regarding confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan (the “Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order”). As entered on January 31, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order contained recommended findings of
fact and conclusions of law, and recommended that the District Court approve the Confirmation Order, and that the District Court confirm the PI Settlement Plan and issue a channeling injunction under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.
Thereafter, on February 15, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court issued an order clarifying the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order (the “Clarifying Order”). Among other things, the Clarifying Order provided
that any references in the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order to a recommendation that the District Court confirm the PI Settlement Plan were thereby amended to make clear that the PI Settlement Plan was confirmed
and that the Bankruptcy Court was requesting that the District Court issue and affirm the Confirmation Order including the injunction under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. On March 11, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order
granting in part and denying in part a motion to reconsider the Bankruptcy Court Opinion filed by BNSF Railway Company (the “March 11 Order”). Among other things, the March 11 Order amended the Bankruptcy Court Opinion to clarify
certain matters relating to objections to the PI Settlement Plan filed by BNSF. 

10 

Table of Contents

Various parties appealed or otherwise challenged the Bankruptcy Court Opinion and the Bankruptcy Court
Confirmation Order, including without limitation with respect to issues relating to releases and injunctions contained in the PI Settlement Plan. 

On January 30, 2012, the District Court issued a memorandum opinion (the “Original District Court Opinion”) and confirmation order (the “Original District Court Confirmation
Order”) overruling all objections to the PI Settlement Plan and confirming the PI Settlement Plan in its entirety (including the issuance of the injunction under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code). On February 3, 2012, Garlock
Sealing Technologies LLC (“Garlock”) filed a motion (the “Garlock Reargument Motion”) with the District Court requesting that the District Court grant reargument, rehearing, or otherwise amend the Original District Court Opinion
and the Original District Court Confirmation Order insofar as they overruled Garlock’s objections to the PI Settlement Plan. On February 13, 2012, the Company, Cryovac, and Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. filed a joint motion (the
“Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion”) with the District Court. The Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion did not seek to disturb confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan but requested that the District Court amend and clarify certain matters in the Original
District Court Opinion and the Original District Court Confirmation Order. Also on February 13, 2012, Grace and the other proponents of the PI Settlement Plan filed a motion (the “Plan Proponents’ Motion”) with the District Court
requesting certain of the same amendments and clarifications sought by the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion. On February 27, 2012, certain asbestos claimants known as the Libby Claimants” filed a response to the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion and
the Plan Proponents’ Motion (the “Libby Response”). The Libby Response did not oppose the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion or the Plan Proponents’ Motion but indicated, among other things, that: (a) the Libby Claimants had
reached a settlement in principle of their objections to the PI Settlement Plan but that this settlement had not become effective and (b) the Libby Claimants reserved their rights with respect to the PI Settlement Plan pending the effectiveness
of the Libby Claimants’ settlement. On April 20, 2012, as part of a more global settlement, Grace filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking, among other things, approval of settlements with the Libby Claimants and BNSF. The
settlements with the Libby Claimants and BNSF were approved by order of the Bankruptcy Court dated June 6, 2012. Thereafter, the appeals of the Libby Claimants and BNSF with respect to the PI Settlement Plan were dismissed by orders of the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (the “Third Circuit Court of Appeals”) dated September 24, 2012 and October 4, 2012. The District Court held a hearing on May 8, 2012, to consider the Garlock Reargument
Motion. On May 29, 2012, Anderson Memorial Hospital (“Anderson Memorial”) filed a motion seeking relief from, and reconsideration of, the Original District Court Opinion and the Original District Court Confirmation Order (the
“Anderson Relief Motion”). In the Anderson Relief Motion, Anderson Memorial argued that a May 18, 2012, decision by the Third Circuit Court of Appeals in a case called Wright v. Owens-Corning undermined the District
Court’s conclusion that (a) the PI Settlement Plan was feasible and (b) the asbestos property damage injunction and trust included in the PI Settlement Plan were appropriate. Objections to the Anderson Relief Motion were filed by
Grace and the other proponents of the PI Settlement Plan, and by the representative of future asbestos property damage claimants appointed in the Grace bankruptcy proceedings. On June 11, 2012, the District Court entered a consolidated order
(the “Consolidated Order”) granting the Sealed Air/Fresenius Motion, the Plan Proponents’ Motion, and the Garlock Reargument Motion, and providing for amendments to the Original District Court Opinion and the Original District Court
Confirmation Order. Although the Consolidated Order granted the Garlock Reargument Motion, it did not constitute the District Court’s agreement with Garlock’s objections to the PI Settlement Plan, which the District Court continued to
overrule. Also on June 11, 2012, the District Court entered an amended memorandum opinion (the “Amended District Court Opinion”) and confirmation order (the “Amended District Court Confirmation Order”) overruling all
objections to the PI Settlement Plan, reflecting amendments described in the Consolidated Order, and confirming the PI Settlement Plan in its entirety (including the issuance of the injunction under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code).
Thereafter, on July 23, 2012, the District Court issued a memorandum opinion and an order denying the Anderson Relief Motion. Parties have appealed the Amended District Court Opinion and the Amended District Court Confirmation Order to the
Third Circuit Court of Appeals. 

If it becomes effective, the PI Settlement Plan may implement the terms of the Settlement agreement, but
there can be no assurance that this will be the case notwithstanding the confirmation of the PI Settlement Plan by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court. The terms of the PI Settlement Plan remain subject to amendment. Moreover, the PI
Settlement Plan is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions which are more fully set forth in the PI Settlement Plan and include, without limitation, the availability of exit financing and the approval of the PI Settlement Plan becoming
final and no longer subject to appeal. Parties have appealed the Amended District Court Confirmation Order to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals or otherwise challenged the Amended District Court Opinion and the Amended District Court Confirmation
Order. Matters relating to the PI Settlement Plan, the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Opinions, and the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Confirmation Orders may be subject to further appeal, challenge, and proceedings before the District
Court, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, or other courts. Parties have challenged various issues with respect to the PI Settlement Plan, the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Opinions, or the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Confirmation
Orders, including, without limitation, issues relating to releases and injunctions contained in the PI Settlement Plan. 

Although Grace
publicly indicated its intent to seek to emerge from bankruptcy before the appeals are fully and finally resolved, it subsequently indicated that it was not able to receive the necessary consents and waivers to do so, including from the Company.
Although Grace has in the past indicated that, with an appeals process before the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, its target date to emerge from bankruptcy was the fourth quarter of 2013, we cannot assure you that this timing for emergence is or
will be correct or that the target date for Grace’s emergence has not been or will not be revised. Consistent with our Settlement agreement, we are prepared to pay the Settlement amount directly to the asbestos trusts to be established under
section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code once the conditions of the Settlement agreement are fully satisfied. Among those conditions is that approval of an appropriate Grace bankruptcy plan—containing all releases, injunctions, and protections
required by the Settlement agreement—be final and not subject to any appeal. Given the pending appeals (which include, without limitation, challenges to the injunctions and releases in the PI Settlement Plan), the condition that approval of the
PI Settlement Plan be final and not subject to any appeal has not been satisfied at this time. The Company has not waived this, or any other, condition of the Settlement agreement nor can there be any assurance that each of the parties whose consent
or waiver is required for Grace to emerge from bankruptcy while the appeals are pending will provide such consent or waiver. 

While the
Bankruptcy Court and the District Court have confirmed the PI Settlement Plan, we do not know whether or when the Third Circuit Court of Appeals will affirm the Amended District Court Confirmation Order or the Amended District Court Opinion, whether
or when the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Opinions or the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Confirmation Orders will become final and no longer subject to appeal, or whether or when a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI
Settlement Plan or another plan of reorganization) will become effective. Assuming that a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI Settlement Plan or another plan of reorganization) is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court,
and does become effective, we do not know whether the final plan of reorganization will be consistent with the terms of the Settlement agreement or if the other conditions to our obligation to pay the Settlement agreement amount will be met. If
these conditions are not satisfied or not waived by us, we will not be obligated to pay the amount contemplated by the Settlement agreement. However, if we do not pay the Settlement agreement amount, we and our affiliates will not be released from
the various claims against us. We will continue to review and monitor the progress of the Grace bankruptcy proceedings (including appeals and other proceedings relating to the PI Settlement Plan, the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Opinions,
and the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Confirmation Orders), as well as any amendments or changes to the PI Settlement Plan or to the Bankruptcy and Amended District Court Opinions and Confirmation Orders, to verify compliance with the
Settlement agreement. 

11 

Table of Contents

If the Settlement agreement does not become effective, either because Grace fails to emerge from bankruptcy
or because Grace does not emerge from bankruptcy with a plan of reorganization that is consistent with the terms of the Settlement agreement, then we and our affiliates will not be released from the various asbestos-related, fraudulent transfer,
successor liability, and indemnification claims made against us and our affiliates noted above, and all of these claims would remain pending and would have to be resolved through other means, such as through agreement on alternative settlement terms
or trials. In that case, we could face liabilities that are significantly different from our obligations under the Settlement agreement. We cannot estimate at this time what those differences or their magnitude may be. In the event these liabilities
are materially larger than the current existing obligations, they could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Since November 2004, the Company and specified subsidiaries have been named as defendants in a number of cases, including a number of putative class actions, brought in Canada as a result of Grace’s
alleged marketing, manufacturing or distributing of asbestos or asbestos containing products in Canada prior to the Cryovac transaction in 1998. Grace has agreed to defend and indemnify us and our subsidiaries in these cases. The Canadian cases are
currently stayed. A global settlement of these Canadian claims to be funded by Grace has been approved by the Canadian court, and the PI Settlement Plan provides for payment of these claims. We do not have any positive obligations under the Canadian
settlement, but we are a beneficiary of the release of claims. The release in favor of the Grace parties (including us) will become operative upon the effective date of a plan of reorganization in Grace’s United States Chapter 11 bankruptcy
proceeding. As filed, the PI Settlement Plan contemplates that the claims released under the Canadian settlement will be subject to injunctions under Section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. As indicated above, the Bankruptcy Court entered the
Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order on January 31, 2011 and the Clarifying Order on February 15, 2011 and the District Court entered the Original District Court Confirmation Order on January 30, 2012 and the Amended District Court
Confirmation Order on June 11, 2012. The Canadian Court issued an Order on April 8, 2011 recognizing and giving full effect to the Bankruptcy Court’s Confirmation Order in all provinces and territories of Canada in accordance with the
Bankruptcy Court Confirmation Order’s terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the PI Settlement Plan has not become effective, and we can give no assurance that the PI Settlement Plan (or any other plan of reorganization) will become effective.
Assuming that a final plan of reorganization (whether the PI Settlement Plan or another plan of reorganization) is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court, and does become effective, if the final plan of reorganization does not
incorporate the terms of the Canadian settlement or if the Canadian courts refuse to enforce the final plan of reorganization in the Canadian courts, and if in addition Grace is unwilling or unable to defend and indemnify us and our subsidiaries in
these cases, then we could be required to pay substantial damages, which we cannot estimate at this time and which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

For further information concerning these matters, see Note 18, “Commitments and Contingencies”. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our
obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt
obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be
unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital
expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all
and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities, the indentures that govern our senior notes and the agreements
covering our accounts receivable securitization program restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness
when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 

In addition, we conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries, certain of which are not guarantors of our indebtedness. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent
on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Unless they are guarantors of our indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay
amounts due on indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct
legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. While the indenture governing certain of our senior notes, these notes and the credit agreement governing
the senior secured credit facilities limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to qualifications and
exceptions. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness. 

Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our
financial position and results of operations. 

If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default, the lenders under the
senior secured credit facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

The terms of our credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior notes restrict our current
and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 

The indentures governing our senior
notes and the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our
long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to: 

•

incur additional indebtedness; 

•

pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 

•

prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 

•

make loans and investments; 

•

sell assets; 

•

incur liens; 

•

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

alter the businesses we conduct; 

•

enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; and 

•

consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 

In addition, the restrictive covenants in the credit agreement governing our senior credit facilities require us to maintain a specified net leverage ratio. Our ability to meet this financial ratio can be
affected by events beyond our control. 

A breach of the covenants under the indenture governing our senior notes or under the credit agreement
governing our senior secured credit facilities could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which
a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities would permit the lenders under our senior secured credit facilities to terminate all
commitments to extend further credit under those facilities. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our senior secured credit facilities, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure
that indebtedness. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 

•

limited in how we conduct our business; 

•

unable to respond to changing market conditions; 

•

unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns or to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due; or

•

unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 

In addition, amounts available under our accounts receivable securitization program can be impacted by a number of factors, including but not limited to our credit ratings, accounts receivable balances,
the creditworthiness of our customers and our receivables collection experience. 

Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest
rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 

Borrowings under our senior secured credit
facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net
income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. As of December 31, 2012, we had $1.615 billion of borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities at variable interest rates. A
1/8% increase or decrease in the assumed interest rates on the senior secured credit facilities would result in a $1.1 million increase or a $1.1 million decrease in annual interest expense. In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that
involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may
not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 

Raw material pricing, availability and allocation by suppliers as well as energy-related
costs may negatively impact our results of operations, including our profit margins. 

We use petrochemical-based raw materials to
manufacture many of our products. The prices for these raw materials are cyclical, and increases in market demand or fluctuations in the global trade for petrochemical- based raw materials and energy could increase our costs. In addition, the prices
of many of the other key raw materials used in our businesses, such as caustic soda, solvents, waxes, phosphates, surfactants, polymers and resins, chelates and fragrances, are cyclical based on numerous supply and demand factors that are beyond our
control. If we are unable to minimize the effects of increased raw material costs through sourcing, pricing or other actions, our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. We also have
some sole-source suppliers, and the lack of availability of supplies could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Natural disasters such as hurricanes, as well as political instability and terrorist activities, may negatively impact the production or delivery capabilities of refineries and natural gas and
petrochemical suppliers and suppliers of other raw materials in the future. These factors could lead to increased prices for our raw materials, curtailment of supplies and allocation of raw materials by our suppliers, which could reduce revenues and
profit margins and harm relations with our customers and which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The full realization of our deferred tax assets, including primarily those related to the Settlement agreement, may be affected by a number of factors. 

We have deferred tax assets related to the Settlement agreement, other accruals not yet deductible for tax purposes, foreign tax credits, U.S. and foreign
net operating loss carry forwards and investment tax allowances, employee benefit items and other items. We have established valuation allowances to reduce those deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Our
ability to utilize these deferred tax assets depends in part upon our ability to generate future taxable income during the periods in which these temporary differences reverse or our ability to carryback any losses created by the deduction of these
temporary differences. We expect to realize these assets over an extended period. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period
within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. 

Our largest deferred tax asset relates to our Settlement agreement. The value of this net asset, which was $401 million at December 31, 2012, reflects our anticipated tax benefit from the cash portion of
the Settlement agreement and related accrued interest and the fair market value of 18 million shares of our common stock at a post-split price of $17.86 per share, which was the price when the Settlement agreement was reached in 2002. We will not be
able to realize this deferred tax asset and related potential cash tax benefits until we fund our obligation under the Settlement agreement. We intend to carry back a significant portion of the loss resulting from our deduction under the Settlement
agreement. The efficiency of any amount carried back and the benefit therefrom, as well as the benefit from the amount carried forward, may depend upon, among other factors, the year when we fund the Settlement agreement. Our tax benefit may be
significantly reduced resulting in an increased tax expense if we fund the Settlement agreement later than 2013. The timing of our funding, however, is subject to factors beyond our control. Other facts that will impact our tax benefit include the
amount of cash we pay, our tax position and the applicable tax codes, our past and anticipated future earnings in the U.S., as well as the price of our common stock at the time we fund the Settlement agreement. For example, our tax benefit will be
reduced, resulting in an increased tax expense, if the price of our common stock at the time of funding is less than $17.86 per share. Conversely, although our cash tax benefit will increase, any additional benefit resulting from an increased price
per share will increase our paid in capital and not decrease our tax expense. These conditions could result in a significant increase in our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations in the
periods in which these conditions occur. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates or other legislation or regulation may change our deferred tax assets or liability balances, with either favorable or unfavorable impacts on our effective tax rate.

13 

Table of Contents

The effects of animal and food-related health issues such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, also
known as “mad cow” disease, foot-and-mouth disease and avian influenza or “bird-flu,” as well as other health issues affecting the food industry, may lead to decreased revenues. 

We manufacture and sell food packaging products, among other products. Various health issues affecting the food industry have in the past and may in the
future have a negative effect on the sales of food packaging products. In recent years, occasional cases of “mad cow” disease have been confirmed and incidents of bird-flu have surfaced in various countries. Outbreaks of animal diseases
may lead governments to restrict exports and imports of potentially affected animals and food products, leading to decreased demand for our products and possibly also to the culling or slaughter of significant numbers of the animal population
otherwise intended for food supply. Also, consumers may change their eating habits as a result of perceived problems with certain types of food. These factors may lead to reduced sales of food businesses’ products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Demand for our products could be adversely affected by
changes in consumer preferences. 

Our sales depend heavily on the volumes of sales by our customers in the food processing and food
service industries. Consumer preferences for food and packaging formats of prepackaged food can influence our sales, as can consumer preferences for fresh and unpackaged foods. Changes in consumer behavior, including changes in consumer preferences
driven by various health-related concerns and perceptions, could negatively impact demand for our products. 

The consolidation of
customers may adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Customers in the food service,
food and beverage processing, building care, lodging, retail and health care sectors have been consolidating in recent years, and we believe this trend may continue. Such consolidation could have an adverse impact on the pricing of our products and
services and our ability to retain customers, which could in turn adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We experience competition in the markets for our products and services and in the geographic areas in which we operate. 

Our packaging products compete with similar products made by other manufacturers and with a number of other types of materials or products. We compete on the basis of performance characteristics of our
products, as well as service, price and innovations in technology. A number of competing domestic and foreign companies are well-established. 

The market for our hygiene products is highly competitive. Our hygiene products businesses face significant competition from global, national, regional
and local companies within some or all of its product lines in each sector that it serves. Barriers to entry and expansion in the institutional and industrial cleaning, sanitation and hygiene industry are low. 

Our inability to maintain a competitive advantage could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes for our products, which would have an adverse
impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations 

Concerns about greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and
climate change and the resulting governmental and market responses to these issues could increase costs that we incur and could otherwise affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives have been enacted and proposed in response to concerns about GHG emissions and climate change. We are a
manufacturing entity that utilizes petrochemical-based raw materials to produce many of our products, including plastic packaging materials. Increased environmental legislation or regulation could result in higher costs for us in the form of higher
raw materials and freight and energy costs. We could also incur additional compliance costs for monitoring and reporting emissions and for maintaining permits. It is also possible that certain materials might cease to be permitted to be used in our
processes. 

Disruption and volatility of the financial and credit markets could affect our external liquidity sources.

Our principal sources of liquidity are accumulated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flow from operations and
amounts available under our lines of credit, including our senior secured credit facilities and our accounts receivable securitization program. We may be unable to refinance any of our indebtedness, including our senior notes and our senior secured
credit facilities, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Additionally, conditions in financial markets could affect financial
institutions with which we have relationships and could result in adverse effects on our ability to utilize fully our committed borrowing facilities. For example, a lender under the senior secured credit facilities may be unwilling or unable to fund
a borrowing request, and we may not be able to replace such lender. 

Strengthening of the U.S. dollar and other foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations could materially impact our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Approximately 65% of
our net sales in 2012 were generated outside the United States. We translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currency into U.S. dollars for our consolidated financial statements. During periods of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our
reported international sales and net earnings could be reduced because foreign currencies may translate into fewer U.S. dollars. 

Also, while
we often produce in the same geographic markets as our products are sold, expenses are more concentrated in the U.S. than sales, so that in a time of strengthening of the U.S. dollar, our profit margins could be reduced. While we use financial
instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, this does not insulate us completely from foreign currency effects and exposes us to counterparty credit risk for non-performance. See Note 13, “Derivatives and Hedging Activities”.

We have recognized foreign exchange gains and losses related to the currency devaluations in Venezuela and its designation as a highly
inflationary economy under U.S. GAAP. See Item 7a.A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Foreign Exchange Rates—Venezuela.” 

In all jurisdictions in which we operate, we are also subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. These laws and regulations may limit
our ability to repatriate cash as dividends or otherwise to the U.S. and may limit our ability to convert foreign currency cash flows into U.S. dollars. 

Our annual effective income tax rate can change materially as a result of changes in our mix of U.S. and foreign earnings and other factors, including changes in tax laws and changes made by
regulatory authorities. 

Our overall effective income tax rate is equal to our total tax expense as a percentage of total earnings
before tax. However, income tax expense and benefits are not recognized on a global basis but rather on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis. Losses in one jurisdiction may not be used to offset profits in other jurisdictions and may cause an
increase in our tax rate. Income tax provision changes in statutory tax rates and laws, as well as ongoing audits by domestic and international authorities, could affect the amount of income taxes and other taxes paid by us. For example, legislative
proposals to change U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings 

14 

Table of Contents

could increase our effective tax rate. Also, changes in the mix of earnings (or losses) between jurisdictions and assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, among other factors, could
have a significant effect on our overall effective income tax rate. In addition, our effective tax rate would increase if we were unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if we were otherwise required to
increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. 

We are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. As a result,
any adverse development in the tax laws of any of these jurisdictions or any disagreement with our tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions as a result of the international scope of our operations and
our corporate and financing structure. We are also subject to transfer pricing laws with respect to our intercompany transactions, including those relating to the flow of funds among our companies. Adverse developments in these laws or regulations,
or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of our operations. In
addition, the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction, including the United States, may disagree with the positions we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions. If any applicable
tax authorities, including U.S. tax authorities, were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of
our operations. 

Our performance and prospects for future growth could be adversely affected if new products do not meet sales or margin
expectations. 

Our competitive advantage is due in part to our ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at
favorable margins. The development and introduction cycle of new products can be lengthy and involve high levels of investment. New products may not meet sales or margin expectations due to many factors, including our inability to
(i) accurately predict demand, end-user preferences and evolving industry standards; (ii) resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner; or (iii) achieve manufacturing efficiencies. 

A major loss of or disruption in our manufacturing and distribution operations or our information systems and telecommunication resources could
adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

If we experienced a natural disaster, such
as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake or other severe weather event, or a casualty loss from an event such as a fire or flood, at one of our larger strategic facilities or if such event affected a key supplier, our supply chain or our information
systems and telecommunication resources, then there could be a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. We are dependent on internal and third party information technology networks and systems,
including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information. In particular, we depend on our information technology infrastructure for fulfilling and invoicing customer orders, applying cash receipts, and placing purchase orders
with suppliers, making cash disbursements, and conducting digital marketing activities, data processing and electronic communications among business locations. We also depend on telecommunication systems for communications between company personnel
and our customers and suppliers. Future system disruptions, security breaches or shutdowns could significantly disrupt our operations or result in lost or misappropriated information and may have a material adverse effect on our business,
consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We recorded a significant amount of additional goodwill and other
identifiable intangible assets as a result of the acquisition of Diversey, and we may never realize the full carrying value of these assets. 

As a result of the acquisition of Diversey, we recorded a significant amount of additional goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, including customer relationships, trademarks and developed
technologies. 

We test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for possible impairment annually during the fourth quarter
of each fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Amortizable intangible assets are periodically reviewed for possible impairment whenever there is evidence that events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment may result from, among other things, (i) a decrease in our expected net earnings; (ii) adverse equity market conditions; (iii) a decline in current
market multiples; (iv) a decline in our common stock price; (v) a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climates; (vi) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (vii) heightened competition;
(viii) strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions; or (ix) a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of. In the event that
we determine that events or circumstances exist that indicate that the carrying value of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets may no longer be recoverable, we might have to recognize a non-cash impairment of goodwill or other identifiable
intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We recorded
impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets in 2012. See Note 8, “Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets,” for further discussion. 

Product liability claims or regulatory actions could adversely affect our financial results or harm our reputation or the value of our brands. 

Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. In addition to the risk of
substantial monetary judgments, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace or adversely impact the value of our brands or our ability to sell our products in
certain jurisdictions. We could also be required to recall possibly defective products, or voluntarily do so, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, potential
product liability claims could be excluded or exceed coverage limits under the terms of our insurance policies or could result in increased costs for such coverage. 

The relationship with S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc. (“SCJ”) is important to our Institutional & Laundry segment, and any damage to this relationship could have a material
adverse effect on this segment. 

Diversey is party to various agreements with SCJ, including a brand license agreement (the
“BLA”), a technology disclosure and license agreement, supply and manufacturing agreements and several leases. Under the BLA, Diversey is granted a license in specified territories to sell certain SCJ products and use specified trade names
owned by SCJ in the institutional and industrial channels of trade and, subject to certain limitations, in specified channels of trade in which both our I&L segment and SCJ’s consumer business operate. SCJ and its affiliates supply products
under the BLA. Sales of these products have historically been significant to our I&L segment. In addition, in some countries, our I&L segment depends on SCJ to produce or sell some of our products. The BLA purports to limit Diversey’s
right to market products with non-SCJ brands that SCJ has not approved in certain channels of trade in specified countries. If we default under our agreements with SCJ and the agreements are terminated, SCJ fails to perform its obligations under
these agreements, or our relationship with SCJ is otherwise damaged or severed, this could have a material adverse effect on our I&L segment, consolidated financial condition or results of operations 

15 

Table of Contents

The relationship with Unilever PLC (“Unilever”) is important to our Institutional &
Laundry segment and any damage to this relationship could have a material adverse effect on this segment. 

In connection with
Diversey’s acquisition of the DiverseyLever business Unilever in 2002, Diversey entered into various agreements with Unilever, including a license agreement and agency agreement. Pursuant to the license agreement, Unilever granted 31 Diversey
subsidiaries a license to produce and sell professional size packs of Unilever’s consumer brand cleaning products. In four countries (the United Kingdom, Ireland, Portugal and Brazil), the Diversey subsidiaries operate under an agency agreement
with Unilever. In addition, Diversey also holds licenses to use some trademarks and technology of Unilever in the market for institutional and industrial cleaning, sanitation and hygiene products and related services. We believe that these
agreements are significant to our Institutional & Laundry segment. If we default under our agreements with Unilever and the agreements are terminated, Unilever fails to perform its obligations under these agreements, or our relationship
with Unilever is otherwise damaged or severed, this could have a material adverse effect on our Institutional & Laundry segment, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

If we are unable to retain key employees and other personnel, our consolidated financial condition or results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

Our success depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our management team and other key personnel. Their experience
and industry contacts significantly benefit us, and we need their expertise to execute our business strategies. If any of our senior management or other key personnel cease to work for us and we are unable to successfully replace any departing
senior management or key personnel, our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

We could experience disruptions in operations and/or increased labor costs. 

In
Europe and Latin America, the majority of our employees are represented by either labor unions or workers councils and are covered by collective bargaining agreements that are generally renewable on an annual basis. As is the case with any
negotiation, we may not be able to negotiate acceptable new collective bargaining agreements, which could result in strikes or work stoppages by affected workers. Renewal of collective bargaining agreements could also result in higher wages or
benefits paid to union members. A disruption in operations or higher ongoing labor costs could materially affect our business. 

We are
subject to a variety of environmental and product registration laws that expose us to potential financial liability and increased operating costs. 

Our operations are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the manufacture of our products, the
discharge of pollutants into the air, soil and water and the use, handling, transportation, storage and disposal of hazardous materials. 

Many
jurisdictions require us to have operating permits for our production and warehouse facilities and operations. Any failure to obtain, maintain or comply with the terms of these permits could result in fines or penalties, revocation or nonrenewal of
our permits, or orders to cease certain operations, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We generate, use and dispose of hazardous materials in our manufacturing processes. In the event our operations result in the release of hazardous materials into the environment, we may become responsible
for the costs associated with the investigation and remediation of sites at which we have released pollutants, or sites where we have disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes, even if we fully complied with environmental laws at the
time of disposal. We have been, and may continue to be, responsible for the cost of remediation at some locations. 

Some jurisdictions have
laws and regulations that govern the registration and labeling of some of our products. We expect significant future environmental compliance obligations in our European operations as a result of a European Union (“EU”) Directive
“Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals” (EU Directive No. 2006/1907) enacted on December 18, 2006. The directive imposes several requirements related to the identification and management of risks
related to chemical substances manufactured or marketed in Europe. The EU has also recently enacted a “Classification, Packaging and Labeling” regulation. Other jurisdictions may impose similar requirements. 

We cannot predict with reasonable certainty the future cost to us of environmental compliance, product registration, or environmental remediation.
Environmental laws have become more stringent and complex over time. Our environmental costs and operating expenses will be subject to evolving regulatory requirements and will depend on the scope and timing of the effectiveness of requirements in
these various jurisdictions. As a result of such requirements, we may be subject to an increased regulatory burden, and we expect significant future environmental compliance obligations in our operations. Increased compliance costs, increasing risks
and penalties associated with violations, or our inability to market some of our products in certain jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The legacy Diversey business had tendered various environmental indemnification claims to Unilever pursuant to the Unilever Acquisition Agreement
(as defined below). 

Under a previous acquisition agreement between the legacy Diversey business and Unilever (the “Unilever
Acquisition Agreement”), Unilever made warranties to Diversey with respect to the facilities formerly owned by Unilever. In addition, Unilever agreed to indemnify Diversey for specified types of environmental liabilities if the aggregate amount
of damages meets various dollar thresholds, subject to a cap of $250 million in the aggregate. Diversey was required to notify Unilever of any environmental indemnification claims by May 3, 2008. Any environmental claims pending after this
date, with respect to which Diversey has notified Unilever, remain subject to indemnification until remediation is completed in accordance with the Unilever Acquisition Agreement. If Diversey incurs damages or liabilities that do not meet the
indemnity thresholds under the Unilever Acquisition Agreement, if Diversey failed to notify Unilever of an environmental indemnity claim within the period specified in the Unilever Acquisition Agreement or if the aggregate limits on indemnity
payments under the Unilever Acquisition Agreement become applicable, Diversey would not be entitled to indemnity from Unilever for such non-qualifying claims and it would be required to bear the costs. 

Diversey has previously tendered various environmental indemnification claims to Unilever in connection with former Unilever locations. Unilever has not
indicated its agreement with Diversey’s request for indemnification. We may file additional requests for reimbursement in the future in connection with pending indemnification claims. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
recover any amounts relating to these indemnification claims from Unilever. 

Our insurance policies may not cover all operating risks
and a casualty loss beyond the limits of our coverage could adversely impact our business. 

Our business is subject to operating
hazards and risks relating to handling, storing, transporting and use of the products we sell. We maintain insurance policies in amounts and with coverage and deductibles that we believe are reasonable and prudent. Nevertheless, our insurance
coverage may not be adequate to protect us from all liabilities and expenses that may arise from claims for personal injury or death or property damage arising in the ordinary course of business, and our current levels of insurance may not be
maintained or available in the future at economical prices. If a significant liability claim is brought against us that is not adequately covered by insurance, we may have to pay the claim with our own funds, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents

If we are not able to protect our trade secrets or maintain our trademarks, patents and other
intellectual property, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing similar products or from marketing their products in a manner that capitalizes on our trademarks, and this loss of a competitive advantage could decrease our
profitability and liquidity. 

Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the
proprietary nature of our owned and licensed intellectual property. If we were unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our intellectual property and our significant current or proposed products, this loss of a competitive advantage could result
in decreased sales or increased operating costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We rely on trade secrets to maintain our competitive position, including protecting the formulation and manufacturing techniques of many of our products. As such, we have not sought U.S. or international
patent protection for some of our principal product formulas and manufacturing processes. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent others from developing products that are similar to or competitive with our products. 

We own a large number of patents and pending patent applications on our products, aspects thereof, methods of use and/or methods of manufacturing. There
is a risk that our patents may not provide meaningful protection and patents may never be issued for our pending patent applications. 

We own,
or have licenses to use, all of the material trademark and trade name rights used in connection with the packaging, marketing and distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where our products are principally
sold. Trademark and trade name protection is important to our business. Although most of our trademarks are registered in the United States and in the foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in asserting trademark or trade
name protection. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. The costs required to protect our trademarks and trade names may be substantial. 

We cannot be certain that we will be able to assert these intellectual property rights successfully in the future or that they will not be invalidated,
circumvented or challenged. Other parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights and may thereby dilute the value of our intellectual property in the marketplace. Third parties, including competitors, may assert intellectual property
infringement or invalidity claims against us that could be upheld. Intellectual property litigation, which could result in substantial cost to and diversion of effort by us, may be necessary to protect our trade secrets or proprietary technology or
for us to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine the scope and validity of others’ proprietary rights. We may not prevail in any such litigation, and if we are unsuccessful, we may not be able to obtain any
necessary licenses on reasonable terms or at all. 

Any failure by us to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may have
a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We may not successfully integrate
the Diversey business. 

We are continuing our integration of the Diversey business with our legacy business. We are required to devote
significant management attention and resources to integrating the two businesses. Our failure to meet the challenges involved in successfully completing the integration of our operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Challenges
involved in the integration include: 

•

integrating successfully each company’s operations; and 

•

combining corporate cultures, maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees. 

We may not successfully complete the integration of our operations in a timely manner and may have difficulty integrating the Diversey business. We may not achieve the synergy targets that we currently
anticipate. We may experience disruptions in relationships with current and new employees, customers and suppliers. 

We already have incurred
and we may incur additional non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies. Some of these costs may be higher than anticipated. We may also incur unanticipated costs, including costs to maintain employee morale,
retain key employees and successfully integrate the Diversey business. 

We have made certain assumptions relating to the acquisition of
Diversey in our forecasts that may prove to be materially inaccurate. 

We have made certain assumptions relating to the forecast level
of cost savings, revenue synergies and associated costs of the acquisition of Diversey. Our assumptions relating to the forecast level of cost savings, revenue synergies and associated costs of the acquisition may be inaccurate based on the
information available to us or as a result of the failure to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, higher than expected integration costs, unknown liabilities and global economic and business conditions that may adversely affect the
combined company following the completion of the acquisition. 

Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of our operational
or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to an increasing number of information technology vulnerabilities, threats and targeted computer crimes which pose a risk to the security
of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches
of our networks or systems could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, legal liability, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance
costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we attempt to mitigate these risks our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to
advanced and persistent threats. 

We also maintain and have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of
our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer controls. Despite our efforts to protect such sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, our facilities and systems and those of our customers and
third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors that could lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our
systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our consolidated,
financial condition and results of operations.

17 

Table of Contents