References to "us", "we" and "our" refer to the Company. The following risk factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us may also negatively impact us. 

If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our customers want, our sales may be limited, which would reduce our revenues and profits. 

        In order for our business to be successful, we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers attractive, innovative and high-quality
merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future. If we misjudge either the demand for products and
services we sell or our customers' purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In
addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 

If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

        We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we seek to
minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located
outside the United States. These vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order
merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may
experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price. If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or
the
time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

        The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety of retailers including other department stores, discounters,
home improvement stores, consumer electronics dealers, auto parts and auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs and many other competitors operating on a national, regional or local
level. Internet and catalog businesses which handle similar lines of merchandise also compete with us. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, product assortment
and quality, service, and convenience. 

        Our
success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with respect to shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior
customer service. We must also successfully respond to our customers' changing tastes. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their pricing policies, marketing activities, new store
openings and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

8

Our failure to successfully integrate Kmart and Sears may cause us to fail to realize cost savings and other benefits, which could adversely affect our future results. 

        We may fail to successfully complete the integration of Kmart and Sears and, as a result, may fail to realize synergies, cost savings and other benefits expected
from the Merger. The eventual success of the Merger depends, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost savings from combining the businesses of Kmart and Sears.
In particular, expanding the offering and distribution of proprietary brands may impact the value of those brands and lead to cannibalization of sales from either Sears or Kmart. In addition, we may
be unable to successfully differentiate product offerings at our various locations. If we do not achieve these benefits, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

        Also,
we may fail to achieve sufficient cost savings through the integration of purchasing functions, supply chain, administrative and other operational activities. Furthermore, we must
achieve these savings without adversely affecting our revenues. If we are not able to successfully achieve these
objectives, the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected, and our results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

Due to the seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our fourth quarter results fail to meet our expectations. 

        Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues and operating cash flows being generated during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, which includes
the holiday season. As a result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many
factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions. 

Our comparable store sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Our business is sensitive to customers' spending patterns, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions. Our comparable store sales and results of
operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our comparable store sales and financial performance, including: 

•

actions
by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets,

•

seasonal
fluctuations due to weather conditions,

•

changes
in our merchandise strategy and mix,

•

changes
in population and other demographics, and

•

timing
of our promotional events. 

Accordingly,
our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may
decrease. For more information on our results of operations, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

9

We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated with international trade. 

        We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks associated with the delivery of merchandise originating outside the United
States, including: 

•

potential
economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,

•

increases
in shipping costs,

•

transportation
delays and interruptions,

•

adverse
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and

•

changes
in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws. 

A decline in general economic conditions, consumer spending levels and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise thereby reducing our revenues
and gross margins. 

        Many economic and other factors outside our control, including consumer confidence, consumer spending levels, employment levels, prevailing interest rates,
housing starts and remodels, and consumer debt levels, as well as fuel costs and the availability of consumer credit, affect consumer spending habits. In addition, disposable income levels may
influence consumer purchasing patterns. A general slowdown in the United States economy or an uncertain economic outlook could adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results. 

        The
domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead
to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and factors could cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins and operating results. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run our
business. 

        Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware
and software systems. Our primary computer systems and operations are located at our corporate headquarters in Hoffman Estates, Illinois and our facilities in Troy, Michigan. In addition, each of our
stores is connected to our computerized inventory management and other systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer
viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to
make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a material adverse
effect on our business or results of operations. 

The loss of key personnel may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. 

        We depend on the contributions of our senior management team, including Aylwin B. Lewis (Chief Executive Officer and President) and other key employees, for our
future success. Although certain executives, including Mr. Lewis, have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our
business and materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

10

Affiliates of our Chairman, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our company. 

        Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, beneficially own approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. These
affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many if not all actions to be
taken or approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control. 

        The
interests of these affiliates, which have investments in other companies, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other stockholders, particularly with regard to new
investment opportunities. This substantial influence may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire our company because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent
of these affiliates. 

We may be subject to product liability claims if people or property are harmed by the products we sell. 

        Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by such products, and may
require us to take actions such as product recalls. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that
insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 

We may be subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the
enforcement thereof. 

        From time to time we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory
proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources
to defend our company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our business and subject us to
additional regulatory actions. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" in this Form 10-K.