References to “us”,
“we” and “our” refer to the Company. The following risk factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us may also negatively impact us. 

If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our
customers want, our sales may be limited, which would reduce our revenues and profits. 

In order for our business to be successful, we
must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future.
If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to
offer. In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 

If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we
seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located outside the United States. These vendors often require lengthy advance notice
of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of
the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price. If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a
particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety of retailers including other department stores,
discounters, home improvement stores, consumer electronics dealers and auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs and many other competitors operating on a national, regional or local level. Some of our competitors are actively
engaged in new store expansion. Internet and catalog businesses, which handle similar lines of merchandise, also compete with us. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, product assortment and quality, service and
convenience. 

7 

Our success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with respect to
shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We must also successfully respond to our customers’ changing tastes. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their pricing
policies, marketing activities, new store openings and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to the seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our fourth quarter results fail to meet our expectations. 

Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues and operating cash flows being generated during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, which
includes the holiday season. As a result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending
patterns and weather conditions. 

Our comparable store sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Our business is sensitive to customers’ spending patterns, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic
conditions. Our comparable store sales and results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our comparable store sales and financial performance,
including: 

•

 actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market on line,

•

 seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions, 

•

 changes in our merchandise strategy and mix, 

•

 changes in population and other demographics, and 

•

 timing of our promotional events. 

Accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may decrease. For more information on our
results of operations, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated with international trade. 

We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks associated with the delivery of merchandise originating outside the
United States, including: 

•

 potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located, 

•

 increases in shipping costs, 

•

 transportation delays and interruptions, 

•

 adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and 

•

 changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws.

A decline in general economic conditions, consumer-spending levels and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our
merchandise thereby reducing our revenues and gross margins. 

Many economic and other factors outside our control, including consumer
confidence, consumer spending levels, employment levels, prevailing interest rates, housing sales and remodels and consumer debt levels, as well 

8 

as fuel costs and the availability of consumer credit, affect consumer-spending habits. In addition, disposable income levels may influence
consumer-purchasing patterns. A general slowdown in the United States economy or an uncertain economic outlook could adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results. 

The domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts
or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and factors could cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins and operating results. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run
our business. 

Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of
our computer and communications hardware and software systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires,
tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the
interim. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and
systems, which will include, for many systems, establishing a common platform across our lines of business, such as common human resources, supply chain and financial systems. The risk of disruption is increased in periods where such complex and
significant systems changes are undertaken. Also, if we fail to successfully combine our systems, we may fail to realize cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. 

The loss of key personnel may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. 

We
depend on the contributions of key personnel, including Edward S. Lampert (chairman), Aylwin B. Lewis (Chief Executive Officer and President) and other key employees, for our future success. Although certain executives, including
Mr. Lewis, have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Affiliates of our Chairman, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our Company. 

Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, beneficially own 42.5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. These
affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many if not all actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders, including the
election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control. 

The interests of these affiliates, which have investments in
other companies, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other stockholders, particularly with regard to new investment opportunities. This substantial influence may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire our Company
because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent of these affiliates. 

We may be subject to product liability claims if
people or property are harmed by the products we sell or the services we offer. 

Some of the products we sell may expose us to product
liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by such products, and may require us to take actions such as product recalls. We also 

9 

provide various services which could also give rise to such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be
adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 

We may be
subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the enforcement thereof. 

From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be in jurisdictions with
reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An
unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in
substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources to defend our Company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our
business and subject us to additional regulatory actions. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” in this Form 10-K. 

The Company’s failure to successfully invest available surplus cash could negatively affect the Company’s performance 

The Company’s performance with respect to the investment of surplus cash is substantially dependent on the performance of Edward S. Lampert, to whom the Company’s Board of Directors has delegated authority
to direct such investments, subject to certain limitations. 

There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts
to identify investment opportunities that meet its requirements. Any such investments may include significant and highly concentrated direct investments, related derivative positions, or both, with respect to the equity securities of public
companies. In addition, any such investments will involve risks, and Holdings’ balance sheet and results of operations may fluctuate, depending on the extent of excess funds and the timing, magnitude and performance of the Company’s
investments. Furthermore, such investments would be subject to volatility due to market conditions and other conditions over which the Company may not have control, which may affect both the recorded value of the investments as well as the
Company’s periodic earnings. Accordingly, the poor performance by a significant investment of the Company could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. 

Specifically, at February 3, 2007, the Company had total return swaps outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of $375 million. See Part II,
Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Investment of Available Capital.” These investments are highly concentrated and involve substantial risks. A significant decline
in the value of these investments could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s quarterly and annual results of operations.