Our business is subject to certain
risks and uncertainties, including, among others, certain economic, political and technological factors. You should carefully consider the risk factors below, together with other matters described in this Form 10-K or incorporated herein by
reference, in evaluating our business and prospects. If any one or more of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely impacted and the trading price of our common stock could decline.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. Certain statements in this Form 10-K (including certain of the following factors)
constitute forward-looking statements relating to future performance, goals, strategic actions and initiatives and similar intentions and beliefs, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Company’s expectations, goals, beliefs,
intentions and the like regarding future sales, earnings, return on equity, cash flow, share repurchases, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other matters. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.

Risks Related to Our Sales and Operations 

Our performance may be affected by the economic conditions in the U.S. and in other nations where we do business. 

Declining economic conditions may have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. Overall demand for our products could be reduced as a direct result of a
global economic recession, including such segments as the pharmaceutical, chemical and electronics industries. 

We face significant
competition, including changes in pricing. 

The markets for our products and services are both competitive and price sensitive.
Many of our competitors have significant financial, operations, sales and marketing resources and experience in research and development. Competitors could develop new technologies that compete with our products and services or even render our
products obsolete. If a competitor develops superior technology or cost-effective alternatives to our products and services, our business could be seriously harmed. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents

The markets for some of our products are also subject to specific competitive risks because these markets
are highly price competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may be forced to respond by lowering our prices. This would reduce sales and possibly profits. Failure to
anticipate and respond to price competition may also impact sales and profits. 

We believe that customers in our markets display a
significant amount of loyalty to their supplier of a particular product. To the extent we are not the first to develop, offer and/or supply new products, customers may buy from our competitors or make materials themselves, causing our competitive
position to suffer. 

Our sales and results of operations are dependent on the research and development spending patterns at
pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic companies. 

A number of factors impact the dollars spent on the purchase of research
and development products by our customers. Our pharmaceutical customers experienced a softening over the past year in all world areas. This trend was most prevalent for the Company in the second half of 2008. The Company does not have the ability to
predict when this trend will reverse or the ultimate impact on demand for the Company’s products. Activities within these pharmaceutical companies, which are impacting demand, include various programs to contain costs, shift from discovery to
clinical research and tighter inventory management. 

The credit crisis has impacted the ability of small, emerging pharmaceutical, biotech
and diagnostic companies to access funding. Venture capital funding is also showing signs of slowing. This venture capital funding also impacts discovery and clinical research spending. The extent to which demand from these customers will be
impacted is unknown. 

Approximately 35% of the Company’s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2008 are from the
pharmaceutical, biotech and diagnostic companies. 

Our sales and results of operations depend on our customers’ research and
development efforts and their ability to obtain funding for these efforts. 

Our customers include researchers at pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies, chemical and related companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets of these researchers and their organizations could have a
significant effect on the demand for our products. Our customers determine their research and development budgets based on several factors, including the need to develop new products, the availability of governmental and other funding, competition
and the general availability of resources. As we continue to expand our international operations, we expect research and development spending levels in markets outside of the U.S. will become increasingly important to us. 

Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, spending priorities, general economic conditions, institutional and
governmental budgetary limitations and mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our business could be seriously harmed by any significant decrease in life science and high technology research and development expenditures by our
customers. In particular, a small portion of our sales have been to researchers whose funding is dependent on grants from government agencies such as the U. S. National Institute of Health, the National Science Foundation, the National Cancer
Institute and similar agencies or organizations. Government funding of research and development is subject to the political process, which is often unpredictable. Other programs, such as Homeland Security or defense, or general efforts to reduce the
U.S. federal budget deficit could be viewed by the government as a higher priority. Any shift away from funding of life science and high technology research and development or delays surrounding the approval of governmental budget proposals may
cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products and services, which could seriously damage our business. 

Some of our
customers receive funds from approved grants at a particular time of year, many times set by government budget cycles. In the past, such grants have been frozen for extended periods or have otherwise become unavailable to various institutions
without advance notice. The timing of the receipt of grant funds may affect the timing of purchase decisions by our customers and, as a result, cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results. 

Due to heavy reliance on manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute the products we sell, our business could be
adversely affected by disruptions of these operations. 

We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce approximately 60% of
our sales. Our quality control, packaging and distribution operations support all sales. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, or other events beyond our control could
adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. While insurance coverage may reimburse us, in whole or in part, for profits lost from such disruptions, our ability to provide these products in the
longer term may affect our sales growth expectations and results. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents

We are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies that require us to
comply with a wide variety of regulations, including those regarding the manufacture of products, the distribution of our products and environmental matters. 

Some of our operations are subject to regulation by various U.S. federal agencies and similar state and international agencies, including the U. S. Department of Commerce, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the
U.S. Department of Transportation, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and other comparable state and international agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product activities, from design and development to labeling, manufacturing,
handling, sales and distribution of products. If we fail to comply with any or all of these regulations, we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs
and reduce our sales. 

We are subject to regulations that govern the handling of hazardous substances. 

We are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern the handling, transportation, manufacture, use and
sale of substances that are or could be classified as toxic or hazardous substances. Some risk of environmental damage is inherent in our operations and the products we manufacture, sell or distribute. Any failure by us to comply with the applicable
government regulations could also result in product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on with or expand in a portion or possibly all of our operations. If we fail to comply with any or all of these regulations,
we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs and reduce our sales. 

Changes in worldwide tax rates or tax benefits will impact our tax expense and our profits. 

We are subject to a variety of taxes in numerous local, regional, national and international jurisdictions. The laws regulating the taxes which we are subject to may change. We have no control over these changes and their impact, if any, on
our results. Additionally, results of tax audit activity may also impact our tax provision and our profits. We reflect changes in our actual or forecast income tax rates as relevant facts and circumstances are known to us. Variations to our forecast
tax rate and forecast diluted EPS in the future are possible due in part to tax rate changes and changes in the status of tax uncertainties pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Interpretation No. 48,
“Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,” (FIN 48). 

Litigation may harm our business. 

Substantial, complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur significant
costs and distract our management. For example, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, collaborators, distributors, customers, or competitors or others with protected intellectual property could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business.
Disputes from time to time with such companies, organizations or individuals are not uncommon, and we cannot assure you that we will always be able to resolve such disputes or on terms favorable to us. For example, we are currently defending a class
action complaint related to an explosion at one of our production facilities. Unexpected results could cause us to have financial exposure in these matters in excess of recorded reserves and insurance coverage, requiring us to provide additional
reserves to address these liabilities, therefore impacting profits. 

Potential product liability claims could affect our earnings and
financial condition and harm our reputation. 

We face potential liability claims based on our products and/or services. We carry
product liability insurance coverage, generally available in the market, but which is limited in scope and amount. Our products are generally to be used by trained scientists and operators, however, there is no assurance that they will be used in
accordance with our terms and conditions of sale. As a result, we could be held liable in connection with these products or services. For example, we are defending a large number of lawsuits relating to various vaccines manufactured at
pharmaceutical companies, for which we provided a product for use in research activities in developing such vaccines. 

Although we seek to
reduce our potential liability through measures such as contractual indemnification provisions with customers and/or suppliers, we cannot assure you that such measures will be enforced or effective. We could be materially and adversely affected if
we were required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim that is outside the scope of the indemnification agreements, if the indemnity, although applicable, is not executed in accordance with its terms or if our liability
exceeds the amount of applicable insurance or indemnification. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. Unexpected results could cause
us to have financial exposure in these matters in excess of recorded reserves and insurance coverage, requiring us to provide additional reserves to address these liabilities, impacting profits. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents

If we fail to maintain adequate quality standards for our products and services, our business may
be adversely affected and our reputation harmed. 

Our life science and high technology customers are often subject to rigorous
quality standards to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of their products and the manufacturing processes that generate them. A failure to maintain, or in some instances, upgrade our quality standards to meet our customers’ needs, could
result in the loss of a customer’s regulatory license and potentially substantial sales losses to us. 

We heavily rely on third
party air cargo carriers and other package delivery services, and a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products or import materials, increase our costs and lower our
profitability and harm our reputation. 

We emphasize our prompt service and shipment of products as a key element of our sales and
marketing strategy. We ship a significant number of products to our customers through independent package delivery companies. In addition, we transport materials between our worldwide facilities and import raw materials from worldwide sources.
Consequently, we heavily rely on air cargo carriers and other third party package delivery providers. If any of our key third party providers were to experience a significant disruption such that any of our products, components or raw materials
could not be delivered in a timely fashion or we would incur additional costs that we could not pass on to our customers, our costs may increase and our relationships with certain customers may be adversely affected. In addition, if these third
party providers increase prices, and we are not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments to our selling prices, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely affected. 

Most of our products and services are highly technical in nature. In general, only highly qualified and trained scientists have the necessary skills to
develop and market our products and provide our services. In addition, some of our manufacturing, quality control, safety and compliance, information technology, sales, and e-commerce related positions are highly technical as well. Our success
depends in large part upon our ability to identify, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled professionals. We face intense competition for these professionals from our competitors, customers, marketing partners and other companies throughout the
industries in which we compete. Any failure on our part to hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals would seriously damage our business. 

We depend heavily on the services of our senior management. We believe that our future success depends on the continued services of such management. Our business may be harmed by the loss of a significant number of
our senior management members in a short period of time. 

If the expected benefit of our supply chain initiative is not realized, our
future profitability may be adversely affected. 

During the third quarter of 2007, we implemented an initiative to improve how we
procure goods and services, manage inventory and execute other supply chain activities that are key to our customer centric approach. The purpose of this initiative is to reduce our overall manufacturing and procurement costs and expand margins over
the next five years. Due to the scope and complexity of this initiative there are certain risks associated with its implementation. If unexpected costs or delays are encountered, our margins may not benefit as much or as quickly as we had
anticipated. The global economic slow down and the cost of energy could also impact the savings which will be achieved. 

Our business
may be adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of commercial paper. 

We had $378.7 million of commercial paper
outstanding at December 31, 2008. If, as a result of the global economic crisis, the market for commercial paper becomes restricted or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected including our consolidated results of operations, our
financial condition and our cash flows. 

Our sales and operating results may vary from period to period. 

Our sales and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on a variety of factors including:

•

 competitive conditions, 

•

 exchange rate fluctuations, 

•

 changes in tax laws, the results of tax audits or the measurement of tax uncertainties, 

•

 the level and timing of our customers’ research and development and manufacturing efforts and activities, 

•

 the timing of our customers’ government funding, 

•

 the timing of our research and development, sales and marketing expenses, 

•

 the timing of significant custom sales orders, typically associated with our SAFC and Research Biotech businesses, 

•

 the expected higher level of sales growth in SAFC creating downward pressure on overall gross margins, 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents

•

 the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, 

•

 the success of identifying, acquiring and integrating businesses that complement our product offering, add new technologies or add presence in a market,

•

 customer demand for our products due to changes in purchasing requirements and research needs, and 

•

 general economic conditions. 

Our
expense levels are based in part on our future sales expectations. Consequently, sales or profits may vary significantly from quarter to quarter or from year to year, and sales and profits in any interim period may not necessarily be indicative of
results in subsequent periods. 

If we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or if we fail to
implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected. 

We depend on information systems
throughout our Company to control our manufacturing processes, process orders, manage inventory, process and bill shipments to and collect cash from our customers, respond to customer inquiries, contribute to our overall internal control processes,
maintain records of our property, plant and equipment, and record and pay amounts due vendors and other creditors. Additionally, approximately 42% of the Company’s research sales originated through e-commerce. If we were to experience a
prolonged disruption in our information systems that involve interactions with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or increased costs, which could adversely affect our business. 

Technology innovations in the markets that we serve may create alternatives to our products and result in reduced sales. 

Technology innovations, which our current and potential customers might have access to, could reduce or eliminate their need for our products. A new,
competing or other disruptive technology that reduces or eliminates the use of one or more of our products could negatively impact the sale of those products. Our customers also constantly attempt to reduce their manufacturing costs and improve
product quality. We may be unable to respond on a timely basis to any or all of the changing needs of our customer base. Our failure to develop, introduce or enhance products able to compete with new technologies in a timely manner could have an
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Demand for our products and services is subject to
the commercial success of our customers’ products, which may vary for reasons outside our control. 

Even if we are successful
in securing utilization of our products in a customer’s manufacturing process, sales of many of our products and services remain dependent on the timing and volume of the customer’s production, over which we have no control. The demand for
our products depends on regulatory approvals and frequently depends on the commercial success of the customer’s supported product. Regulatory processes are complex, lengthy, expensive and can often take years to complete. Commercial success of
a customer’s product, which would drive demand in their production and commensurate demand for our products and services, is dependent on many factors, some of which can change rapidly, despite early positive indications. 

Rapid changes in the healthcare industry could directly or indirectly adversely affect our business. 

The healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to control costs. These changes include: 

•

 development of large and sophisticated group purchasing organizations, 

•

 healthcare reform legislation, 

•

 consolidation of pharmaceutical companies, 

•

 increased outsourcing of certain activities, including to low-cost offshore locations, 

•

 lower reimbursements for research and development, and 

•

 legislative limitations on healthcare research. 

We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Some of these potential changes, such as a reduction in governmental support of healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or
regulations governing the ability to perform healthcare related research and the delivery or pricing of healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or to reduce the
prices they are willing to pay for our products or services. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents

Our strategic equity investments may result in losses. 

We have made and expect to continue to make strategic equity investments in complementary businesses and technology. We regularly review the carrying
value of these investments for impairment, considering factors such as the current stock price, book values from recent financial statements and forecasts and expectations of the investee. The results of these evaluations may fluctuate due to market
conditions and other conditions over which we have no control. Estimating the fair value of non-public equity investments in life science or high technology companies is inherently subjective. If actual events differ from our assumptions and other
than temporary unfavorable fluctuations in the valuations of the investments are indicated, it could require a reduction in the value of the investment. This could materially impact our results of operations. Realization of any benefit from these
strategic investments is uncertain. 

We may be unable to establish and to maintain collaborative development and marketing
relationships with business partners, which could result in a decline in sales or slower than anticipated growth rates. 

As a part
of our business strategy, we have formed, and intend to continue to form, strategic alliances and distribution arrangements with partners relating to the development and commercialization of certain of our existing and potential products to increase
our sales and to leverage our product and service offerings. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain these relationships and to cultivate additional, acceptable, strategic alliances with such companies. 

In addition, we cannot ensure that parties with which we have established, or will establish, collaborative relationships will not, either directly or in
collaboration with others, pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products in addition to, or instead of, products offered as a result of these collaborations. Our business partners may also experience financial or other difficulties
that lessen their value to us and to our customers. Our results of operations and opportunities for growth may be adversely affected by our failure to establish and maintain successful collaborative relationships. 

Lack of early success with our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers can shut us out of future business with those customers.

A number of the products we sell to pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers are incorporated into the customers’ drug
manufacturing processes. In some cases, once a customer chooses a particular product for use in a drug manufacturing process, it is unlikely that the customer will later switch to a competing alternative. In many cases, the regulatory license for
the product will specify the products qualified for use in the process. Obtaining the regulatory approvals needed for a change in the manufacturing process is time consuming, expensive and uncertain. Accordingly, if a pharmaceutical or biotechnology
customer does not select our products early in its manufacturing design phase for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, cost, ease of use, ability to supply large quantities or similar reasons, we may lose the opportunity to
participate in the customer’s manufacturing of such product. Because we face competition in this market from other companies, we run the risk that our competitors could win significant early business with a customer making it difficult for us
to recover that late stage commercialization opportunity. 

Disruption in our distribution capability could adversely affect our
business and operations. 

We have an automated warehouse in Germany, which handles a significant amount of our international
distribution in our global supply chain. The efficiency and effectiveness of our global distribution network would be significantly compromised if this warehouse was impacted by a natural disaster or other local disruption. If a disruption occurs,
we may not be able to secure alternate distribution and replace the compromised inventory in a timely manner, causing a deterioration in our current service levels. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

We have significant inventories on hand. 

We maintain significant inventories and have an allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventory. Any significant unanticipated changes in future product
demand or market conditions, including the current uncertainty in the global market, could also have an impact on the value of inventory and adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, if it would become necessary to rework product to
make it saleable, this additional effort would impact the cost and impact our operating results. 

Fluctuation in the price and supply
of raw fetal bovine serum could affect our business. 

The supply of raw fetal bovine serum (FBS) is sometimes limited because serum
collections tend to be cyclical. In addition, any discovery of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (popularly referred to as “mad cow disease”), particularly in Australia, may 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents

cause an interruption to our primary supply of FBS. These factors can cause the price of raw FBS to fluctuate. The profit margins we achieve on finished FBS
have been unstable in the past because of the fluctuations in the price of raw FBS, and any increase in the price could adversely affect those profit margins in the short-term. In addition, if we are unable to obtain an adequate supply of FBS, or if
we are unable to meet demand for FBS from our suppliers, we may lose market share. 

We expect to continue to implement various
process improvement initiatives that may not achieve the desired results. 

We have implemented a number of changes designed to
improve operating efficiencies and reduce costs. We expect to continue to identify opportunities for operational efficiencies and cost reduction and implement changes to achieve these efficiencies. Such improvements may lead to, among other things,
the consolidation and integration of products, brands, facilities, functions, systems and processes, any or all of which might present significant management challenges. There can be no assurance that such actions will be accomplished as rapidly as
anticipated or that the full extent of expected cost reductions will be achieved. 

Risks Related to Growth of Our Business

Acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy. 

We have acquired or invested in several businesses and technologies and routinely review additional opportunities. Certain risks exist including the
potential for: 

•

 the acquisition or investment failing to provide the benefits originally anticipated by our management, 

•

 difficulties in integrating the operations and systems of the acquired businesses and in realizing operating synergies, 

•

 difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and customers of the acquired companies, 

•

 management’s attention being diverted to the integration of the acquired businesses or acceptance of the acquired technology, and 

•

 unanticipated contract or regulatory issues. 

None of these difficulties have been historically significant, but if they were to be in the future, we may be unable to achieve expectations from our acquisition strategy. In addition, we compete with other companies for suitable
acquisition targets and may not be able to acquire certain targets that we seek. Also, certain businesses we have acquired or invested in may not generate the cash flow and/or earnings or other benefits that we anticipated at the time of their
acquisition. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions in a timely manner, acquisitions may adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain key management personnel, we may not be able
to execute our acquisition strategy. 

We must continually offer new products and technologies. 

Our success depends in large part on continuous and timely development and introduction of new products that address evolving customer needs and changes
in the market. We also believe that because of the initial time investment required by our customers to reach a purchasing decision for a new product, it may be difficult to regain that customer once the customer purchases a product from a
competitor. 

These facts have led us to focus significant efforts and resources on the development and identification of new technologies
and products. As a result, we have a very broad product line and are continually seeking to develop, license or acquire new technologies and products to further broaden our offering. If we fail to achieve that, our customers will likely purchase
products from our competitors, significantly harming our business. Once we develop or obtain a technology, to the extent that we fail to timely introduce new and innovative products that are accepted by our markets, we could fail to obtain an
adequate return on our research and development, licensing and acquisition investments and could lose market share to our competitors, which would be difficult or impossible to regain and could seriously damage our business. Some of the factors
affecting market acceptance of our products include: 

•

 availability, quality and price as compared to competitive products, 

•

 the functionality of new and existing products, 

•

 the timing of introduction of our products compared to competitive products, 

•

 scientists’ opinions of the product’s utility and our ability to incorporate their feedback into future products, 

•

 citation of the products in published research, and 

•

 general trends in life sciences research. 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to International Operations 

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business. 

Since we are a multinational corporation that sells and sources products in many different countries, changes in exchange rates have in the past, and
could in the future, adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. For example, the effect of translating foreign currency sales into U.S. dollars increased the 2008, 2007, and 2006 sales growth by 2.7%, 4.8% and 0.4%, respectively.
Furthermore, reported sales and purchases made and expenses incurred in non-U.S. currencies by our international businesses, when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, fluctuate due to exchange rate movement. Due
to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on future sales and operating results. 

We are subject to economic, political and other risks associated with our significant international business, which could adversely affect our
financial results. 

We operate internationally primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries located in North and South America,
Europe, the Far East, the Middle East, Australia and Africa. Sales outside the United States were in excess of 60% of total sales in 2008. We expect that sales from international operations will continue to represent a growing portion of our sales.
During 2008, approximately 10% of the Company’s United States operations’ chemical and equipment purchases were from international suppliers. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities, employees and suppliers to our international
operations are located outside the United States. Our sales and earnings could be adversely affected by a variety of factors resulting from our international operations, including: 

•

 future fluctuations in exchange rates, 

•

 complex regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements, 

•

 trade protection measures, tariff, royalties or taxes, and import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, 

•

 multiple jurisdictions and differing tax laws, as well as changes in those laws, 

•

 restrictions on our ability to repatriate investments and earnings from foreign operations, 

•

 changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region, particularly in developing or emerging markets, 

•

 difficulty in staffing and managing worldwide operations,

•

 changes in shipping costs, and 

•

 difficulties in collecting on accounts receivable. 

If any of these risks materialize, we could face the loss of sales, and/or substantial increases in costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

We may become involved in disputes regarding our patents and other intellectual property rights, which could result in prohibition of the use of certain technology in current or planned products, exposure of the business to
significant liability and diversion of management’s focus. 

We and our major competitors spend substantial time and resources
developing and patenting new and improved products and technologies. Many of our products are based on complex, rapidly developing technologies. Further, while we make every effort to respect others’ intellectual property, we may not have
identified each and every instance where our products may infringe or utilize intellectual property rights held by others. Thus, we cannot provide assurance that others will not claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights or that
we do not in fact infringe those rights. 

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing upon
their intellectual property rights. Any claims, with or without merit, could: 

•

 be expensive, 

•

 take significant time and divert management’s focus from other business concerns, 

•

 if successful, require us to stop the infringing activity, redesign our product or process or license the intellectual property in question, thereby resulting in
delays and loss or deferral of sales, 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents

•

 require us to pay substantial damage awards, and/or 

•

 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we are unable to obtain a royalty agreement or license on acceptable terms, or are unable to redesign to avoid conflicts with any third party patent,
we may be unable to offer some of our products, which could result in reduced sales. 

Our failure to protect our intellectual
property may significantly harm our results of operations. 

Our success and ability to compete is dependent in part on our ability
to protect and maintain our proprietary rights to our intellectual property, particularly trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We generally enter into confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with our employees, consultants and
advisors. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for or adequate remedies to protect the Company’s technology in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of information. Efforts to address any infringement of our proprietary
rights could result in significant litigation costs, and any failure to adequately protect our proprietary rights could result in our competitors offering similar services, potentially resulting in the loss of one or more competitive advantages and
decreased sales. 

Despite efforts to protect our proprietary rights, existing trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws afford us
only limited protection. Others may attempt to copy or reengineer aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our products or to deter others
from developing similar products. Further, monitoring the unauthorized use of our products and other proprietary rights is difficult. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of
the proprietary rights of others. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could significantly harm our results of operations and reputation. 

We may incur impairment charges on our goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives that would reduce our earnings.

We are subject to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets,”(SFAS 142) which requires that goodwill and other intangible assets that have an indefinite life be tested at least annually for impairment. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives must also be tested for
impairment between the annual tests if a triggering event occurs that would likely reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. As of December 31, 2008, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives represented
approximately 15% of our total assets. If we determine that there has been an impairment, our financial results for the relevant period would be reduced by the amount of the impairment, net of tax effects, if any.