. 

Our
business is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including, among others, certain economic, political and technological factors. You should carefully consider the risk factors below, together with other matters described in this Report or
incorporated herein by reference, in evaluating our business and prospects. If any one or more of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely impacted and the trading price of our common
stock could decline. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Related to Our Sales and Operations 

Our performance may be affected by the economic conditions in the U.S. and in other nations where we do business. 

Declining economic conditions may have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. Overall demand for our products could be reduced as a result
of a global economic recession, especially in such customer segments as the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, diagnostic, chemical and electronics industries and academia. 

We face significant competition, including changes in pricing. 

The
markets for our products and services are both competitive and price sensitive. Many of our competitors have significant financial, operations, sales and marketing resources and experience in research and development. Competitors could develop new
technologies that compete with our products and services or even render our products obsolete. If a competitor develops superior technology or cost-effective alternatives to our products and services, our business could be seriously harmed.

The markets for some of our products are also subject to specific competitive risks because these markets are highly price
competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may be forced to respond by lowering our prices. This may reduce sales and possibly profits. Failure to anticipate and respond to
price competition may also impact sales and profits. 

We believe customers in our markets display a significant amount of
loyalty to their supplier of a particular product. To the extent we are not the first to develop, offer and/or supply new products, customers may buy from our competitors or make materials themselves, causing our competitive position to suffer.

Our sales and results of operations are dependent on the research and development spending patterns at pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and diagnostic companies. 

A number of factors impact the amount of money spent on the purchase of
research and development products by our customers. Our pharmaceutical customers experienced a softening over the past several years in all geographic areas. The Company does not have the ability to predict when this trend will reverse or the
ultimate impact on demand for the our products. Activities within these pharmaceutical companies, which are impacting demand for our products, include various programs to contain costs, shift from discovery to clinical research and mitigate risk in
the supply chain through intense vendor management and consolation. 

The credit crisis commencing in 2008 impacted the ability
of small, emerging pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic companies to access funding. Venture capital funding has since recovered modestly, but not at the levels seen prior to 2008. The degree of funding will impact demand, and the extent to
which demand from these customers will continue to be impacted is unknown. 

Approximately 33 percent of the Company’s
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2011 are from pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic companies. 

- 9 -

Table of Contents

Our sales and results of operations depend on our customers’ research and
development efforts and their ability to obtain funding for these efforts. 

Our customers include researchers at
companies in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, diagnostic, chemical, electronics and related industries, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets of these
researchers and their organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products. Our customers determine their research and development budgets based on several factors, including the need to develop new products, the availability
of governmental and other funding, competition and the general availability of resources. As we continue to expand our international operations, we expect research and development spending levels in markets outside of the U.S. will become
increasingly important to us. 

Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, spending
priorities, general economic conditions, institutional and governmental budgetary limitations and mergers of companies in the key industry sectors we serve. Our business could be seriously harmed by any significant decrease in life science and high
technology research and development expenditures by our customers. By way of example, since 2009 there have been significant reductions in research staff of both U.S. and European-based pharmaceutical companies. 

A small portion of our sales have been to researchers whose funding is dependent on grants from government agencies such as the U.S.
National Institute of Health, the National Science Foundation, the National Cancer Institute and similar agencies or organizations. Government funding of research and development is subject to the political process, which is often unpredictable.
Other programs, such as Homeland Security or defense, or general efforts to reduce the U.S. federal budget deficit could be viewed by the government as a higher priority. Any shift away from funding of life science and high technology research and
development or delays surrounding the approval of governmental budget proposals may cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products and services, which could seriously damage our business. 

Some of our customers receive funds from approved grants at a particular time of year, many times set by government budget cycles. In the
past, such grants have been frozen for extended periods or have otherwise become unavailable to various institutions without advance notice. The timing of the receipt of grant funds may affect the timing of purchase decisions by our customers and,
as a result, cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results. 

Likewise, public support of research and development in
key markets in Europe and elsewhere has come under pressure which may lead to decreased sales of our research products in those jurisdictions. 

Due to heavy reliance on manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute the products we sell, our business could be adversely affected by disruptions of these operations.

We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce products accounting for approximately 60 percent of our sales.
Our quality control, packaging and distribution operations support all of our sales. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as labor unrest, power interruptions, fire or other events beyond our control, could adversely
affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. While insurance coverage may reimburse us, in whole or in part, for profits lost from such disruptions, our ability to provide these products in the longer term
may affect our sales growth expectations and results. 

We have limited redundancies and back-up in our global distribution
network. For example, our automated warehouse in Germany handles a significant amount of the distribution of our products outside of the U.S. The efficiency and effectiveness of our global distribution network would be significantly compromised if
this warehouse were impacted by a natural disaster or other local disruption. If a disruption occurs, we may not be able to secure alternate distribution and replace the compromised inventory in a timely manner, causing deterioration in our current
service levels. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

- 10 -

Table of Contents

If we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or if
we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected. 

We depend on
information systems throughout the Company to control our manufacturing processes, process orders, manage inventory, process and bill shipments to and collect cash from our customers, respond to customer inquiries, contribute to our overall internal
control processes, maintain records of our property, plant and equipment, and record and pay amounts due vendors and other creditors. Additionally, in 2011, approximately 50 percent of the Company’s research sales originated through e-commerce.
Our systems could also be subject to viruses, break-ins, sabotage, acts of terrorism, acts of vandalism, hacking, cyber-terrorism and similar misconduct. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in our information systems that involve
interactions with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or increased costs, which could adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign agencies that require us to comply with a wide variety of regulations, including those regarding the manufacture and
distribution of products and environmental matters. 

Some of our operations are subject to regulation by various
U.S. federal agencies and similar state and international agencies, including the DOC, FDA, DOT, USDA and other comparable U.S., state, local and foreign governmental agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product activities, from
design and development to labeling, manufacturing, handling, sales, distribution, importing and exporting of products. If we fail to comply with any or all of these regulations, we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to recall products and/or
cease their manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs and reduce our sales. 

We are subject to
regulations that govern the handling of hazardous substances. 

We are subject to various federal, state, local and
international laws and regulations that govern the handling, transportation, manufacture, use, storage, disposal and sale of substances that are or could be classified as toxic or hazardous substances. Some risk of environmental and property damage
and environmental liabilities, including potential cleanup liability relating to currently or formerly owned or operated sites or third party disposal sites and liabilities relating to the exposure to hazardous substances, is inherent in our
operations and the products we manufacture, sell or distribute. Any failure by us to comply with the applicable government regulations could also result in product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on with or
expand in a portion or possibly all of our operations. If we fail to comply with any or all of these regulations, we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution, which would increase
our costs and reduce our sales. 

Changes in worldwide tax rates or tax benefits will impact our tax expense and our
profits. 

We are subject to a variety of taxes in numerous local, regional, national and international jurisdictions.
The laws regulating the taxes to which we are subject may change. We have no control over these changes and their impact, if any, on our results. Additionally, results of tax audit activity may also impact our tax provisions and our profits. We
reflect changes in our actual or forecast income tax rates as relevant facts and circumstances are known to us. Variations to our forecast tax rates and forecast diluted Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) in the future are possible due in part to
tax rate changes and changes in the status of tax uncertainties pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Subtopic 740-10. 

Litigation may harm our business. 

Substantial, complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur significant costs and distract our management. For example, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, collaborators, distributors, customers,

- 11 -

Table of Contents

competitors or others with protected intellectual property could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business. Disputes from time to time with such companies, organizations or
individuals are not uncommon, and we cannot assure you that we will always be able to resolve such disputes or do so on terms favorable to us. Unexpected results could cause us to have financial exposure in these matters in excess of recorded
reserves and insurance coverage, requiring us to provide additional reserves to address these liabilities, therefore impacting profits. 

Potential product liability claims could affect our earnings and financial condition and harm our reputation. 

We face potential liability claims arising out of the use of or exposure to our products and/or services. We carry product liability insurance coverage, generally available in the market, but which is
limited in scope and amount. Our products are generally used by trained scientists and operators, however, there is no assurance that they will be used in accordance with our terms and conditions of sale. As a result, we could be forced to defend
ourselves in connection with the use of these products or services. 

Although we seek to reduce our potential liability through
measures such as contractual indemnification provisions with customers and/or suppliers, we cannot assure you that such measures will be enforced or effective. Our financial position could be materially and adversely affected if we were required to
pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim that is outside the scope of the indemnification agreements, if the indemnity, although applicable, is not executed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of
applicable insurance or indemnification. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. Unexpected results could cause us to have financial
exposure in these matters in excess of recorded reserves and insurance coverage, requiring us to provide additional reserves to address these liabilities, impacting profits. 

If we fail to maintain adequate quality standards for our products and services, our business may be adversely affected and our reputation harmed. 

Our life science and high technology customers are often subject to rigorous quality standards to obtain and maintain regulatory approval
of their products and the manufacturing processes that generate them. A failure to maintain, or in some instances upgrade, our quality standards to meet our customers’ needs could result in the loss of a customer’s regulatory license and
potentially substantial sales losses to us. 

We heavily rely on third party air cargo carriers and other package
delivery services, and a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products or import materials, increase our costs and lower our profitability and harm our reputation.

We emphasize our prompt service and shipment of products as a key element of our sales and marketing strategy. We
ship a significant number of products to our customers through independent package delivery companies. In addition, we transport materials between our worldwide facilities and import raw materials from worldwide sources. Consequently, we heavily
rely on air cargo carriers and other third party package delivery providers. If any of our key third party providers were to experience a significant disruption such that any of our products, components or raw materials could not be delivered in a
timely fashion or we would incur additional costs that we could not pass on to our customers, our costs may increase and our relationships with certain customers may be adversely affected. In addition, if these third party providers increase prices,
and we are not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments to our selling prices, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely affected. 

Most of our products and services are highly technical in nature. In general, only highly qualified and trained scientists have the necessary skills to develop, manufacture and market our products and
provide our 

- 12 -

Table of Contents

services. In addition, some of our manufacturing, quality control, safety and compliance, information technology, sales and e-commerce related positions require persons possessing highly
technical skills. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to identify, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled professionals. We face intense competition for these professionals from our competitors, customers, marketing partners and
other companies throughout the industries in which we compete. Any failure on our part to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals would seriously damage our business. 

We depend heavily on the services of our senior management. We believe that our future success depends on the continued services of our
management team. Our business may be harmed by the loss of a significant number of our senior management members in a short period of time. 

Our business may be adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of commercial paper or other forms of credit. 

We had $221 million of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2011. If the market for commercial paper or other forms of
credit becomes restricted or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected including our consolidated results of operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. 

Our sales and operating results may vary from period to period. 

Our sales and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on a variety of factors
including, without limitation, those previously identified within other risk factors and the following: 

•

 the timing of our research and development, sales and marketing expenses and other charges; 

•

 the timing of significant custom sales orders, typically associated with our SAFC and Research Biotech businesses; 

•

 the expected higher level of sales growth in SAFC creating downward pressure on overall gross profit margins; 

•

 an increase in the sale of commoditized Research products creating downward pressure on overall gross profit margins; 

•

 changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and 

•

 unanticipated loss of market value of the securities we hold that are traded on public markets. 

Our expense levels are based in part on our future sales expectations. Consequently, sales or profits may vary significantly from quarter
to quarter or from year to year, and sales and profits in any interim period may not necessarily be indicative of results in subsequent periods. 

Technology innovations in the markets that we serve may create alternatives to our products and result in reduced sales. 

Technology innovations, which our current and potential customers might have access to, could reduce or eliminate their need for our
products. A new, competing or other disruptive technology that reduces or eliminates the use of one or more of our products could negatively impact the sale of those products. Our customers also constantly attempt to reduce their manufacturing costs
and improve product quality. We may be unable to respond on a timely basis to any or all of the changing needs of our customer base. Our failure to develop, introduce or enhance products able to compete with new technologies in a timely manner could
have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, specific industries in which we strategically place investments, such as the light emitting diode industry, may not generate expected returns as new
technologies are generated. 

- 13 -

Table of Contents

Demand for our products and services is subject to the commercial success of our
customers’ products, which may vary for reasons outside our control. 

Even if we are successful in securing
utilization of our products in a customer’s manufacturing process, sales of many of our products and services remain dependent on the timing and volume of the customer’s production, over which we have no control. The demand for our
products depends on regulatory approvals and frequently depends on the commercial success of the customer’s supported product. Regulatory processes are complex, lengthy, expensive and can often take years to complete. Commercial success of a
customer’s product, which would drive demand in their production and commensurate demand for our products and services, is dependent on many factors, some of which can change rapidly, despite early positive indications. 

Rapid changes in the healthcare industry could directly or indirectly adversely affect our business. 

A significant portion of our sales is derived from companies in the healthcare industry. This industry has undergone significant changes
in an effort to control costs. These changes include: 

•

 development of large and sophisticated group purchasing organizations; 

•

 healthcare reform legislation; 

•

 consolidation of pharmaceutical companies; 

•

 increased outsourcing of certain activities, including to low-cost offshore locations; 

•

 lower reimbursements for research and development; and 

•

 legislative limitations on healthcare research. 

We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Some of these potential changes, such as a reduction in governmental support of healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation
or regulations governing the ability to perform healthcare related research and the delivery or pricing of healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or to reduce
the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services. 

We may be unable to establish and maintain
collaborative development and marketing relationships with business partners, which could result in a decline in sales or slower than anticipated growth rates. 

As a part of our business strategy, we have formed, and intend to continue to form, strategic alliances and distribution arrangements with partners relating to the development and commercialization of
certain of our existing and potential products to increase our sales and to leverage our product and service offerings. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain these relationships and to cultivate additional, acceptable
strategic alliances with such companies. 

In addition, we cannot ensure that parties with which we have established, or will
establish, collaborative relationships will not, either directly or in collaboration with others, pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products in addition to, or instead of, products offered as a result of these collaborations.
Our business partners may also experience financial or other difficulties that lessen their value to us and to our customers. Our results of operations and opportunities for growth may be adversely affected by our failure to establish and maintain
successful collaborative relationships. 

Lack of early success with our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers can
shut us out of future business with those customers. 

A number of the products we sell to pharmaceutical and
biotechnology customers are incorporated into the customers’ drug manufacturing processes. In some cases, once a customer chooses a particular product for use in a drug manufacturing process, it is unlikely that the customer will later switch
to a competing 

- 14 -

Table of Contents

alternative. In many cases, the regulatory license for the product will specify the products qualified for use in the process. Obtaining the regulatory approvals needed for a change in the
manufacturing process is time consuming, expensive and uncertain. Accordingly, if a pharmaceutical or biotechnology customer does not select our products early in its manufacturing design phase for any number of reasons, including, but not limited
to, cost, ease of use, ability to supply large quantities or similar reasons, we may lose the opportunity to participate in the customer’s manufacturing of such product. Because we face competition in this market from other companies, we run
the risk that our competitors could win significant early business with a customer making it difficult for us to recover the late stage commercialization opportunity. 

We have significant inventories on hand. 

We maintain significant
inventories and have an allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventory. Any significant unanticipated changes in future product demand or market conditions, including the current uncertainty in the global market, could also have an impact on the
value of inventory and adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, if it would become necessary to rework product to make it saleable, this additional effort would impact the cost and impact our operating results. 

We expect to continue to implement various process improvement initiatives that may not achieve the desired results.

We have implemented a number of changes designed to improve operating efficiencies and reduce costs. We expect to
continue to identify opportunities for operational efficiencies and cost reduction and implement changes to achieve these efficiencies. Such improvements may lead to, among other things, the consolidation and integration of products, brands,
facilities, functions, systems and processes, any or all of which might present significant management challenges. There can be no assurance that such actions will be accomplished as rapidly as anticipated or that the full extent of expected cost
reductions will be achieved. 

Risks Related to Growth of Our Business 

Acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy. 

We have acquired or invested in several businesses and technologies and routinely review additional opportunities. Certain risks exist
including, without limitation, the potential for: 

•

 the acquisition or investment failing to provide the benefits originally anticipated by management; 

•

 difficulties in integrating the operations and systems of the acquired businesses and in realizing operating synergies; 

•

 difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and customers of the acquired companies; 

•

 management’s attention being diverted to the integration of the acquired businesses or acceptance of the acquired technology;

•

 rising interest rates on debt needed to provide cash to fund the purchase price of acquisitions; and 

•

 unanticipated contract or regulatory issues. 

None of these difficulties have been historically significant, but if they were to be in the future, we may be unable to achieve expectations from our acquisition strategy. In addition, we compete with
other companies for suitable acquisition targets and may not be able to acquire certain targets that we seek. Also, certain businesses we have acquired or invested in may not generate the cash flow and/or earnings or other benefits we anticipated at
the time of their acquisition. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions in a timely manner, such acquisitions may adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain key management
personnel, we may not be able to execute our acquisition strategy. 

- 15 -

Table of Contents

We must continually offer new products and technologies. 

Our success depends in large part on continuous and timely development and introduction of new products that address evolving customer
needs and changes in the market. We also believe that because of the initial time investment required by our customers to reach a purchasing decision for a new product, it may be difficult to regain that customer once the customer purchases a
product from a competitor. 

These facts have led us to focus significant efforts and resources on the development and
identification of new technologies and products. As a result, we have a very broad product line and are continually seeking to develop, license or acquire new technologies and products to further broaden our offering. If we fail in these efforts,
our customers likely will purchase products from our competitors, significantly harming our business. Once we develop or obtain a technology, to the extent that we fail to timely introduce new and innovative products that are accepted by our
markets, we could fail to obtain an adequate return on our research and development, licensing and acquisition investments and could lose market share to our competitors, which would be difficult or impossible to regain and could seriously damage
our business. Some of the factors affecting market acceptance of our products include, without limitation,: 

•

 availability, quality and price as compared to competitive products; 

•

 the functionality of new and existing products; 

•

 the timing of introduction of our products compared to competitive products; 

•

 scientists’ opinions of the product’s utility and our ability to incorporate their feedback into future products;

•

 citation of the products in published research; and 

•

 general trends in life sciences research. 

Risks Related to International Operations 

Foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business. 

Since we are a multinational corporation that sells and sources
products in many different countries, changes in exchange rates have in the past, and could in the future, adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. For example, the effect of translating foreign currency sales into U.S. dollars
increased 2011 sales by 3.7 percent, increased 2010 sales by 0.4 percent and decreased 2009 sales by 4.1 percent, respectively. Furthermore, reported sales and purchases made and expenses incurred in non-U.S. currencies by our international
businesses, when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, fluctuate due to exchange rate movement. Due to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency
exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on future sales and operating results. 

We
are subject to economic, political and other risks associated with our significant international business, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

We operate internationally primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries located in North and South America, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Australia and Africa. Sales outside the United States were in
excess of 66 percent of total sales in 2011. We expect that sales from international operations will continue to represent a growing portion of our sales. During 2011, approximately 15 percent of the Company’s United States operations’
chemical and equipment purchases were from international suppliers. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities, employees and suppliers to our international operations are located outside the United States. Our sales and earnings could be
adversely affected by a variety of factors resulting from our international operations, including, without limitation,: 

•

 future fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

- 16 -

Table of Contents

•

 complex regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements; 

•

 trade protection measures, tariffs, royalties or taxes, and import or export licensing requirements or restrictions; 

•

 multiple jurisdictions and differing tax laws, as well as changes in those laws; 

•

 restrictions on our ability to repatriate investments and earnings from foreign operations; 

•

 changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region, particularly in developing or emerging markets; 

•

 difficulty in staffing and managing worldwide operations;

•

 changes in shipping costs; and 

•

 difficulties in collecting on accounts receivable. 

If any of these risks materialize, we could face the loss of sales, and/or substantial increases in costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

We may become involved in disputes regarding our intellectual property rights, which could result in prohibition of the use of certain technology in current or planned products, exposure of the
business to significant liability and diversion of management’s focus. 

We and our major competitors spend
substantial time and resources developing and patenting new and improved products and technologies. Many of our products are based on complex, rapidly developing technologies. Further, while we strive to respect others’ intellectual property,
we may not have identified each and every instance where our products may infringe or utilize intellectual property rights held by others. Thus, we cannot provide assurance that others will not claim that we are infringing their intellectual
property rights or that we do not in fact infringe those rights. 

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties
alleging that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Any claims, with or without merit, could: 

•

 be expensive; 

•

 take significant time and divert management’s focus from other business concerns; 

•

 if successful, require us to stop the infringing activity, redesign our product or process or license the intellectual property in question, thereby
resulting in delays and loss or deferral of sales; 

•

 require us to pay substantial damage awards; and/or 

•

 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we are unable to obtain a royalty agreement or license on acceptable terms, or are unable to redesign our products or process to avoid
conflicts with any third party patent, we may be unable to offer some of our products, which could result in reduced sales. 

Our failure to protect our intellectual property may significantly harm our results of operations. 

Our success and ability to compete is dependent in part on our ability to protect and maintain proprietary rights to our intellectual
property, particularly trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We generally enter into confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with our employees, consultants and advisors. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for or
adequate remedies to protect the Company’s technology in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of information. Efforts to address any 

- 17 -

Table of Contents

infringement of our proprietary rights could result in significant litigation costs, and any failure to adequately protect our proprietary rights could result in our competitors offering similar
services, potentially resulting in the loss of one or more competitive advantages and decreased sales. 

Despite efforts to
protect our proprietary rights, existing trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws afford us only limited protection. Others may attempt to copy or reengineer aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as
proprietary. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our products or to deter others from developing similar products. Further, monitoring the unauthorized use of our products and other proprietary rights is difficult.
Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could
significantly harm our results of operations and reputation. 

We may incur impairment charges on our goodwill and other
intangible assets with indefinite lives that would reduce our earnings. 

We are subject to FASB ASC Topic 350 which
requires that goodwill and other intangible assets that have an indefinite life be tested at least annually for impairment. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives must also be tested for impairment between the annual tests if a
triggering event occurs that would likely reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. As of December 31, 2011, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives represented approximately 15 percent of our total
assets. If we determine that there has been an impairment, our financial results for the relevant period would be reduced by the amount of the impairment, net of tax effects, if any. The Company is not at risk of failing the impairment test as of
December 31, 2011.