Spending on goods that are, or are perceived to be “luxuries,” such as jewelry, is discretionary and is affected by general economic conditions. Therefore, a decline in consumer spending may unfavorably impact Signet’s future sales and earnings.

Jewelry purchases are discretionary and are dependent on consumers’ perceptions of general economic conditions, particularly as jewelry is often perceived to be a luxury purchase. Adverse changes in the economy and periods when discretionary spending by consumers may be under pressure could unfavorably impact sales and earnings. We may respond by increasing discounts or initiating marketing promotions to reduce excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our margins and operating results.

The success of Signet’s operations depends to a significant extent upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending. These include economic conditions, and perceptions of such conditions by consumers, consumer confidence, level of customer traffic in shopping malls and other retail centers, employment, the level of consumers’ disposable income, business conditions, interest rates, consumer debt and asset values, availability of credit and levels of taxation for the economy as a whole and in regional and local markets where we operate.

As 11% of Signet’s sales are accounted for by its UK Jewelry division, economic conditions in the eurozone have a significant impact on the UK economy even though the UK is not a member of the eurozone. Therefore, developments in the eurozone could adversely impact trading in the UK Jewelry division, as well as adversely impact the US economy. In addition, the UK may seek to leave the European Union (“EU”) and adopt an as yet unknown relationship with the EU. If this occurred, it could affect economic or market conditions throughout Europe and beyond and could contribute to instability in global credit markets. Any such exit by the UK from the EU could have a material adverse affect on Signet.

More than half of sales in the Sterling Jewelers division and approximately 40% of sales in the Zale division are made utilizing customer financing provided or facilitated by Signet. Therefore any deterioration in consumers’ financial position or changes to the regulatory requirements regarding the granting of credit to customers could adversely impact sales, earnings and the collectability of accounts receivable. 

More than half of Signet’s sales in the US and Canada utilize its in-house or third-party customer financing programs and an additional 25% of purchases are made using third party bank cards. Any significant deterioration in general economic conditions or increase in consumer debt levels may inhibit consumers’ use of credit and decrease consumers’ ability to satisfy Signet’s requirement for access to customer finance and could in turn have an adverse effect on the Company’s sales. Furthermore, any downturn in general or local economic conditions, in particular an increase in unemployment in the markets in which the Signet operates, may adversely affect its collection of outstanding accounts receivable, its net bad debt charge and hence earnings.

Additionally, Signet’s ability to extend credit to customers and the terms on which it is achieved depends on many factors, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the US and Canada, any of which may change from time to time, and such changes could adversely affect sales and income. In addition, other restrictions arising from applicable law could cause limitations in credit terms currently offered or a reduction in the level of credit granted by the Company, or by third parties, and this could adversely impact sales, income or cash flow.

The US Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law in July 2010. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act created a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with broad rule-making and supervisory authority for a wide range of consumer financial services, including Signet’s customer financing programs. The Bureau’s authority became effective in July 2011. Any new regulatory initiatives by the Bureau could impose additional costs and/or restrictions on credit practices of the Sterling Jewelers and Zale divisions, which could adversely affect their ability to conduct its business.

Signet’s share price may be volatile.

Signet’s share price may fluctuate substantially as a result of variations in the actual or anticipated results and financial conditions of Signet and other companies in the retail industry and the stock market’s view of the acquisition of Zale Corporation. In addition, the stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks in a manner unrelated, or disproportionate, to the operating performance of these companies.

Signet provides public guidance on its expected operating and financial results for future periods. Although Signet believes that this guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of management’s expectations for the future and is useful to its stockholders and potential stockholders, such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. Signet’s actual results may not always be in line with or exceed the provided guidance or the expectations of our investors and analysts, especially in times of economic uncertainty. In the past, when the Company has reduced its previously provided guidance, the market price of Signet’s common stock has declined. If, in the future, Signet’s operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of our investors and analysts or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline.

In addition, Signet may fail to meet the expectations of its stockholders or of analysts at some time in the future. If the analysts that regularly follow the Company’s stock lower their rating or lower their projections for future growth and financial performance, the Company’s stock price could decline. 

26

Table of Contents

The concentration of a significant proportion of sales and an even larger share of profits in the fourth quarter means results are dependent on performance during that period.

Signet’s business is highly seasonal, with a significant proportion of its sales and operating profit generated during its fourth quarter, which includes the Holiday Season. Management expects to continue to experience a seasonal fluctuation in its sales and earnings. Therefore, there is limited ability to compensate for shortfalls in fourth quarter sales or earnings by changes in its operations and strategies in other quarters, or to recover from any extensive disruption, for example, due to sudden adverse changes in consumer confidence, inclement weather conditions having an impact on a significant number of stores in the last few days immediately before Christmas Day or disruption to warehousing and store replenishment systems. A significant shortfall in results for the fourth quarter of any fiscal year would therefore be expected to have a material adverse effect on the annual results of operations. Disruption at lesser peaks in sales at Valentine’s Day and Mother’s Day would be expected to impact the results to a lesser extent. Additionally, in anticipation of increased sales activity in the Holiday Season, Signet incurs certain significant incremental expenses prior to and during peak selling seasons, including advertising and costs associated with hiring a substantial number of temporary employees to supplement our existing workforce.

Deterioration in our capital structure or financial performance could result in constraints on capital or financial covenant breaches. In addition, a portion of the Company’s debt is variable rate and volatility in benchmark interest rates could adversely impact the Company’s financial results.

While Signet has a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity to meet its operating requirements, the credit ratings agencies periodically review our capital structure and the quality and stability of our earnings. A deterioration in Signet’s capital structure or the quality and stability of earnings could result in a downgrade of Signet’s credit rating. Any negative ratings actions could also constrain the capital available to the Company, could limit the Company’s access to funding for its operations, funding dividends and share repurchases, and increase the Company’s financing costs. Changes in general credit market conditions could also affect Signet’s ability to access capital rates at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. If our ability to access capital becomes constrained, our interest costs will likely increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, as a result of the Company’s exposure to variable interest rate debt, volatility in benchmark interest rates could adversely impact the Company’s financial results.

Signet’s borrowing agreements include various financial covenants and operating restrictions. A material deterioration in its financial performance could result in a covenant being breached. If Signet were to breach, or believed it was going to breach, a financial covenant it would have to renegotiate its terms with current lenders or find alternative sources of financing if current lenders required cancellation of facilities or early repayment.

Movements in foreign exchange rates could adversely impact the results and balance sheet of Signet.

Signet publishes its consolidated annual financial statements in US dollars. At January 30, 2016, Signet held approximately 83% of its total assets in entities whose functional currency is the US dollar and generated approximately 85% of its sales and 92% of its operating income in US dollars for the fiscal year then ended. All the remaining assets, sales and operating income are in UK British pounds and Canadian dollars. Therefore, its results and balance sheet are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates between the US dollar and both the British pound and Canadian dollar. Accordingly, any decrease in the weighted average value of the British pound or Canadian dollar against the US dollar would decrease reported sales and operating income.

The monthly average exchange rates are used to prepare the income statement and are calculated each month from the weekly average exchange rates weighted by sales of the UK Jewelry division and the Canadian subsidiaries of the Zale division.

Where British pounds or Canadian dollars are held or used to fund the cash flow requirements of the business, any decrease in the weighted average value of the British pound or Canadian dollar against the US dollar would reduce the amount of cash and cash equivalents.

In addition, the prices of certain materials and products bought on the international markets by Signet are denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, Signet and its subsidiaries have exposures to exchange rate fluctuations on its cost of goods sold, as well as volatility of input prices if foreign manufacturers and suppliers are impacted by exchange rate fluctuations.

Fluctuations in the availability and pricing of commodities, particularly polished diamonds and gold, which account for the majority of Signet’s merchandise costs, could adversely impact its earnings and cash availability.

The jewelry industry generally is affected by fluctuations in the price and supply of diamonds, gold and, to a lesser extent, other precious and semi-precious metals and stones. In particular, diamonds accounted for about 
45%
, and gold about 
14%
, of Signet’s merchandise costs in Fiscal 2016.

In Fiscal 2016, prices for the assortment of polished diamonds utilized by Signet were relatively flat with prior year. Industry forecasts indicate that over the medium and longer term, the demand for diamonds will probably increase faster than the growth in supply, particularly as a result of growing demand in countries such as China and India. Therefore, the cost of diamonds is anticipated to rise over time, although fluctuations in price are likely to continue to occur. The mining, production and inventory policies followed by major producers of rough diamonds can have a significant impact on diamond prices, as can the inventory and buying patterns of jewelry retailers and other parties in the supply chain.

27

Table of Contents

While jewelry manufacturing is the major final demand for gold, management believes that the cost of gold is predominantly impacted by investment transactions which have resulted in significant volatility in the gold price in recent years, including a decline during Fiscal 2016. Signet’s cost of merchandise and potentially its earnings may be adversely impacted by investment market considerations that cause the price of gold to significantly escalate.

The availability of diamonds is significantly influenced by the political situation in diamond producing countries and by the Kimberley Process, an inter-governmental agreement for the international trading of rough diamonds. Until acceptable alternative sources of diamonds can be developed, any sustained interruption in the supply of diamonds from significant producing countries, or to the trading in rough and polished diamonds which could occur as a result of disruption to the Kimberley Process, could adversely affect Signet, as well as the retail jewelry market as a whole. In addition, the current Kimberley Process decision making procedure is dependent on reaching a consensus among member governments, which can result in the protracted resolution of issues, and there is little expectation of significant reform over the long-term. The impact of this review process on the supply of diamonds, and consumers’ perception of the diamond supply chain, is unknown. In addition to the Kimberley Process, the supply of diamonds to the US is also impacted by certain governmental trade sanctions imposed on Zimbabwe.

The possibility of constraints in the supply of diamonds of a size and quality Signet requires to meet its merchandising requirements may result in changes in Signet’s supply chain practices, for example its rough sourcing initiative. In addition, Signet may from time to time choose to hold more inventory, purchase raw materials at an earlier stage in the supply chain or enter into commercial agreements of a nature that it currently does not use. Such actions could require the investment of cash and/or additional management skills. Such actions may not result in the expected returns and other projected benefits anticipated by management.

An inability to increase retail prices to reflect higher commodity costs would result in lower profitability. Historically jewelry retailers have been able, over time, to increase prices to reflect changes in commodity costs. However, in general, particularly sharp increases in commodity costs may result in a time lag before increased commodity costs are fully reflected in retail prices. As Signet uses an average cost inventory methodology, volatility in its commodity costs may also result in a time lag before cost increases are reflected in retail prices. There is no certainty that such price increases will be sustainable, so downward pressure on gross margins and earnings may occur. In addition, any sustained increases in the cost of commodities could result in the need to fund a higher level of inventory or changes in the merchandise available to the customer.

In August 2012, the SEC, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, issued final rules, which require annual disclosure and reporting on the source and use of certain minerals, including gold, from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. The gold supply chain is complex and, while management believes that the rules currently cover less than 1% of annual worldwide gold production (based upon recent estimates), the final rules require Signet and other affected companies that file with the SEC to make specified country of origin inquiries of our suppliers, and otherwise to exercise reasonable due diligence in determining the country of origin and certain other information relating to any of the statutorily designated minerals (gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten), that are used in products sold by Signet in the US and elsewhere. On May 28, 2015, Signet filed with the SEC its Form Specialized Disclosure (“SD”) and accompanying Conflict Minerals Report in accordance with the SEC’s rules, which together describe our country of origin inquiries and due diligence measures relating to the source and chain of custody of those designated minerals Signet deemed necessary to the functionality or production of our products, the results of those activities and our related determinations with respect to the calendar year ended December 31, 2014.

There may be reputational risks associated with the potential negative response of our customers and other stakeholders to future disclosures by Signet in the event that, due to the complexity of the global supply chain, Signet is unable to sufficiently verify the origin of the relevant metals. Also, if future responses to verification requests by suppliers of any of the covered minerals used in our products are inadequate or adverse, Signet’s ability to obtain merchandise may be impaired and our compliance costs may increase. The final rules also cover tungsten and tin, which are contained in a small proportion of items that are sold by Signet. It is possible that other minerals, such as diamonds, could be subject to similar rules.

Price increases may have an adverse impact on Signet’s performance.

If significant price increases are implemented, by any division or across a wide range of merchandise, the impact on earnings will depend on, among other factors, the pricing by competitors of similar products in the same geographic area and the response by customers to higher prices. Such price increases may result in lower sales and adversely impact earnings.

Signet’s competitors are specialty jewelry retailers, as well as other jewelry retailers, including department stores, mass merchandisers, discount stores, apparel and accessory fashion stores, brand retailers, shopping clubs, home shopping television channels, direct home sellers, online retailers and auction sites. In addition, other retail categories and other forms of expenditure, such as electronics and travel, also compete for consumers’ discretionary expenditure, particularly during the holiday gift giving season. Therefore, the price of jewelry relative to other products influences the proportion of consumers’ expenditure that is spent on jewelry. If the relative price of jewelry increases, Signet’s sales and earnings may decline.

28

Table of Contents

The failure to satisfy the accounting requirements for “hedge accounting”, or default or insolvency of a counterparty to a hedging contract, could adversely impact results.

Signet hedges a portion of its purchases of gold for both its Sterling Jewelers and UK Jewelry divisions and hedges the US dollar requirements of its UK Jewelry division. The failure to satisfy the requirements of the appropriate accounting requirements, or a default or insolvency of a counterparty to a contract, could increase the volatility of results and may impact the timing of recognition of gains and losses in the income statement.

The inability of Signet to obtain merchandise that customers wish to purchase, particularly ahead of and during the fourth quarter, would adversely impact sales.

The abrupt loss or disruption of any significant supplier during the three month period (August to October) leading up to the fourth quarter could result in a material adverse effect on Signet’s business.

Also, if management misjudges expected customer demand or fails to identify changes in customer demand and/or its supply chain does not respond in a timely manner, it could adversely impact Signet’s results by causing either a shortage of merchandise or an accumulation of excess inventory.

Signet benefits from close commercial relationships with a number of suppliers. Damage to, or loss of, any of these relationships could have a detrimental effect on results. Management holds regular reviews with major suppliers. Signet’s most significant supplier accounts for 
3.9%
 of merchandise. Government requirements regarding sources of commodities, such as those required by the Dodd-Frank Act, could result in Signet choosing to terminate relationships with suppliers in the future due to a change in a supplier’s sourcing practices or Signet’s compliance with laws and internal policies.

Luxury and prestige watch manufacturers and distributors normally grant agencies the right to sell their ranges on a store-by-store basis. The watch brands sold by Ernest Jones, and to a lesser extent Jared, help attract customers and build sales in all categories. Therefore an inability to obtain or retain watch agencies for a location could harm the performance of that particular store. In the case of Ernest Jones, the inability to gain additional prestige watch agencies is an important factor in, and may reduce the likelihood of, opening new stores, which could adversely impact sales growth.

The growth in importance of branded merchandise within the jewelry market may adversely impact Signet’s sales and earnings if it is unable to obtain supplies of branded merchandise that the customer wishes to purchase. In addition, if Signet loses the distribution rights to an important branded jewelry range, it could adversely impact sales and earnings.

Signet has had success in recent years in the development of branded merchandise that is exclusive to its stores. If Signet is not able to further develop such branded merchandise, or is unable to successfully develop further such initiatives, it may adversely impact sales and earnings.

An inability to recruit, train, motivate and retain suitably qualified sales associates could adversely impact sales and earnings.

Management regards the customer experience as an essential element in the success of its business. Competition for suitable individuals or changes in labor and healthcare laws could require us to incur higher labor costs. Therefore an inability to recruit, train, motivate and retain suitably qualified sales associates could adversely impact sales and earnings.

Loss of confidence by consumers in Signet’s brand names, poor execution of marketing programs and reduced marketing expenditure could have a detrimental impact on sales.

Primary factors in determining customer buying decisions in the jewelry sector include customer confidence in the retailer and in the brands it sells, together with the level and quality of customer service. The ability to differentiate Signet’s stores and merchandise from competitors by its branding, marketing and advertising programs is an important factor in attracting consumers. If these programs are poorly executed, the level of support for them is reduced, or the customer loses confidence in any of Signet’s brands for whatever reason, it could unfavorably impact sales and earnings.

Long-term changes in consumer attitudes to jewelry could be unfavorable and harm jewelry sales.

Consumer attitudes to diamonds, gold and other precious metals and gemstones also influence the level of Signet’s sales. Attitudes could be affected by a variety of issues including concern over the source of raw materials; the impact of mining and refining of minerals on the environment, the local community and the political stability of the producing country; labor conditions in the supply chain; and the availability of and consumer attitudes to substitute products such as cubic zirconia, moissanite and laboratory created diamonds. A negative change in consumer attitudes to jewelry could adversely impact sales and earnings.

The retail jewelry industry is highly fragmented and competitive. Aggressive discounting by competitors may adversely impact Signet’s performance in the short term.

The retail jewelry industry is competitive. If Signet’s competitive position deteriorates, operating results or financial condition could be adversely affected.

Aggressive discounting by competitors may adversely impact Signet’s performance in the short term. This is particularly the case for easily comparable pieces of jewelry, of similar quality, sold through stores that are situated near to those that Signet operates.

29

Table of Contents

Signet faces significant competition from independent and regional specialty jewelry retailers that are able to adjust their competitive stance, for example on pricing, to local market conditions. This can put individual Signet stores at a competitive disadvantage as Signet division’s have a national pricing strategy.

The inability to rent stores that satisfy management’s operational and financial criteria could harm sales, as could changes in locations where customers shop. 

Signet’s results are dependent on a number of factors relating to its stores. These include the availability of desirable property, the demographic characteristics of the area around the store, the design, and maintenance of the stores, the availability of attractive locations within the shopping center that also meet the operational and financial criteria of management, the terms of leases and Signet’s relationship with major landlords. If Signet is unable to rent stores that satisfy its operational

and financial criteria, or if there is a disruption in its relationship with its major landlords, sales could be adversely affected.

Given the length of property leases that Signet enters into, it is dependent upon the continued popularity of particular retail locations. As Signet tests and develops new types of store locations and designs, there is no certainty as to their success. The majority of long-term space growth opportunities in the US are in new developments and therefore future store space is in part dependent on the investment by real estate developers in new projects. Limited new real estate development taking place would make it challenging to identify and secure suitable new store locations. The UK Jewelry division has a more diverse range of store locations than in the US or Canada, including some exposure to smaller retail centers which do not justify the investment required to refurbish the site to the current store format. Consequently, the UK Jewelry division is gradually closing stores in such locations as leases expire or satisfactory property transactions can be executed; however, the ability to secure such property transactions is not certain.

The rate of new store development is dependent on a number of factors including obtaining suitable real estate, the capital resources of Signet, the availability of appropriate staff and management and the level of the financial return on investment required by management.

Signet’s success is dependent on the strength and effectiveness of its relationships with its various stakeholders whose behavior may be affected by its management of social, ethical and environmental risks.

Social, ethical and environmental matters influence Signet’s reputation, demand for merchandise by consumers, the ability to recruit staff, relations with suppliers and standing in the financial markets. Signet’s success is dependent on the strength and effectiveness of its relationships with its various stakeholders: customers, shareholders, employees and suppliers. In recent years, stakeholder expectations have increased and Signet’s success and reputation will depend on its ability to meet these higher expectations. Signet’s success also depends upon its reputation for integrity in sourcing its merchandise, which, if adversely affected could impact consumer sentiment and willingness to purchase Signet’s merchandise.

Inadequacies in and disruption to systems could result in lower sales and increased costs or adversely impact the reporting and control procedures.

Signet is dependent on the suitability, reliability and durability of its systems and procedures, including its accounting, information technology, data protection, warehousing and distribution systems, and those of our service providers. If support ceased for a critical externally supplied software package or system, management would have to implement an alternative software package or system or begin supporting the software internally. Disruption to parts of the business could result in lower sales and increased costs.

Signet is in the process of substantially modifying our enterprise resource planning systems, which involves updating or replacing legacy systems with successor systems over the course of several years. These system changes and upgrades can require significant capital investments and dedication of resources. While Signet follows a disciplined methodology when evaluating and making such changes, there can be no assurances that the Company will successfully implement such changes, that such changes will occur without disruptions to its operations or that the new or upgraded systems will achieve the desired business objectives. Any damage, disruption or shutdown of the Company’s information systems, or the failure to successfully implement new or upgraded systems, could have a direct material adverse effect on Signet’s results of operations.

Security breaches and other disruptions to Signet’s information technology infrastructure and databases could interfere with Signet’s operations, and could compromise Signet’s and its customers’ and suppliers’ information, exposing Signet to liability which would cause Signet’s business and reputation to suffer.

Signet operates in multiple channels and, in the Sterling Jewelers division, maintains its own customer financing operation. Signet is also increasingly using mobile devices, social media and other online activities to connect with customers, staff and other stakeholders. Therefore, in the ordinary course of business, Signet relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including eCommerce sales, supply chain, merchandise distribution, customer invoicing and collection of payments. Signet uses information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, Signet collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, the propriety business information of our customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of Signet’s customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these networks, and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to Signet’s business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, we may not timely anticipate evolving techniques used to effect security breaches that may result in damage, disruptions or shutdowns of Signet’s and our 

30

Table of Contents

third-party vendors’ networks and infrastructure due to attacks by hackers, including phishing or other cyber-attacks, or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise Signet’s networks and the information stored there, including personal, proprietary or confidential information about Signet, our customers or our third-party vendors, and personally identifiable information of Signet’s customers and employees could be accessed, manipulated, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, exposing our customers to the risk of identity theft and exposing Signet or our third-party vendors to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. To date, these attacks or breaches have not had a material impact on Signet’s business or operations; however, any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, significant breach-notification costs, lost sales and a disruption to operations (including our ability to process consumer transactions and manage inventories), media attention, and damage to Signet’s reputation, which could adversely affect Signet’s business. In addition, it could harm Signet’s reputation and ability to execute its business through service and business interruptions, management distraction and/or damage to physical infrastructure, which could adversely impact sales, costs and earnings. If Signet is the target of a cybersecurity attack resulting in unauthorized disclosure of our customer data, we may be required to undertake costly notification and credit monitoring procedures. Compliance with these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business. 

The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is becoming increasingly demanding, with new and changing requirements applicable to Signet’s business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees and engaging consultants. 

These risks could have a material adverse effect on Signet’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.

An adverse decision in legal proceedings and/or tax matters could reduce earnings. 

Signet is involved in legal proceedings incidental to its business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. In March 2008, private plaintiffs filed a class action lawsuit for an unspecified amount against Sterling Jewelers Inc. (“Sterling”), a subsidiary of Signet, in US District Court for the Southern District of New York, which has been referred to private arbitration. In September 2008, the US Equal Employment Opportunities Commission filed a lawsuit against Sterling in US District Court for the Western District of New York. Sterling denies the allegations from both parties and has been defending these cases vigorously. If, however, it is unsuccessful in either defense, Sterling could be required to pay substantial damages. At this point, no outcome or amount of loss is able to be estimated. See Note 24 in Item 8.

At any point in time, various tax years are subject to, or are in the process of, audit by various taxing authorities. To the extent that management’s estimates of settlements change or the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact income tax in the period in which such determinations are made.

Failure to comply with labor regulations could harm the business.

State, federal and global laws and regulations regarding employment change frequently and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Failure by Signet to comply with labor regulations could result in fines and legal actions. In addition, the ability to recruit and retain staff could be harmed.

Collective bargaining activity could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.

The employees of our diamond polishing factory in Garborone, Botswana are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. If relationships with these employees become adverse, operations at the factory could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts and public demonstrations. Labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses, legal costs and limitations on our ability to take cost saving measures during economic downturns.

Failure to comply with changes in law and regulations could adversely affect the business.

Signet’s policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Changing legal and regulatory requirements in the US and other jurisdictions in which Signet operates have increased the complexity of the regulatory environment in which the business operates and the cost of compliance. Failure to comply with the various regulatory requirements may result in damage to Signet’s reputation, civil and criminal liability, fines and penalties, and further increase the cost of regulatory compliance. Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such laws could adversely impact Signet’s profitability and cash flows. Further, proposed tax changes that may be enacted in the future could adversely impact Signet’s current or future tax structure and effective tax rates.

Investors may face difficulties in enforcing proceedings against Signet Jewelers Limited as it is domiciled in Bermuda.

It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda would enforce judgments obtained by investors in other jurisdictions, including the US, Canada and the UK, against the Parent Company or its directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against the Parent Company or its directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.

31

Table of Contents

Any difficulty executing or integrating an acquisition, a business combination or a major business initiative may result in expected returns and other projected benefits from such an exercise not being realized.

Any difficulty in executing or integrating an acquisition, a business combination or a major business initiative, including our direct diamond sourcing capabilities, may result in expected returns and other projected benefits from such an

exercise not being realized. The acquisition of companies with operating margins lower than that of Signet may cause an overall lower operating margin for Signet. A significant transaction could also disrupt the operation of our current activities and divert significant management time and resources. Signet’s current borrowing agreements place certain limited constraints on our ability to make an acquisition or enter into a business combination, and future borrowing agreements could place tighter constraints on such actions.

Additional indebtedness relating to the acquisition of Zale Corporation reduces the availability of cash to fund other business initiatives.

Signet’s additional indebtedness to fund the acquisition of Zale Corporation has significantly increased Signet’s outstanding debt. This additional indebtedness requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to servicing this debt, which may impact the availability of cash to fund other business initiatives, including dividends and share repurchases. Significant changes to Signet’s financial condition as a result of global economic changes or difficulties in the integration or execution of strategies of the acquired business may affect our ability to satisfy the financial covenants included in the terms of the financing arrangements.

Failure to successfully combine Signet’s and Zale Corporation’s businesses in the expected time frame may adversely affect the future results of the combined company, and there is no assurance that we will be able to fully achieve integration-related efficiencies or that those achieved will offset transaction-related costs.

The success of the transaction will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the Signet and Zale businesses in order to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from combination. If the combined company is not able to achieve these objectives, or is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be realized fully. In addition, we have incurred a number of substantial transaction and intergration-related costs associated with completing the transaction, combining the operations of the two companies and taking steps to achieve desired synergies. Transaction costs include, but are not limited to, fees paid to legal, financial, accounting and integration advisors, regulatory filing fees and printing costs. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our and Zale Corporation’s businesses. There can be no assurance that the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the two businesses, as well as the elimination of certain duplicative costs, will offset the incremental transaction-related costs over time. Thus, any net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, the long term, or at all.

Additionally, these integration difficulties could result in declines in the market value of our common stock.

Litigation related to our acquisition of Zale Corporation if unfavorably decided could result in substantial cost to us.

In connection with the Zale Corporation acquisition, a consolidated lawsuit on behalf of a purported class of former Zale Corporation stockholders was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The lawsuit names as defendants Signet and the members of the board of directors of Zale Corporation, among others. On October 29, 2015, the Court dismissed the lawsuit against all defendants and currently an appeal of that decision is pending in the Delaware Supreme Court. Additional lawsuits may be filed against Zale Corporation, Signet, Signet’s merger subsidiary and Zale Corporation’s directors related to the transaction. The defense or settlement of, or an unfavorable judgment in, any lawsuit or claim could result in substantial costs and could adversely affect the combined company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. At this point, no outcome or range of loss is able to be estimated. 

Our inability or failure to protect intellectual property could have a negative impact on our brands, reputation and operating results.

Signet’s trade names, trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property are important assets and an essential element of the Company’s strategy. The unauthorized reproduction, theft or misappropriation of Signet’s intellectual property could diminish the value of its brands or reputation and cause a decline in sales. Protection of Signet’s intellectual property and maintenance of distinct branding are particularly important as they distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The costs of defending our intellectual property may adversely affect the Company’s operating results. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against Signet, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product delays, or require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim could have a material adverse effect on Signet’s operating results.

If our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant charges to earnings.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet as a result of the Zale Corporation acquisition. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Application of the impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and the determination of fair value of each reporting unit. There is a risk that a significant deterioration in a key estimate or assumption or a less significant deterioration to a combination of assumptions or the sale of a part of a reporting unit could result in an impairment charge in the future, which could have a significant adverse impact on our reported earnings.

For further information on our testing for goodwill impairment, see “Critical Accounting Policies” under Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

32

Table of Contents

Loss of one or more key executive officers or employees could adversely impact performance, as could the appointment of an inappropriate successor or successors.

Signet’s future success will partly depend upon the ability of senior management and other key employees to implement an appropriate business strategy. While Signet has entered into termination protection agreements with such key personnel, the retention of their services cannot be guaranteed and the loss of such services could have a material adverse effect on Signet’s ability to conduct its business. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense, and Signet’s future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain talented personnel. In addition, any new executives may wish, subject to Board approval, to change the strategy of Signet. The appointment of new executives may therefore adversely impact performance.