This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, concerning, among other things, our outlook, financial
projections and business strategies, all of which are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar terms. These
statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses that we believe are appropriate under the
circumstances. Such statements are subject to, among other things, general economic and business
conditions, the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities, global
economic growth and activity, political stability of oil-producing countries, finding and
development costs of operations, decline and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells,
seasonal weather conditions, industry conditions, and changes in laws or regulations, many of which
are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from
those expected, estimated or projected. Management believes these forward-looking statements are
reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which are based only on our current expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of them in
light of new information, future events or otherwise.

     You should consider the following
important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf.

     The significant deterioration in the global business environment and related factors could
adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

     The recent significant deterioration in the global business environment has led to a
significant reduction in commodity prices, which has contributed to lower cash flow generation for
exploration and production companies. In addition, a reduction in the availability and increased
cost of financing has had a significant impact on a number of our customers. These factors could
contribute to a material decline in our customers’ spending levels which may continue or
accelerate. A continued reduction in the level of future investment could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

     Moreover, if the business environment and/or the market value of our common stock decline
further, we may be required to record a goodwill impairment loss, which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and our compliance with applicable debt covenants.

     The current financial and credit market environment may impact our ability to finance our
business operations and may limit our ability to expand our business through acquisition.

     The recent significant deterioration in global financial and credit markets has at times
limited availability of financing and has increased its cost when available.

     As a result of the W-H acquisition, we have substantially increased our debt, which includes a
$1.0 billion bridge loan that matures in August 2009. In addition, we also have
scheduled debt maturities under term loan facilities of approximately $270 million
due in 2009. We do not expect cash flows from operations to be
sufficient to satisfy all of these required repayments and intend to refinance some or all of this
debt. Currently, we believe we have access to the credit and capital markets, albeit at higher
cost than our existing debt. However, there is no assurance that we will continue to have access
to the debt markets at a reasonable cost or in amounts required by us.

     Further, any inability to access the credit and capital markets could limit our ability to
make significant business acquisitions, including transactions under the applicable provisions of
our joint venture agreements in which the partners may offer to sell us their ownership interests
in the joint ventures. In addition, we may need waivers of applicable debt covenants or be
required to issue equity securities, resulting in dilution to our existing stockholders, or sell
assets. Our ability to access the debt and/or equity capital markets may be restricted or limited
at such time, which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue these opportunities. The
failure to pursue these opportunities, or the consequences of seeking waivers, issuing equity or
selling assets could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations, financial
position and cash flows.

8

Table of Contents

     Smith is dependent on the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities.

     Demand for Smith’s products and services is dependent upon the level of oil and natural gas
exploration and development activities. The level of worldwide oil and natural gas development
activities is primarily influenced by the price of oil and natural gas, as well as price
expectations. The current state of world economies could lead to
further
weakness in exploration and production spending levels — further
reducing demand for the Company’s products and services and
adversely impacting future results. In addition to oil and natural gas prices, the following factors impact exploration
and development activity and may lead to significant changes in worldwide activity levels:

•

overall level of global economic growth and activity;

•

actual and perceived changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas;

•

political stability and policies of oil-producing countries;

•

finding and development costs of operators;

•

decline and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells; and

•

seasonal weather conditions that temporarily curtail drilling operations.

     Changes in any of these factors could adversely impact Smith’s financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.

     A significant portion of Smith’s revenue is derived in markets outside of North America.

     Smith is a multinational oilfield service company and generates the majority of its oilfield
revenues in markets outside of North America. Changes in conditions within certain countries that
have historically experienced a high degree of political and/or economic instability could
adversely impact Smith’s operations in such countries and as a result Smith’s financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. Additional risks inherent in Smith’s non-North American
business activities include:

•

changes in political and economic conditions in the countries in which Smith
operates, including civil uprisings, riots and terrorist acts;

•

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements affecting oil and natural gas
exploration and development activities;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the value of the U.S. dollar;

•

restrictions on repatriation of earnings or expropriation of property without fair
compensation;

•

governmental actions that result in the deprivation of contract or proprietary
rights in the countries in which Smith operates; and

•

governmental sanctions.

     Smith operates in a highly technical and competitive environment.

     Smith operates in a highly competitive business environment. Accordingly, demand for Smith’s
products and services is largely dependent on its ability to provide leading-edge, technology-based
solutions that reduce the operator’s overall cost of developing energy assets. If competitive or
other market conditions impact Smith’s ability to continue providing superior-performing product
offerings, Smith’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely
impacted.

Regulatory compliance costs and liabilities could adversely impact Smith’s earnings and cash
available for operations.

     Smith is exposed to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations
relating to matters such as the use of hazardous materials, health and safety, labor and
employment, import/export control, currency exchange, bribery, corruption and taxation, and
environmental, including laws and regulations governing air emissions, water discharge and waste
management. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become
more stringent over time. In the event the scope of these laws and regulations expand in the
future, the incremental cost of compliance could adversely impact Smith’s financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. For example, the adoption of more stringent laws and
regulations curtailing the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities
could adversely affect Smith’s operations by limiting demand for its products and services.

9

Table of Contents

     Smith’s industry is experiencing more litigation involving claims of infringement of
intellectual property rights.

     Over the past few years, Smith’s industry has experienced increased litigation related to the
infringement of intellectual property rights. Although no material matters are pending or
threatened at this time, Smith, as well as certain of its competitors, has been named as defendants
in various intellectual property matters in the past. These types of claims are typically costly
to defend, involve monetary judgments that, in certain circumstances, are subject to being enhanced
and are often brought in venues that have proved to be favorable to plaintiffs. If Smith is served
with an intellectual property claim that it is unsuccessful in defending, it could adversely impact
Smith’s results of operations and cash flows.