This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, concerning, among other things, our outlook, financial
projections and business strategies, all of which are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar terms. These
statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses that we believe are appropriate under the
circumstances. Such statements are subject to, among other things, general economic and business
conditions, the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities, global
economic growth and activity, political stability of oil-producing countries, finding and
development costs of operations, decline and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells,
seasonal weather conditions, industry conditions, and changes in laws or regulations, many of which
are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from
those expected, estimated or projected. Our management believes these forward-looking statements
are reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which are based only on our current expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of them in
light of new information, future events or otherwise.

     With this in mind, you should consider the risks discussed elsewhere in this report and other
documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time and the following
important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf.

We are dependent on the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities.

     Demand for our products and services is dependent upon the level of oil and natural gas
exploration and development activities. The level of worldwide oil and natural gas development
activities is primarily influenced by the price of oil and natural gas, as well as price
expectations. In addition to oil and natural gas prices, the following factors impact
exploration and development activity and may lead to significant changes in worldwide activity
levels:

•

Overall level of global economic growth and activity;

•

Actual and perceived changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas;

•

Political stability and policies of oil-producing countries;

•

Finding and development costs of operators;

•

Decline and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells; and

•

Seasonal weather conditions that temporarily curtail drilling operations.

     Changes in any of these factors could adversely impact our financial condition or results
of operations.

There are certain risks associated with conducting business in markets outside of North America.

     We are a multinational oilfield service company and generate the majority of our Oilfield
segment revenues in markets outside of North America. Changes in conditions within certain
countries that have historically experienced a high degree of political and/or economic
instability could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.
Additional risks inherent in our non-North American business activities include:

•

Changes in political and economic conditions in the countries in which
we operate, including civil uprisings, riots and terrorist acts;

•

Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

•

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the value of the U.S. dollar;

•

Restrictions on repatriation of earnings or expropriation of property without fair compensation;

•

Governmental actions that result in the deprivation of contract rights; and

•

Governmental sanctions.

9

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly technical and competitive environment.

     We operate in a highly-competitive business environment. Accordingly, demand for our
products and services is largely dependent on our ability to provide leading-edge,
technology-based solutions that reduce the operator’s overall cost of developing energy assets.
If competitive or other market conditions impact our ability to continue providing
superior-performing product offerings, our financial condition or results of operations could
be adversely impacted.

Our businesses are subject to a variety of governmental regulations.

     We are exposed to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and
regulations relating to matters such as environmental, health and safety, export control,
currency exchange, labor and employment and taxation. These laws and regulations are complex,
change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. In the event the scope
of these laws and regulations expand in the future, the incremental cost of compliance could
adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.

Our industry is experiencing more litigation involving claims of infringement of intellectual
property rights.

     Over the past few years, our industry has experienced increased litigation related to the
infringement of intellectual property rights. Although no material matters are pending or
threatened at this time, we, as well as certain of our competitors, have been named as
defendants in various intellectual property matters in the past. These types of claims are
typically costly to defend, involve monetary judgments that, in certain circumstances, are
subject to being enhanced and are often brought in venues which have proved to be favorable to
plaintiffs. If we are served with an intellectual property claim which we are unsuccessful in
defending, it could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.

10

Table of Contents