This document contains forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of the Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, concerning, among other things, our
 outlook, financial projections and business strategies, all of
 which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These
 forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms
 such as “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
 “project,” “should” and similar terms. These
 statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses that we
 believe are appropriate under the circumstances. Such statements
 are subject to, among other things, overall demand for and
 pricing of the Company’s products and services, general
 economic and business conditions, the level of oil and natural
 gas exploration and development activities, global economic
 growth and activity, political stability of oil-producing
 countries, finding and development costs of operations, decline
 and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells, seasonal
 weather conditions, industry conditions, changes in laws or
 regulations, and other risk factors that are discussed below,
 many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Should one
 or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
 the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ
 materially from those expected, estimated or projected.
 Management believes these forward-looking statements are
 reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on
 these forward-looking statements, which are based only on our
 current expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as
 of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to
 publicly update or revise any of them in light of new
 information, future events or otherwise.

 You should consider the following important factors that could
 cause our actual results to differ materially from those
 expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our
 behalf.

 Risks
 Related To Our Business

 The
 significant deterioration in the global business environment and
 related factors could adversely impact our financial condition
 and results of operations.

 The deterioration in the global business environment has led to
 a significant reduction in commodity prices from average levels
 reported in 2008, which has contributed to lower cash flow
 generation for oil and natural gas exploration and production
 companies. In addition, the reduction in the availability and
 increased cost of financing which began in the second half of
 2008 had a significant impact on a number of our customers.
 These factors, if continued or worsened, could contribute to a
 sustained or further decline in our customers’ spending
 levels. As a result, we must manage our costs, including our
 workforce levels, to match the decline. A continued reduction in
 the level of future investment or our inability to reduce our
 costs sufficiently to match the material slowdown in drilling
 activity could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 Moreover, if the business environment experiences a significant
 deterioration from current levels, we may be required to record
 goodwill
 and/or other
 intangible asset impairment losses, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 condition and our compliance with applicable debt covenants.

 The
 financial and credit market environment may limit our ability to
 expand our business through acquisitions and to fund necessary
 expenditures.

 The global financial and credit market environment has, at
 times, limited the availability of financing and increased costs
 when available. Any inability to access the credit and capital
 markets could limit our ability to make significant business
 acquisitions and pursue business opportunities. On
 February 21, 2010, we and Schlumberger entered into an
 Agreement and Plan of Merger pursuant to which a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Schlumberger will merge with and into us and we
 will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Schlumberger. If the
 Merger is not consummated, either we or our M-I SWACO joint
 venture partner, Schlumberger, can offer to sell to the other
 party its entire ownership interest in the joint venture in
 exchange for a cash purchase price specified by the offering
 partner. If the initiating partner’s offer to sell is not
 accepted, such party is obligated to purchase the other
 party’s interest at the same valuation per interest. If we
 agree to purchase Schlumberger’s joint venture interest,
 whether pursuant to these provisions or otherwise, we would need
 to fund the transaction. Our funding could include issuing
 equity, resulting in dilution to our existing stockholders,
 obtaining additional debt, which may require waivers of
 applicable debt covenants, or obtaining other financing, as well
 as using available cash to fund the purchase. This financing
 and/or use
 of cash could impact our ability to fund working capital
 requirements, make capital

 8

Table of Contents

 expenditures and investments or fund other general corporate
 requirements, and could limit our ability to make future
 acquisitions. Should we instead not purchase Schlumberger’s
 interest, we would no longer have an interest in the joint
 venture. The failure to pursue significant acquisition
 opportunities, or the consequences of seeking waivers, issuing
 equity or obtaining other financing, could have a material
 adverse effect on our future results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows.

 We are
 dependent on the level of oil and natural gas exploration and
 development activities.

 Demand for our products and services is dependent upon the level
 of oil and natural gas exploration and development activities.
 The level of worldwide oil and natural gas development
 activities is primarily influenced by the price of oil and
 natural gas, as well as price expectations. The current state of
 world economies could lead to further weakness in exploration
 and production spending levels, further reducing demand for our
 products and services and adversely impacting future results. In
 addition to oil and natural gas prices, the following factors
 impact exploration and development activity and may lead to
 significant changes in worldwide activity levels:

 • 

 overall level of global economic growth and activity;

 • 

 actual and perceived changes in the supply of and demand for oil
 and natural gas;

 • 

 political stability and policies of oil-producing countries;

 • 

 finding and development costs of operators;

 • 

 decline and depletion rates for oil and natural gas wells;

 • 

 seasonal weather conditions that temporarily curtail drilling
 operations; and

 • 

 laws and regulations related to environmental or energy security
 matters, including those addressing alternative energy sources
 and the risks of global climate change.

 Changes in any of these factors could adversely impact our
 financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

 A
 significant portion of our revenue is derived in markets outside
 of North America.

 We are a multinational oilfield service company and generate the
 majority of our oilfield-related revenues in markets outside of
 North America. Changes in conditions within certain countries
 that have historically experienced a high degree of political
 and/or
 economic instability could adversely impact our operations in
 such countries and as a result our financial condition, results
 of operations or cash flows. Additional risks inherent in our
 non-North American business activities include:

 • 

 changes in political and economic conditions in the countries in
 which we operate, including civil uprisings, riots and terrorist
 acts;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements affecting oil and
 natural gas exploration and development activities;

 • 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the value of the
 U.S. dollar;

 • 

 restrictions on repatriation of earnings or expropriation of
 property without fair compensation;

 • 

 governmental actions that result in the deprivation of contract
 or proprietary rights in the countries in which we
 operate; and

 • 

 governmental sanctions.

 We
 operate in a highly technical and competitive
 environment.

 We operate in a highly competitive business environment.
 Accordingly, demand for our products and services is largely
 dependent on our ability to provide leading-edge,
 technology-based solutions that reduce the operator’s
 overall cost of developing energy assets and to commercialize
 performance-driven new technology. If competitive

 9

Table of Contents

 or other market conditions impact our ability to continue
 providing superior-performing product offerings, our financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows could be
 adversely impacted.

 Regulatory
 compliance costs and liabilities could adversely impact our
 earnings and cash available for operations.

 We are exposed to a variety of federal, state, local and
 international laws and regulations relating to matters such as
 the use of hazardous materials, health and safety, labor and
 employment, import/export control, currency exchange, bribery,
 corruption and taxation, and the environment, including laws and
 regulations governing air emissions, wastewater discharges and
 waste management. These laws and regulations are complex, change
 frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time.
 In the event the scope of these laws and regulations expand in
 the future, the incremental cost of compliance could adversely
 impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows. For example, the adoption of more stringent laws and
 regulations that curtailed either directly or indirectly the
 level of oil and natural gas exploration and development
 activities could adversely affect our operations by limiting
 demand for our products and services.

 Our
 industry is experiencing more litigation involving claims of
 infringement of intellectual property rights.

 Over the past years, the industry in which we operate has
 experienced increased litigation related to the infringement of
 intellectual property rights. Although no material matters are
 pending or threatened at this time, we, as well as certain of
 our competitors, have been named as defendants in various
 intellectual property matters in the past. These types of claims
 are typically costly to defend, involve the risk of monetary
 judgments that, in certain circumstances, are subject to being
 enhanced and are often brought in venues that have proved to be
 favorable to plaintiffs. If we are served with any intellectual
 property claims that we are unsuccessful in defending, it could
 adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition
 and cash flows.

 Our
 business operations in countries outside the United States are
 subject to a number of U.S. federal laws and regulations,
 including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act as well as trade sanctions administered by the Office of
 Foreign Assets Control and the Commerce
 Department.

 Our business operations in countries outside the United States
 are subject to a number of U.S. federal laws and
 regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) as well as trade
 sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control
 (“OFAC”) and the Commerce Department. The FCPA is
 intended to prohibit bribery of foreign officials or parties and
 requires public companies in the United States to keep books and
 records that accurately and fairly reflect those companies’
 transactions. OFAC and the Commerce Department administer and
 enforce economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign
 policy and national security goals against targeted foreign
 states, organizations and individuals. If we fail to comply with
 these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to claims for
 damages, financial penalties, reputational harm, and
 incarceration of our employees or restrictions on our
 operations. We have received an administrative subpoena with
 respect to our historical business practices in Iran and Sudan.
 We are conducting a review of our business activities involving
 Iran and Sudan, and are actively pursuing the termination of all
 business activities in Iran and Sudan. While the nature and
 scope of issues that may emerge from this review are yet to be
 determined, there is a risk that we could identify violations of
 U.S. sanctions laws, which if pursued by regulatory
 authorities, could result in administrative or criminal
 penalties which in certain circumstances could adversely impact
 our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 Our
 business may be affected by market or regulatory responses to
 climate change.

 Climate change and greenhouse gas emissions are the subject of a
 significant attention within and outside the United States.
 Future environmental regulatory developments (such as
 restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls) could adversely
 influence the cost of and demand for oil and natural gas. A
 reduction in demand for these commodities may result in a
 decline in exploration and production spending by our customers,
 which in turn could adversely impact demand and pricing for our
 products and services. Additionally, restrictions on emissions
 or other climate change related mandates could result in
 significant increases in the cost of our goods and services.
 There is no assurance that in response to escalating expenses,
 we could increase our prices to customers sufficiently to
 mitigate the financial impact

 10

Table of Contents

 of such cost expansion. These factors, individually or together,
 or other unforeseen impacts of climate change regulation could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 Risks
 Related to the Pending Merger with Schlumberger

 Our
 ability to complete the Schlumberger Merger is subject to
 stockholder approval, certain closing conditions and the receipt
 of consents and approvals from government entities which may
 impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the
 Merger to be abandoned.

 The Merger Agreement contains certain closing conditions
 including approval of the Merger by Smith stockholders, the
 absence of injunctions or other legal restrictions and that no
 material adverse effect shall have occurred to either company.
 In addition, we will be unable to complete the merger until we
 receive approvals from the Department of Justice, the Federal
 Trade Commission, the European Commission and various other
 governmental entities. Regulatory entities may impose certain
 requirements or obligations as conditions for their approval.
 The Merger Agreement may require us to accept conditions from
 these regulators that could adversely impact the combined
 company. We can provide no assurance that we will satisfy the
 various closing conditions and obtain the necessary approvals or
 that any required conditions will not materially adversely
 affect us following the Merger. In addition, we can provide no
 assurance that these conditions will not result in the
 abandonment or delay of the Merger.

 Failure
 to complete the Merger could negatively impact us.

 If the Merger is not completed, our ongoing businesses and the
 market price of our common stock may be adversely affected and
 we will be subject to several risks, including being required,
 under certain circumstances, to pay a termination fee of
 $340 million; having to pay certain costs relating to the
 proposed merger, and diverting the focus of management from
 pursuing other opportunities that could be beneficial to us, in
 each case, without realizing any of the benefits of having the
 Merger completed.

 The
 pendency of the Merger could adversely affect us.

 In connection with the pending Merger, some of our customers may
 delay or defer purchasing decisions, which could negatively
 impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows regardless of
 whether the Merger is completed. Additionally, we have agreed in
 the Merger Agreement to refrain from taking certain actions with
 respect to our business and financial affairs during the
 pendency of the Merger, which restrictions could be in place for
 an extended period of time if completion of the Merger is
 delayed and could adversely impact our financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows.

 The
 combined company could incur substantial expenses related to the
 integration of the Company and Schlumberger.

 We expect that the combined company will incur substantial
 expenses in connection with integrating our business, policies,
 procedures, operations, technologies and systems with those of
 Schlumberger. There are a large number of systems that must be
 integrated, including information management, purchasing,
 accounting and finance, sales, billing, payroll and benefits,
 fixed asset and lease administration systems and regulatory
 compliance. While we have assumed that a certain level of
 expenses would be incurred, there are a number of factors beyond
 the control of Schlumberger or us that could affect the total
 amount or the timing of all of the expected integration
 expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred,
 by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the
 present time. These expenses could, particularly in the near
 term, exceed the savings that we expect to achieve from the
 elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of
 economies of scale and cost savings and revenue enhancements
 related to the integration of the businesses following the
 completion of the Merger. These integration expenses may result
 in the combined company taking significant charges against
 earnings following the completion of the Merger.

 11

Table of Contents

 Following
 the Merger, the combined company may be unable to successfully
 integrate our business and Schlumberger’s business and
 realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger.

 The Merger involves the combination of two companies which
 currently operate as independent public companies. The combined
 company will be required to devote management attention and
 resources to integrating its business practices and operations.
 Potential difficulties the combined company may encounter in the
 integration process include the following:

 • 

 the inability to successfully integrate our business into
 Schlumberger’s business in a manner that permits the
 combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating
 synergies anticipated to result from the Merger, which would
 result in the anticipated benefits of the Merger not being
 realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently
 anticipated or at all;

 • 

 lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of
 either of the two companies deciding not to do business with the
 combined company;

 • 

 integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining
 focus on providing consistent, high quality products and
 customer service;

 • 

 potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses,
 delays or regulatory conditions associated with the
 Merger; and

 • 

 performance shortfalls at one or both of the two companies as a
 result of the diversion of management’s attention caused by
 completing the Merger and integrating the companies’
 operations.

 In addition, we and Schlumberger have operated and, until the
 completion of the Merger, will continue to operate,
 independently. It is possible that the integration process could
 result in the diversion of each company’s management
 attention, the disruption or interruption of, or the loss of
 momentum in, each company’s ongoing businesses or
 inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies,
 any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain
 relationships with customers and employees or our ability to
 achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger, or could reduce
 the earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and
 financial results of the combined company.

 We and
 Schlumberger may be unable to retain key
 employees.

 In connection with the pending Merger, our current and
 prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their
 future roles with the combined company following the Merger,
 which may materially adversely affect our ability to attract and
 retain key personnel during the pendency of the Merger.
 Additionally, our success after the Merger will depend in part
 upon our ability to retain key Schlumberger and Smith employees.
 Key employees may depart either before or after the Merger
 because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of
 integration or a desire not to remain with us following the
 Merger. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be
 able to retain key employees to the same extent that we or
 Schlumberger have been able to in the past.