.

          The Company’s business, operations, and financial condition are subject to various risks and
uncertainties. The risk factors described below should be carefully considered, together with the
other information contained or incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
the Company’s other filings with the SEC, in connection with evaluating the Company, its business
and the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems immaterial also may affect
the Company. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations.

•

The Company operates in the competitive food industry and relies on continued demand for
the Company’s products.

The Company faces competition across its product lines from other food companies with the
primary methods and factors in competition being product quality, price, packaging, new
product introductions, nutritional value, convenience, customer service, advertising, and
promotion. In order to generate future revenues and profits, the Company must continue to
sell products that appeal to the Company’s customers and consumers. Specifically, there are
a number of trends in consumer preferences that may impact the Company and the food industry
as a whole including convenience, consumer dietary trends, and obesity, health and
nutritional concerns. Continued success is dependent on product innovation, the ability to
secure and maintain adequate retail shelf space, and effective trade merchandising,
advertising, and marketing programs. Some of the Company’s competitors have substantial
financial, marketing, and other resources, and competition with them in the Company’s various
markets and product lines could cause the Company to reduce prices, increase marketing or
other expenditures, or lose category share. Category share and growth could be adversely
impacted if the Company is not successful in introducing new products.

•

Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced private label or other value offerings
during economic downturns, which may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

During economic downturns, consumers may be less willing or able to pay a price differential
for the Company’s branded products, and may increasingly purchase more lower-priced offerings
and may forego some purchases altogether. The Company has experienced increased competitive
pressure from private label products during recent periods. Retailers may also increase
levels of promotional activity for lower-priced or value offerings as they seek to maintain
sales volumes during times of economic uncertainty. Accordingly, economic downturns could
reduce sales volumes of the Company’s branded products or lead to a shift in sales mix toward
its lower margin offerings, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations.

•

The success of the Company’s business depends substantially on consumer perceptions of
its brands.

The Company believes that maintaining and continually enhancing the value of its brands is
critical to the success of its business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer
perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on the
Company’s ability to provide high quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly
as a result of a number of factors, such as if the Company fails to preserve the quality of
its products, if the Company is perceived to act in an irresponsible manner, if the Company
or its brands

6

Table of Contents

otherwise receive negative publicity, if the brands fail to deliver a
consistently positive consumer experience or if the products become unavailable to consumers.
If the Company’s brand values are diminished, the Company’s revenues and operating results
could be materially adversely affected. In addition, anything that adversely affects the
Pillsbury®, 
Carnation®, 
Borden®, or 
Dunkin’ Donuts® brand could adversely affect the success
of the Company’s exclusive licensing agreements with the owners of these brands.

•

The Company’s proprietary coffee brands, packaging designs, and roasting methods are
essential to the value of the coffee business and the inability to protect these could harm
the value of its brands and adversely affect its sales and profitability.

The success of the coffee business depends significantly on its brands, know-how, and other
intellectual property. The Company relies on a combination of trademarks, service marks,
trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and similar rights to protect its intellectual property.
The success of the Company’s growth strategy depends on its continued ability to use its
existing trademarks and service marks in order to maintain and increase brand awareness and
further develop its brand. If the Company’s efforts to protect its intellectual property are
not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on its intellectual
property, the value of the Company’s brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse
effect on its business. From time to time, the Company is engaged in litigation to protect
its intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs to the Company as well as
diversion of management attention.

Additionally, the Company considers its proprietary roasting methods essential to the
consistent flavor and richness of its coffee products and, therefore, essential to its
brands. Because many of the roasting methods used by the Company are not protected by
patents, it may be difficult for the Company to prevent competitors from copying its roasting
methods if such methods become known. The Company also believes that its packaging
innovations, such as brick packaging technology and its AromaSeal
TM
 canisters, are
important to the coffee business’ marketing and operational efforts. If the Company’s
competitors copy its roasting or packaging methods or develop more advanced roasting or
packaging methods, the value of the 
Folgers® coffee brand may be diminished, and the Company
could lose customers to its competitors.

•

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of the food industry.

The food industry is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination, product
tampering, product recall, and consumer product liability claims. The Company’s operations
could be impacted by both genuine and fictitious claims regarding the Company’s and
competitors’ products. In the event of product contamination or tampering, the Company may
need to recall some of its products. A widespread product recall could result in significant
loss due to the cost of conducting a product recall, including destruction of inventory and
the loss of sales resulting from the unavailability of product for a period of time. The
Company could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against it.
Either a significant product recall or a product liability judgment, involving either the
Company or its competitors, could also result in a loss of consumer confidence in the
Company’s food products or the food category, and an actual or perceived loss of value of the
Company’s brands, materially impacting consumer demand.

Since January 2009, peanut butter and other peanut products manufactured with peanuts sourced
from an unrelated third-party manufacturer, Peanut Corporation of America (“PCA”), facilities
in Georgia and Texas have been the subject of product recalls. While the Company’s Jif®,

Smucker’s®, 
Adams®, 
Laura Scudder’s® and 
Smucker’s Uncrustables® products are not involved in
the PCA recalls, sales of the Company’s peanut butter products have been adversely affected
by the recall during the fourth quarter of 2009. The Company does not expect this recall to
have a long-term impact on the peanut butter business.

7

Table of Contents

•

The Company could be subject to adverse publicity or claims from consumers.

Certain of the Company’s products contain caffeine and other active compounds, the health
effects of which are the subject of increasing public scrutiny, including the suggestion that
consumption of coffee, caffeine and other active compounds may have adverse health effects.
An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in the
Company’s products, product recalls or negative publicity or litigation arising from other
health risks could significantly reduce the demand for the Company’s products.

The Company may also be subject to complaints from or litigation by consumers who allege food
and beverage-related illness, or other quality, health or operational concerns. Adverse
publicity resulting from such allegations could materially adversely affect the Company,
regardless of whether such allegations are true or whether the Company is ultimately held
liable. A lawsuit or claim could result in an adverse decision against the Company, which
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of
operations.

•

Certain of the Company’s products are sourced from single manufacturing sites.

The Company has consolidated its production capacity for certain products into single
manufacturing sites. It is possible the Company could experience a production disruption at
these or any of its manufacturing sites resulting in a reduction or elimination of the
availability of some of the Company’s products. Should the Company not be able to obtain
alternate production capability in a timely manner, a negative impact on the Company’s
operations could result.

•

The Company’s business could be harmed by strikes or work stoppages.

As of April 30, 2009, approximately 34 percent of the Company’s employees, located at 11
facilities, are covered by union contracts. These contracts vary in term depending on
location. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to negotiate these collective
bargaining agreements on the same or more favorable terms as the current agreements, or at
all, without production interruptions caused by labor stoppages. If a strike or work
stoppage were to occur in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining
agreements, or as a result of disputes under collective bargaining agreements with labor
unions, the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

•

If there is a significant interruption in the operation of any of the Company’s
facilities or third-party distribution centers, the Company may not have the capacity to
service its customers in a timely manner, thereby reducing its revenues and earnings.

A significant interruption in the operation of any of the Company’s facilities or third-party
distribution centers, particularly facilities in New Orleans where approximately 80 percent
of the Company’s coffee production capacity is located, whether as a result of a natural
disaster, flu pandemic, or other causes, could significantly impair the Company’s ability to
operate its business. For example, in August 2005, Hurricane Katrina caused catastrophic
damage to the New Orleans area. Following the hurricane, production at the New Orleans
facility was interrupted for approximately two months, resulting in a significant decline in
coffee revenues for the first half of fiscal 2006. A significant interruption in the
operation of one of the Company’s facilities or third-party distribution centers may affect
its ability to service all of its customers, and business may be lost to its competitors,
resulting in a material adverse effect to the Company’s revenues, earnings, and financial
position.

8

Table of Contents

•

The effects of a potential pandemic illness could adversely affect the Company’s businesses.

An outbreak of pandemic illness in a given location could severely interfere with and
substantially disrupt the Company’s supply chain impacting the manufacture and/or shipment of
the Company’s products and could have a material adverse effect on its operations. A
prolonged recurrence of a pandemic illness could also adversely affect the Company’s
customers and cause an immediate and prolonged drop in consumer demand for the Company’s
products. Any of these events could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
results of operations. The general impact, if any, of a pandemic illness on the Company’s
operations, its results of operations and financial condition is highly speculative, cannot
be accurately predicted or quantified, and would depend on numerous factors, including the
rate of contagion, the regions most affected, the effectiveness of treatment for the infected
population and the rates of mortality and morbidity.

•

Impairment in the carrying value of acquired goodwill or other intangible assets could
negatively affect the Company’s consolidated operating results and net worth.

A significant portion of the Company’s assets is goodwill and other intangible assets, the
majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. If
the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current fair value, the asset is considered
impaired and is reduced to fair value resulting in a noncash charge to earnings. Events and
conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of
the Company’s common shares, increased competition or loss of market share, product
innovation or obsolescence, or product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or
profitability over the product life. At April 30, 2009, the carrying value of goodwill and
other intangible assets totaled approximately $5.9 billion, compared to total assets of
approximately $8.2 billion and total shareholders’ equity of approximately $4.9 billion.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted as a result of limited availability
and increases in the price of raw materials, including agricultural commodities and fuel.

The Company utilizes many different commodities and agricultural products in the
manufacturing of its products including green coffee, peanuts, corn sweeteners, edible oils,
sugar, fruit, wheat, milk, and cocoa. In addition, natural gas and fuel oil are necessary
components of the manufacturing process, packaging, and distribution of the Company’s
products. These commodities and agricultural products are subject to price volatility caused
by commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, weather, currency
fluctuations, speculative influences, trade agreements, political unrest, consumer demand,
and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Although the Company utilizes forward
contracts and commodity futures and option contracts to manage commodity prices in some
instances, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in the
Company’s raw material and energy costs. The Company may be limited in its ability to pass
these cost increases on in the form of price increases or may incur a loss in sales volume to
the extent pricing increases are taken.

•

The Company’s efforts to manage commodity and other price volatility through derivative
instruments could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.

The Company uses derivative instruments, including commodity futures and options, to reduce
the price volatility associated with anticipated commodity purchases. The extent of the
Company’s derivative position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the
markets for these commodities. If the Company fails to take a derivative position and prices
subsequently increase, or if it institutes a position and prices subsequently decrease, the
Company’s costs may be greater than anticipated and financial results could be adversely
affected. In addition, the
Company’s liquidity may be adversely impacted by the cash margin requirements of the
commodities exchanges or the failure of a counterparty to perform in accordance with a
contract.

9

Table of Contents

•

Increases in logistics and other transportation-related costs could materially adversely
impact the Company’s results of operations. The Company’s ability to competitively serve
customers depends on the availability of reliable transportation.

Logistics and other transportation-related costs have a significant impact on the Company’s
earnings and results of operations. The Company uses multiple forms of transportation to
bring the Company’s products to market. They include ships, trucks, intermodals, and
railcars. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of
these services for any reason, including availability or cost of fuel, regulations affecting
the industry, labor shortages in the transportation industry, service failures by third-party
service providers, or natural disasters (which may impact the transportation infrastructure
or demand for transportation services), could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability
to serve its customers, and could have a material adverse effect on
financial performance.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted by growth in alternative energy
markets.

The Company competes for certain raw materials, notably corn and soy-based agricultural
products, with the emerging bio-fuels industry. Growth in the bio-fuels industry, which is
typically linked to increases in gasoline and diesel prices, may limit the supply of certain
raw materials available to the Company. Additionally, farm acreage currently devoted to
other agricultural products utilized by the Company may be converted to corn or soy resulting
in higher cost for other agricultural products utilized by the Company.

•

The Company may be unable to maintain or improve its profit margins in the face of a
consolidating retail environment. In addition, the loss of the Company’s largest customer
could negatively impact its sales and profits.

Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries amounted to approximately 24 percent of
the Company’s net sales in 2009. These sales are primarily included in the three U.S. retail
market segments. Trade receivables at April 30, 2009, included amounts due from Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries of approximately $73.2 million. During 2009, the Company’s
top 10 customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 61 percent of consolidated net
sales. The Company expects that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be
derived from a small number of customers. The Company’s customers are generally not
contractually obligated to purchase from the Company. These customers make purchase
decisions based on a combination of price, product quality, consumer demand, customer service
performance, their desired inventory levels, and other factors. Changes in customers’
strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf
space to private label products may adversely affect sales. Additionally, the Company’s
customers may face financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their
purchases from the Company, which could adversely affect results of operations. Customers
also may respond to price increases by reducing distribution, resulting in reduced sales of
the Company’s products. If sales of products to one or more of these customers are reduced,
this reduction may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Bankruptcy or other business disruption of a
significant customer could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

•

The Company uses a single national broker to represent a significant portion of the
Company’s branded products to the retail grocery trade and any failure by the broker to
effectively represent the Company would adversely affect the Company’s business.

The Company uses a single national broker to represent a significant portion of branded
products to the retail grocery trade. The Company’s business would suffer substantial
disruption if this broker were to default in the performance of its obligations to perform
brokerage services or if this broker fails to effectively represent the Company to the retail
grocery trade.

10

Table of Contents

•

Changes in tax, environmental, or other regulations and laws or failure to comply with
existing licensing, trade, and other regulations and laws could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s consolidated financial condition.

The Company’s operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture,
Commerce, and Labor, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission, as well as similar and other authorities of Canada, various state, provincial and
local governments, and voluntary regulatory and trade associations.

The manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of food products are each subject to
governmental regulation that is increasingly extensive, encompassing such matters as
ingredients, advertising, relations with distributors and retailers, health, safety, and the
environment.

Additionally, the Company is routinely subject to new or modified tax and securities
regulations, other laws and regulation, and accounting and reporting standards. The
Company’s failure or inability to comply with these requirements could subject the Company to
civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as potential
criminal sanctions.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plan factors or regulations.

The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering certain of its U.S. and Canadian
employees. In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, the Company sponsors several
unfunded, defined postretirement plans. The Company’s obligations and expense associated
with these plans are recorded in the Company’s financial statements based on assumptions
related to inflation, investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate of compensation
increases, medical costs, and discount rates. Changes in any of these assumptions, as well
as changes in regulations governing these plans, can cause volatility in recorded assets,
liabilities, expenses, and future funding requirements.

•

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially increase the
Company’s pension costs and required pension contributions.

The Company sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans and various other nonqualified
postretirement plans. The qualified defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust
assets invested in a diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities and other
investments. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, investment returns and the
market value of plan assets can (i) affect the level of plan funding; (ii) cause volatility
in the net periodic pension cost; and (iii) increase the Company’s future contribution
requirements. A significant decrease in investment returns or the market value of plan assets
or a significant decrease in interest rates could increase the Company’s net periodic pension
costs and adversely affect its results of operations. A significant increase in the
Company’s contribution requirements with respect to qualified defined benefit pension plans
could have an adverse impact on its cash flow.

•

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks associated with acquisitions.

The Company’s stated long-term strategy is to own and market leading North American food
brands sold in the center of the store. The Company has historically made strategic
acquisitions of brands and businesses and intends to do so in the future in support of this
strategy. The success of past and future acquisitions is dependent on the Company’s ability
to successfully integrate acquired and existing operations. If the Company is unable to
integrate acquisitions successfully, its financial results could suffer. Additional
potential risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from
other business concerns, additional
debt leverage, the loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business, the
assumption of unknown liabilities, disputes with sellers, and the inherent risk associated
with the Company entering a line of business in which it has no prior experience.

11

Table of Contents

•

The anticipated benefits from the Folgers transaction may not be realized.

The Company may not realize the full benefits of the increased sales volume and other
benefits that are currently expected to result from the Folgers transaction, or realize
these benefits within the time frame that is currently expected. For example, the
elimination of duplicative costs may not be possible or may take longer than anticipated. In
addition, the benefits of the Folgers transaction may be offset by operating losses relating
to changes in commodity or energy prices, increased competition, or by other risks and
uncertainties. If the Company fails to realize the benefits it anticipates from the Folgers
transaction, the Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected.

•

Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect the Company’s ability to
access capital in the future.

The Company may need new or additional financing in the future to conduct its operations,
expand its business or refinance existing indebtedness. Recent disruptions in global
financial markets and banking systems have made credit and capital markets more difficult for
companies to access, even for some companies with established revolving or other credit
facilities. Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial
markets in the United States or globally could affect adversely the Company’s ability to
raise capital on favorable terms or at all. From time to time the Company has relied, and
also may rely in the future, on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity for
working capital requirements, acquisitions and general corporate purposes. The Company’s
access to funds under its revolving credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the
financial institutions that are parties to those facilities to meet their funding
commitments. The obligations of the financial institutions under the Company’s revolving
credit facilities are several and not joint and, as a result, a funding default by one or
more institutions does not need to be made up by the others. Longer term volatility and
continued disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing
or increased regulation of financial institutions, reduced alternatives or failure of
significant financial institutions could affect adversely the Company’s access to the
liquidity needed for its businesses in the longer term. Such disruptions could require the
Company to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative
credit arrangements or other funding for its business needs can be arranged. The disruptions
in the capital and credit markets also have resulted in higher interest rates on publicly
issued debt securities and increased costs under credit facilities. Continuation of these
disruptions would increase the Company’s interest expense and capital costs and could affect
adversely its results of operations and financial position.