.

     The Company’s business, operations, and financial condition are subject to various risks
and uncertainties. The risk factors described below should be carefully considered, together with
the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Report and in the Company’s
other filings with the SEC, in connection with evaluating the Company, its business and the
forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems immaterial also may affect the
Company. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations.

•

The Company operates in the competitive food industry and relies on continued demand for
the Company’s products.

The Company faces competition across its product lines from other food companies with the
primary methods and factors in competition being product quality, price, packaging, new
product introductions, nutritional value, convenience, customer service, advertising, and
promotion. In order to generate future revenues and profits, the Company must continue to
sell products that appeal to its customers and consumers. Specifically, there are a number
of trends in consumer preferences that may impact the Company and the food industry as a
whole including convenience, taste, consumer dietary trends, and obesity, health, and
nutritional concerns.

In particular, consumers, public health officials, and government officials are becoming
increasingly concerned about the public health consequences associated with weight
management, particularly among young people. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the
health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and
acceptance of some of the Company’s products and marketing programs. Although the Company
strives to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, it may not be successful
in these efforts. Increasing public concern regarding health issues and failure to satisfy
consumer preferences could decrease demand for certain of the Company’s products and
adversely affect the Company’s profitability.

6

Table of Contents

Continued success is dependent on product innovation, the ability to secure and maintain
adequate retail shelf space, and effective trade merchandising, advertising, and marketing
programs. Some of the Company’s competitors have substantial financial, marketing, and other
resources, and competition with them in the Company’s various markets and product lines could
cause the Company to reduce prices, increase marketing or other expenditures, or lose
category share. Category share and growth could be adversely impacted if the Company is not
successful in introducing new products.

•

The success of the Company’s business depends substantially on consumer perceptions of
its brands.

The Company believes that maintaining and continually enhancing the value of its brands is
critical to the success of its business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer
perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on the
Company’s ability to provide high quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly
as a result of a number of factors, such as if the Company fails to preserve the quality of
its products, if the Company is perceived to act in an irresponsible manner, if the Company
or its brands otherwise receive negative publicity, if the brands fail to deliver a
consistently positive consumer experience, or if the products become unavailable to
consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and
extent that information and opinions can be shared. If the Company’s brand values are
diminished, the Company’s revenues and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, anything that harms the Pillsbury, 
Carnation, 
Borden, or 
Dunkin’
Donuts brands could adversely affect the success of the Company’s exclusive licensing
agreements with the owners of these brands.

•

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of the food industry.

The food industry is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination, product
tampering, product recall, and consumer product liability claims. The Company’s operations
could be impacted by both genuine and fictitious claims regarding the Company’s and its
competitors’ products. In the event of product contamination or tampering, the Company may
need to recall some of its products. A widespread product recall could result in significant
loss due to the cost of conducting a product recall, including destruction of inventory and
the loss of sales resulting from the unavailability of product for a period of time. The
Company could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against it. A
significant product recall or a product liability judgment, involving either the Company or
its competitors, could also result in a loss of consumer confidence in the Company’s food
products or the food category, and an actual or perceived loss of value of the Company’s
brands, materially impacting consumer demand.

•

The Company could be subject to adverse publicity or claims from consumers.

Certain of the Company’s products contain caffeine and other ingredients, the health effects
of which are the subject of increasing public scrutiny, including the suggestion that
consumption may have adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of
caffeine or other ingredients present in the Company’s products, product recalls or negative
publicity or litigation arising from other health risks could significantly reduce the demand
for the Company’s products.

The Company may also be subject to complaints from or litigation by consumers who allege food
and beverage-related illness, or other quality, health or operational concerns. Adverse
publicity resulting from such allegations could materially adversely affect the Company,
regardless of whether such allegations are true or whether the Company is ultimately held
liable. A lawsuit or claim could result in an adverse decision against the Company, which
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

7

Table of Contents

•

The Company may be unable to grow market share of its products.

The Company operates in the competitive food industry whose growth potential is generally
correlated to population growth. The Company’s success depends in part on its ability to
grow its brands faster than the population in general. The Company considers its ability to
build and sustain the equity of its brands critical to its market share growth. If the
Company does not succeed in these efforts, its market share growth may slow, which could have
a material impact on its results of operations.

•

The Company’s proprietary brands, packaging designs, and manufacturing methods are
essential to the value of its business and the inability to protect these could harm the
value of its brands and adversely affect the Company’s sales and profitability.

The success of the Company’s business depends significantly on its brands, know-how, and
other intellectual property. The Company relies on a combination of trademarks, service
marks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and similar rights to protect its intellectual
property. The success of the Company’s growth strategy depends on its continued ability to
use its existing trademarks and service marks in order to maintain and increase brand
awareness and further develop its brand. If the Company’s efforts to protect its intellectual
property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on its
intellectual property, the value of the Company’s brand may be harmed, which could have a
material adverse effect on its business. From time to time, the Company is engaged in
litigation to protect its intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs to
the Company as well as diversion of management attention.

In particular, the Company considers its proprietary coffee roasting methods essential to the
consistent flavor and richness of its coffee products and, therefore, essential to its coffee
brands. Because many of the roasting methods used by the Company are not protected by
patents, it may be difficult for the Company to prevent competitors from copying its roasting
methods if such methods become known. The Company also believes that its packaging
innovations, such as brick packaging technology and its AromaSeal
TM
 canisters, are
important to the coffee business’ marketing and operational efforts. If the Company’s
competitors copy its roasting or packaging methods or develop more advanced roasting or
packaging methods, the value of the Company’s coffee brands may be diminished, and the
Company could lose customers to its competitors.

•

The Company uses a single national broker to represent a significant portion of the
Company’s branded products to the retail grocery trade and any failure by the broker to
effectively represent the Company would adversely affect the Company’s business.

The Company uses a single national broker to represent a significant portion of branded
products to the retail grocery trade. The Company’s business would suffer substantial
disruption if this broker were to default in the performance of its obligations to perform
brokerage services or if this broker fails to effectively represent the Company to the retail
grocery trade.

•

The Company may be unable to maintain or improve its profit margins in the concentrated
retail environment. In addition, the loss of the Company’s largest customer could
negatively impact its sales and profits.

Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries amounted to approximately 26 percent of
the Company’s net sales in 2011. These sales are primarily included in the three U.S. retail
market segments. Trade receivables at April 30, 2011, included amounts due from Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries of approximately $87.6 million. During 2011, the Company’s
top 10 customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 55 percent of consolidated net
sales. The Company expects that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be
derived from a small number of customers. The Company’s customers are generally not
contractually obligated to purchase from the Company. These customers make purchase
decisions based on a combination of price, product quality, consumer demand, customer service performance, their

8

Table of Contents

desired inventory levels, and other factors. Changes in customers’ strategies, including a
reduction in the number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf space to private label
products, may adversely affect sales. Additionally, the Company’s customers may face
financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their purchases from the
Company, which could adversely affect results of operations. Customers also may respond to
price increases by reducing distribution, resulting in reduced sales of the Company’s
products. If sales of products to one or more of these customers are reduced, this reduction
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Bankruptcy or other business disruption of a significant customer
could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

•

Loss or interruption of supply from single-source suppliers of raw materials and
finished goods could have a disruptive effect on the Company’s business and adversely
affect its results of operations.

The Company has elected to source certain raw materials, such as packaging for its most
popular Folgers® coffee products, as well as its 
Jif® peanut butter and 
Crisco® oil products,
and finished goods from single sources of supply. While the Company believes that alternative
sources of these raw materials and finished goods could be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms, loss or an extended interruption in supplies from a single-source supplier
would result in additional costs, could have a disruptive short-term effect on the Company’s
business, and could adversely affect its results of operations.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted as a result of increased cost,
limited availability and/or insufficient quality of raw materials, including commodities
and agricultural products.

The Company and its business partners purchase and use large quantities of many different
commodities and agricultural products in the manufacturing of the Company’s products
including green coffee, peanuts, corn sweeteners, edible oils, sugar, fruit, wheat, milk, and
cocoa. In addition, the Company and its business partners utilize significant quantities of
plastic, glass, and cardboard to package the Company’s products and natural gas and fuel oil
to manufacture, package, and distribute the Company’s products. These commodities,
agricultural products, and other materials are subject to price volatility and can fluctuate
due to conditions that are difficult to predict, including global supply and demand,
commodity market fluctuations, crop sizes and yield fluctuations, weather, currency
fluctuations, speculative influences, trade agreements, political unrest, consumer demand,
and changes in governmental agricultural programs. For example, in late fiscal 2011, costs
to acquire peanuts increased, in part, due to adverse weather conditions. Although the
Company utilizes forward contracts and commodity futures and option contracts to manage
commodity price volatility in some instances, commodity price increases ultimately result in
corresponding increases in the Company’s raw material and energy costs.

In particular, the price of green coffee has recently been subject to significant volatility
and, in fiscal 2011, green coffee commodity prices increased significantly. In mid-March
2011, green coffee commodity prices reached a 34-year high at a level approximately 50
percent higher than they were eight months earlier and over 100 percent higher than they were
a year earlier. The Company expects the green coffee commodity market to continue to be
challenging as the market continues to be influenced by worldwide demand, the weakness of the
dollar, speculative trading, and weather and as producers in Brazil-the world’s largest
coffee producing country-enter a cyclically low production year in its biennial crop cycle.
Due to the significance of green coffee to the Company’s coffee business, combined with the
Company’s ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices
and hedging activities, significant increases or decreases in the cost of green coffee could
have an adverse impact on the Company’s profitability.

9

Table of Contents

•

The Company may be limited in its ability to pass cost increases on to its customers in
the form of price increases or may realize a decrease in sales volume to the extent price
increases are implemented.

The Company may not be able to pass some or all of any increases in the price of raw
materials, energy, and other input costs to its customers by raising prices. To the extent
competitors do not also increase their prices, customers and consumers may choose to purchase
competing products or may shift purchases to lower-priced private label or other value
offerings which may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

Consumers may be less willing or able to pay a price differential for the Company’s branded
products, and may increasingly purchase more lower-priced offerings and may forego some
purchases altogether, especially during economic downturns. Retailers may also increase
levels of promotional activity for lower-priced or value offerings as they seek to maintain
sales volumes during times of economic uncertainty. Accordingly, sales volumes of the
Company’s branded products could be reduced or lead to a shift in sales mix toward its lower
margin offerings. As a result, decreased demand for the Company’s products may adversely affect its results of
operations.

•

The Company’s efforts to manage commodity and other price volatility through derivative
instruments could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.

The Company uses derivative instruments, including commodity futures and options, to reduce
the price volatility associated with anticipated commodity purchases. The extent of the
Company’s derivative position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the
markets for these commodities. If the Company fails to take a derivative position and costs
subsequently increase, or if it institutes a position and costs subsequently decrease, the
Company’s costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than its competitors’ costs and
financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, the Company’s liquidity may be
adversely impacted by the cash margin requirements of the commodities exchanges or the
failure of a counterparty to perform in accordance with a contract.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted by growth in alternative energy
markets.

The Company competes for certain raw materials, notably corn and soy-based agricultural
products, with the emerging bio-fuels industry. Growth in the bio-fuels industry, which is
typically linked to increases in gasoline and diesel prices, may limit the supply of certain
raw materials available to the Company. Additionally, farm acreage currently devoted to
other agricultural products utilized by the Company may be converted to corn or soy resulting
in higher cost for other agricultural products utilized by the Company.

•

Certain of the Company’s products are sourced from single manufacturing sites.

The Company has consolidated its production capacity for certain products into single
manufacturing sites. In addition, the Company is proceeding with plans to further
consolidate its coffee, fruit spreads, syrups, and topping production as part of its current
restructuring project. The Company could experience a production disruption at these or any
of its manufacturing sites resulting in a reduction or elimination of the availability of
some of the Company’s products. If the Company is not able to obtain alternate production
capability in a timely manner, a negative impact on the Company’s operations could result.

10

Table of Contents

•

If there is a significant interruption in the operation of any of the Company’s
facilities, third-party distribution centers, or supplier’s facilities, the Company may not
have the capacity to service its customers in a timely manner, thereby reducing its
revenues and earnings.

A significant interruption in the operation of any of the Company’s facilities, third-party
distribution centers, or supplier’s facilities, whether as a result of a natural disaster,
flu pandemic, or other causes, could significantly impair the Company’s ability to operate
its business. Notably, after completion of the Company’s current restructuring project,
substantially all of the Company’s coffee production will be in New Orleans which is subject
to risks associated with hurricane and other weather-related events. Following Hurricane
Katrina in August 2005, production at the New Orleans facility was interrupted for
approximately two months, resulting in a significant decline in coffee revenues for several
months. A similar significant interruption in the operation of one of the Company’s
facilities, third-party distribution centers, or supplier’s facilities may affect its ability
to service all of its customers, and business may be lost to its competitors, resulting in a
material adverse effect to the Company’s revenues, earnings, and financial position.

•

The Company’s business could be harmed by strikes or work stoppages.

As of April 30, 2011, approximately 32 percent of the Company’s employees, located at 10
facilities, are covered by collective bargaining agreements. These contracts vary in term
depending on location. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to renew these
collective bargaining agreements on the same or more favorable terms as the current
agreements, or at all, without production interruptions caused by labor stoppages. If a
strike or work stoppage were to occur in connection with negotiations of new collective
bargaining agreements, or as a result of disputes under collective bargaining agreements with
labor unions, the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

•

Increases in logistics and other transportation-related costs could adversely impact the
Company’s results of operations. The Company’s ability to competitively serve customers
depends on the availability of reliable transportation.

Logistics and other transportation-related costs have a significant impact on the Company’s
earnings and results of operations. The Company uses multiple forms of transportation to
bring the Company’s products to market. They include ships, trucks, intermodals, and
railcars. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of
these services for any reason, including availability or cost of fuel, regulations affecting
the industry, labor shortages in the transportation industry, service failures by third-party
service providers, accidents or natural disasters (which may impact the transportation
infrastructure or demand for transportation services), could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s ability to serve its customers, and could have a material adverse effect on
financial performance.

•

The Company may not achieve cost savings anticipated as a result of its restructuring
initiatives.

The Company has periodically commenced restructuring initiatives with the expectation of
realizing future benefits including operational efficiencies or cost savings. The future
benefits the Company expects from restructuring initiatives may not be realized during the
time period expected, or at all, due to unforeseen or changing business conditions. In
addition, costs incurred to realize the future benefits may be higher than anticipated and
the Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected.

•

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks associated with acquisitions.

The Company’s stated long-term strategy is to own and market leading North American food
brands sold in the center of the store. The Company has historically made strategic
acquisitions of brands and businesses and intends to do so in the future in support of this strategy. The

11

Table of Contents

success of past and future acquisitions depends on the Company’s ability to successfully
integrate acquired and existing operations. If the Company is unable to integrate
acquisitions successfully, its financial results could suffer. Additional potential risks
associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business
concerns, additional debt leverage, the loss of key employees and customers of the acquired
business, the assumption of unknown liabilities, disputes with sellers, and the inherent risk
associated with the Company entering a line of business in which it has no or limited prior
experience.

•

A material impairment in the carrying value of acquired goodwill or other
intangible assets could negatively affect the Company’s consolidated operating results and
net worth.

A significant portion of the Company’s assets is goodwill and other intangible assets, the
majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. If
the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current estimated fair value, the asset is
considered impaired and could result in a noncash charge to earnings. Events and conditions
that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of the Company’s
common shares, increased competition or loss of market share, product innovation or
obsolescence, or product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability
over the product life. At April 30, 2011, the carrying value of goodwill and other
intangible assets totaled approximately $5.8 billion, compared to total assets of
approximately $8.3 billion and total shareholders’ equity of approximately $5.3 billion.

The results of the U.S. Retail Oils and Baking Market segment have been impacted by a highly
competitive and promotional environment over the last fiscal year. Should competitive
pressure in these categories be sustained, long-term assumptions relative to growth rates and
profitability of certain brands within the segment may not be attained which could result in
a material impairment. As of April 30, 2011, approximately 16 percent of the Company’s total
goodwill and 11 percent of the Company’s total other intangible assets are assigned to the
U.S. Retail Oils and Baking Market segment.

•

The results of the Company may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plan factors or regulations.

The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering certain of its U.S. and Canadian
employees. In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, the Company sponsors several
unfunded, defined postretirement plans. The Company’s obligations and expense associated
with these plans are recorded in the Company’s financial statements based on assumptions
related to inflation, investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate of compensation
increases, medical costs, and discount rates. Changes in regulations governing these plans,
changes in plan assumptions, and differences between assumed and actual investment returns
and interest rates can cause volatility in recorded assets, liabilities, expenses, and future
funding requirements.

•

The effects of a potential pandemic illness could adversely affect the Company’s
businesses.

An outbreak of pandemic illness in a given location could severely interfere with and
substantially disrupt the Company’s supply chain impacting the manufacture and/or shipment of
the Company’s products, which could have a material adverse effect on its operations. A
prolonged recurrence of a pandemic illness could also adversely affect the Company’s
customers and cause an immediate and prolonged drop in consumer demand for the Company’s
products. Any of these events could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
results of operations. The general impact, if any, of a pandemic illness on the Company’s
operations, its results of operations and financial condition is highly speculative, cannot
be accurately predicted or quantified, and would depend on numerous factors, including the
rate of contagion, the regions most affected, the effectiveness of treatment for the infected
population and the rates of mortality and morbidity.

12

Table of Contents

•

Changes in tax, environmental, or other regulations and laws, or their application, or
failure to comply with existing licensing, trade, and other regulations and laws could have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition.

The Company’s operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture,
Commerce, and Labor, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service, as well as similar and other authorities of Canada, various state, provincial and
local governments, and voluntary regulatory and trade associations.

The manufacturing, marketing, packaging, labeling, and distribution of food products are each
subject to governmental regulation that is increasingly extensive, encompassing such matters
as ingredients, advertising, relations with distributors and retailers, health, safety, and
the environment. Additionally, the Company is routinely subject to new or modified tax and
securities regulations, other laws and regulation, and accounting and reporting standards.

In the U.S., the Company is required to comply with federal laws, such as the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, laws governing equal employment opportunity, and
various other federal statutes and regulations. The Company is also subject to various state
and local statutes and regulations. For instance, the California Safe Drinking Water and
Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (commonly referred to as “Proposition 65”) requires that a
specific warning appear on any product sold in the State of California that contains a
substance listed by that state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This
law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings
on their products. The detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an
affected product to the requirement of a warning label. Products containing listed
substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a
municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. If the Company is
required to add warning labels to any of its products or place warnings in certain locations
where its products are sold as a result of Proposition 65, sales of those products could
suffer not only in those locations but elsewhere.

Complying with new regulations and laws, or changes to existing regulations and laws, or
their application could increase the Company’s production costs or adversely affect the
Company’s sales of certain products. In addition, the Company’s failure or inability to
comply with applicable regulations and laws could subject the Company to civil remedies,
including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and financial condition.

•

Changes in climate or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may
negatively affect the Company’s business and operations.

While scientific consensus on the existence, potential causes, or likely outcomes of global
climate change has not yet been reached, researchers continue to aggressively explore this
issue. However, there already exists significant political and scientific concern that emissions of
carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases may alter the composition of the global atmosphere
in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue affecting the global climate. The
emission of such greenhouse gases may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather
patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the
event that climate change may have a negative effect on agricultural productivity, the
Company may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain
commodities that are necessary for its products, such as green coffee, peanuts, corn
sweeteners, edible oils, sugar, wheat, milk, cocoa, and various fruits and vegetables. The
Company may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water
as a result of such change, which could impact its manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition, natural disasters and extreme
weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of facilities or the operation of the
Company’s supply chain.

13

Table of Contents

Increasing concern over climate change also may result in more regulatory requirements
related to greenhouse gases. Many states have announced or adopted programs to stabilize and
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and federal legislation has been proposed in Congress. It
is possible that federal legislation limiting greenhouse gas emissions may be imposed in the
U.S. in the future. In the event that regulations are enacted and are more rigorous than
existing regulations, the Company may experience significant increases in costs of operation
and delivery. In particular, increased regulation of utility providers, fuel emissions, or
suppliers could substantially increase the Company’s operating, distribution, or supply chain
costs. The Company could also face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal
claims and other litigation related to climate change. As a result, climate change could
negatively affect the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, or financial position.

•

If the Company’s information technology systems fail to perform adequately or the
Company is unable to protect such information technology systems against data corruption,
cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, the Company’s operations could be
disrupted.

The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to
process, transmit and store electronic information. In particular, the Company depends on
its information technology infrastructure to effectively manage its business data, supply
chain, logistics, accounting and other business processes and for digital marketing
activities and electronic communications between Company personnel and its customers and
suppliers. If the Company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to
build and sustain an appropriate technology infrastructure, the Company’s business or
financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, security breaches or system
failures of this infrastructure can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information. If the Company is unable to prevent such breaches or
failures, its operations could be disrupted, or it may suffer financial damage or loss
because of lost or misappropriated information.

In addition, the Company has outsourced certain information technology support services and
administrative functions, such as accounts payable processing and benefit plan
administration, to third-party service providers, and may outsource other functions in the
future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers that the Company
outsources these functions to do not perform effectively, the Company may not be able to
achieve the expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs in connection with
such failure to perform. Depending on the function involved, such failures may also lead to
business disruption, processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual
property through security breach, the loss of sensitive data through security breach or
otherwise.

•

Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect the Company’s ability to
access capital in the future.

The Company may need new or additional financing in the future to conduct its operations,
expand its business or refinance existing indebtedness. Disruptions in global financial
markets and banking systems may make credit and capital markets more difficult for companies
to access, even for some companies with established revolving or other credit facilities.
Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the
U.S. or globally could adversely affect the Company’s ability to raise capital on favorable
terms or at all. From time to time, the Company has relied, and also may rely in the future,
on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity for working capital requirements,
acquisitions, and general corporate purposes. The Company’s access to funds under its
revolving credit facility is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are
parties to that facility to meet their funding commitments. The obligations of the financial
institutions under the Company’s revolving credit facility are several and not joint and, as a result, a funding default by one or more institutions does not need to be
made up by the others. Long-term volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit
markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation of financial
institutions, reduced alternatives, or

14

Table of Contents

failure of significant financial institutions could
adversely affect the Company’s access to the liquidity needed for its businesses in the
longer term. Such disruptions could require the Company to take measures to conserve cash
until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for its
business needs can be arranged. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could result in
higher interest rates on publicly issued debt securities and increased costs under credit
facilities. Continuation of these disruptions would increase the Company’s interest expense
and capital costs and could adversely affect its results of operations and financial
position.