.

 The following discussion of risk factors contains
 “forward-looking statements,” which are discussed
 immediately following Item 7A. of this
 Form 10-K.
 These risk factors may be important to understanding any
 statement in this

Form 10-K
 or elsewhere. The following information should be read in
 conjunction with Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and
 the consolidated financial statements and related notes included
 in this

Form 10-K.

 We urge you to consider carefully the risks described below,
 as well as in other reports and materials that we file with the
 SEC and the other information included or incorporated by
 reference in
 Form 10-K.
 If any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this

Form 10-K
 were to materialize, our business, financial condition, results
 of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially
 adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our
 common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of
 your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
 currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
 also materially adversely affect our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Demand
 for the majority of our services is substantially dependent on
 the levels of expenditures by the oil and gas industry. A
 substantial or an extended decline in oil and gas prices could
 result in lower expenditures by the oil and gas industry, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Demand for the majority of our services depends substantially on
 the level of expenditures by the oil and gas industry for the
 exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas
 reserves. These expenditures are generally dependent on the
 industry’s view of future oil and natural gas prices and
 are sensitive to the industry’s view of future economic
 growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural
 gas. Declines, as well as anticipated declines, in oil and gas
 prices could also result in project modifications, delays or
 cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in, or
 nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. These effects could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 cash flows.

 The prices for oil and natural gas have historically been
 volatile and may be affected by a variety of factors, including:

 • 

 demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by worldwide
 population growth, economic growth rates and general economic
 and business conditions;

 • 

 the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
 (“OPEC”) to set and maintain production levels for oil;

 • 

 oil and gas production by non-OPEC countries;

 • 

 the level of excess production capacity;

 • 

 political and economic uncertainty and sociopolitical unrest;

 • 

 the level of worldwide oil and gas exploration and production
 activity;

 • 

 the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas;

 • 

 technological advances affecting energy consumption; and

 • 

 weather conditions.

 The oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic
 downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand
 for oilfield services and downward pressure on the prices we
 charge. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry could
 result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could
 adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows.

7

Table of Contents

 Part I, Item 1A

 A
 significant portion of our revenue is derived from our
 non-United
 States operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing
 business in each of the approximately 80 countries in which we
 operate.

 Our
 non-United
 States operations accounted for approximately 76% of our
 consolidated revenue in 2010, 84% in 2009 and 78% in 2008.
 Operations in countries other than the United States are subject
 to various risks, including:

 • 

 unsettled political and economic conditions in certain areas;

 • 

 exposure to possible expropriation of our assets or other
 governmental actions;

 • 

 social unrest, acts of terrorism, war or other armed conflict;

 • 

 confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies;

 • 

 deprivation of contract rights;

 • 

 trade restrictions or embargoes imposed by the United States or
 other countries;

 • 

 restrictions under the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act or similar legislation in other countries;

 • 

 restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital;

 • 

 currency exchange controls;

 • 

 inflation; and

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations.

 In addition, we are subject to risks associated with our
 operations in countries, including Iran, Syria, Sudan and Cuba,
 that are subject to trade and economic sanctions or other
 restrictions imposed by the United States or other governments
 or organizations. United States law enforcement authorities are
 currently conducting a grand jury investigation and an
 associated regulatory inquiry related to our operations in
 certain of these countries. Additionally, in 2009 prior to its
 merger with Schlumberger, Smith received an administrative
 subpoena with respect to its historical business practices in
 certain countries that are subject to United States trade and
 economic sanctions. If any of the risks described above
 materialize, or if any governmental investigation results in
 criminal or civil penalties or other remedial measures, it could
 reduce our earnings and our cash available for operations.

 We are also subject to risks related to investment in our common
 stock in connection with certain US state divestment or
 investment limitation legislation applicable to companies with
 operations in these countries, and similar actions by some
 private investors, which could adversely affect the market price
 of our common stock.

 Our
 merger with Smith will continue to be dilutive to our earnings
 per share in the near term, which may negatively affect the
 market price of our common stock.

 Our merger with Smith will continue to be dilutive to earnings
 per share in the near term. Future events and conditions could
 decrease or delay any accretion, result in dilution or cause
 greater dilution than is currently expected, including adverse
 changes in:

 • 

 energy market conditions;

 • 

 commodity prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids;

 • 

 production levels;

 • 

 reserve levels;

 • 

 operating results;

 • 

 competitive conditions;

 • 

 laws and regulations affecting the energy business;

 • 

 capital expenditure obligations; and

 • 

 general economic conditions.

8

Table of Contents

 Part I, Item 1A

 Any dilution of, or decrease or delay of any accretion to, our
 earnings per share could cause the price of our common stock to
 decline.

 Our
 offshore oil and gas operations could be adversely impacted by
 the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig accident and resulting oil
 spill; changes in and compliance with restrictions or
 regulations on offshore drilling in the US Gulf of Mexico and in
 other areas around the world may adversely affect our business
 and operating results.

 On April 20, 2010, a fire and explosion occurred onboard
 the semisubmersible drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, owned
 by Transocean Ltd. and under contract to a subsidiary of BP plc.
 As a result of the incident and related oil spill, the Secretary
 of the US Department of the Interior directed the Bureau of
 Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement
 (“BOEMRE”) to issue a suspension, until
 November 30, 2010, of drilling activities for specified
 drilling configurations and technologies. Although this
 moratorium was lifted on October 12, 2010, effective
 immediately, we cannot predict with certainty when drilling
 operations will fully resume in the US Gulf of Mexico. The
 BOEMRE has also issued new guidelines and regulations regarding
 safety, environmental matters, drilling equipment and
 decommissioning applicable to drilling in the US Gulf of Mexico,
 and may take other additional steps that could increase the
 costs of exploration and production, reduce the area of
 operations and result in permitting delays.

 At this time, we cannot predict with any certainty what further
 impact, if any, the Deepwater Horizon incident may have
 on the regulation of offshore oil and gas exploration and
 development activity, or on the cost or availability of
 insurance coverage to cover the risks of such operations.
 Ongoing effects of and delays from the lifted suspension of
 drilling activity in the US Gulf of Mexico, or the enactment of
 new or stricter regulations in the United States and other
 countries where we operate, could materially adversely affect
 our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

 Environmental
 compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and
 cash available for operations.

 We are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations
 relating to importation and use of hazardous materials,
 radioactive materials and explosives, environmental protection,
 including laws and regulations governing air emissions, water
 discharges and waste management. We incur, and expect to
 continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with
 environmental laws and regulations. The technical requirements
 of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex,
 stringent and expensive to implement. These laws may provide for
 “strict liability” for damages to natural resources or
 threats to public health and safety. Strict liability can render
 a party liable for damages without regard to negligence or fault
 on the part of the party. Some environmental laws provide for
 joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and
 releases of hazardous substances.

 We use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in our
 operations. In addition, many of our current and former