Declines in the demand for office space in New York City, and in particular midtown Manhattan, as well as our Suburban markets, including Westchester County, Connecticut, New Jersey and Long Island, could adversely affect the value of our real estate portfolio and our results of operations and, consequently, our ability to service current debt and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

The majority of our property holdings are comprised of commercial office properties located in midtown Manhattan. Our property holdings also include a number of retail properties and multifamily residential properties. As a result, our business is dependent on the condition of the New York City economy in general and the market for office space in midtown Manhattan in particular. Future weakness and uncertainty in the New York City economy could materially reduce the value of our real estate portfolio and our rental revenues, and thus adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service current debt and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders. Similarly, future weakness and uncertainty in our suburban markets could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service current debt and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

We believe that job creation in the financial and professional services industries in New York City impacts our overall financial performance.  Both new leasing activity and overall asking rents could be negatively impacted by declining rates of job creation in the current or future periods.

We may be unable to renew leases or relet space as leases expire.

If tenants decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even if tenants do renew or we can relet the space, the terms of a renewal or new lease, taking into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the property and leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the terms in the expired leases. As of 
December 31, 2016
, approximately 
8.3 million
 and approximately 
1.6 million
 square feet, representing approximately 
43.5%
 and approximately 
23.7%
 of the rentable square feet, are scheduled to expire by December 31, 
2021
 at our consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture properties, respectively, and as of 
December 31, 2016
, these leases had annualized escalated rent totaling 
$496.4 million
 and 
$110.0 million
, respectively. We also have leases with termination options beyond 
2021
. In addition, changes in space utilization by tenants may impact our ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of the relevant property. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the space at similar rates or if we incur substantial costs in renewing or reletting the space, our cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions to security holders could be adversely affected.

We face significant competition for tenants.

The leasing of real estate is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors are rent, location, services provided and the nature and condition of the property to be leased. We directly compete with all owners, developers and operators of similar space in the areas in which our properties are located.

Our commercial office properties are concentrated in highly developed areas of midtown Manhattan and certain Suburban central business districts, or CBDs. Manhattan is the largest office market in the United States. The number of competitive office properties in Manhattan and CBDs in which our Suburban properties are located, which may be newer or better located than our properties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease office space at our properties, and on the effective rents we are able to charge.

The expiration of long term leases or operating sublease interests where we do not own a fee interest in the land could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our interests in 420 Lexington Avenue, 461 Fifth Avenue, 711 Third Avenue, 625 Madison Avenue, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 1080 Amsterdam Avenue, and 30 East 40th Street, all in Manhattan, and 1055 Washington Avenue, Stamford, Connecticut, are entirely or partially comprised of either long-term leasehold or operating sublease interests in the land and the improvements, rather than by ownership of fee interest in the land.

We have the ability to acquire the fee position at 461 Fifth Avenue for a fixed price on a specific date. The average remaining term of these long-term leases as of 
December 31, 2016
, including our unilateral extension rights on each of the properties, is 
51
 years. Pursuant to the leasehold arrangements, we, as tenant under the operating sublease, perform the functions traditionally performed by landlords with respect to our subtenants. We are responsible for not only collecting rent from our subtenants, but also maintaining the property and paying expenses relating to the property. Our share of annualized cash rents of the commercial office properties held through long-term leases or operating sublease interests at 
December 31, 2016
 totaled 
$289.0 million
, or 
21.8%
, of our share of total Portfolio annualized cash rent. Unless we purchase a fee interest in the underlying land or extend the terms of these leases prior to expiration, we will lose our right to operate these properties upon expiration of the leases, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Rent payments under leasehold or operating sublease interests are adjusted, within the parameters of the contractual arrangements, at certain intervals. Rent adjustments may result in higher rents that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation.

11

Table of Contents

Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions in general and the commercial office markets in the New York Metropolitan area in particular could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and, consequently, our ability to service debt obligations and to pay dividends

and distributions to security holders.

Our business may be affected by volatility in the financial and credit markets and other market, economic, or political challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or the real estate industry as a whole, including changes in law and policy accompanying the new administration and uncertainty in connection with any such changes. Future periods of economic weakness could result in reduced access to credit and/or wider credit spreads. Economic or political uncertainty, including concern about growth and the stability of the markets generally, may lead many lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some cases, cease to provide funding to borrowers, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of our tenants. Our business may also be adversely affected by local economic conditions, as substantially all of our revenues are derived from our properties located in the New York Metropolitan area, particularly in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Because our portfolio consists primarily of commercial office buildings, located principally in midtown Manhattan, as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio, if economic conditions deteriorate, then our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service current debt and to pay dividends to our stockholders may be adversely affected. Specifically, our business may be affected by the following conditions:

•

significant job losses or declining rates of job creation which may decrease demand for our office space, causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted;

•

our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable may be limited, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reducing our returns from both our existing operations and our acquisition and development activities and increasing our future interest expense; and

•

reduced values of our properties, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans.

We rely on five large properties for a significant portion of our revenue.

Five of our properties, 1515 Broadway, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 11 Madison Avenue, 420 Lexington Avenue, and 1 Madison Avenue accounted for 
33.3%
 of our Portfolio annualized cash rent, which includes our share of joint venture annualized cash rent as of 
December 31, 2016
.

Our revenue and cash available to service debt obligations and for distribution to our stockholders would be materially adversely affected if any of these properties were materially damaged or destroyed. Additionally, our revenue and cash available to service debt obligations and for distribution to our stockholders would be materially adversely affected if tenants at these properties fail to timely make rental payments due to adverse financial conditions or otherwise, default under their leases or file for bankruptcy or become insolvent. 

Our results of operations rely on major tenants and insolvency or bankruptcy of these or other tenants could adversely affect our results of operations.

Giving effect to leases in effect as of 
December 31, 2016
 for consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture properties, as of that date, our five largest tenants, based on annualized cash rent, accounted for 
20.4%
 of our share of Portfolio annualized cash rent, with two tenants, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, and Viacom International Inc. accounting for 
8.1%
, and 
6.7%
 of our share of Portfolio annualized cash rent, respectively. Our business and results of operations would be adversely affected if any of our major tenants became insolvent, declared bankruptcy, or otherwise refused to pay rent in a timely fashion or at all. In addition, if business conditions in the industries in which our tenants are concentrated deteriorate, we may experience increases in past due accounts, defaults, lower occupancy and reduced effective rents across tenants in such industries, which could in turn have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Leasing office space to smaller and growth-oriented businesses could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.

Some of the tenants in our properties are smaller, growth-oriented businesses that may not have the financial strength of larger corporate tenants. Smaller companies generally experience a higher rate of failure than larger businesses. Growth-oriented firms may also seek other office space as they develop. Leasing office space to these companies could create a higher risk of tenant defaults, turnover and bankruptcies, which could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. 

We may suffer adverse consequences if our revenues decline since our operating costs do not necessarily decline in proportion to our revenue.

We earn a significant portion of our income from renting our properties. Our operating costs, however, do not necessarily fluctuate in direct proportion to changes in our rental revenue. As a result, our costs will not necessarily decline even if our revenues do. In such event, we may be forced to borrow to cover our costs, we may incur losses or we may not have cash available to service our debt and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

12

Table of Contents

We face risks associated with property acquisitions.

We may acquire interests in properties, individual properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios that could significantly increase our size and alter our capital structure. Our acquisition activities may be exposed to, and their success may be adversely affected by, the following risks:

•

we may be unable to meet required closing conditions;

•

we may be unable to finance acquisitions and developments of properties on favorable terms or at all;

•

we may be unable to lease our acquired properties on the same terms or to the same level of occupancy as our existing properties;

•

acquired properties may fail to perform as we expected;

•

we may expend funds on, and devote management time to, acquisition opportunities which we do not complete, which may include non-refundable deposits; 

•

our estimates of the costs we incur in renovating, improving, developing or redeveloping acquired properties may be inaccurate;

•

we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for acquired properties; and

•

we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions and developments, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We may acquire properties subject to both known and unknown liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse to the seller. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us arising from our ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle it, which could adversely affect our cash flow. Unknown liabilities with respect to properties acquired might include:

•

claims by tenants, vendors or other persons arising from dealing with the former owners of the properties;

•

liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;

•

claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties; and

•

liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination.

Competition for acquisitions may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of those acquisitions.

We may acquire properties when we are presented with attractive opportunities. We may face competition for acquisition opportunities from other investors, particularly those investors who are willing to incur more leverage, and this competition may adversely affect us by subjecting us to the following risks:

•

an inability to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate investors, including publicly traded and privately held REITs, private real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, pension trusts, partnerships and individual investors; and

•

an increase in the purchase price for such acquisition property.

If we are unable to successfully acquire additional properties, our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. In addition, increases in the cost of acquisition opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations.

We have commenced construction for our ground-up development project at One Vanderbilt Avenue.

The Company continues its significant ground-up development project at One Vanderbilt Avenue. During 2016, the Company obtained a $1.5 billion construction facility for the project and also sourced joint venture partners, NPS and Hines, which acquired a 27.6% and 1.4% interest, respectively, in the project, respectively, in January 2017 and have committed aggregate equity to the project of no less than 
$525.0 million
. The Company and Hines will co-develop the building.

Construction of the project will not be completed for several years. As with any ground-up development project, unforeseen delays and other matters could further delay completion, result in increased costs or otherwise have a material effect on our results of operations. In addition, the extended time frame to complete the project will cause the project to be subject to shifts and trends in the real estate market which may not be consistent with our current business plans for this property.

13

Table of Contents

The Company's project at One Vanderbilt Avenue is located directly above public transit lines and is adjacent to Grand Central Terminal and other historic buildings. Damage to infrastructure or adjacent properties as well as the impact to the area due to construction noise, traffic, or debris could lead to reputational damage and legal actions.

We are subject to risks that affect the retail environment.

Approximately 
4.8%
 of our Portfolio annualized cash rent is generated by retail properties, principally in Manhattan. As a result, we are subject to risks that affect the retail environment generally, including the level of consumer spending, consumer confidence and levels of tourism in Manhattan. These factors could adversely affect the financial condition of our retail tenants and the willingness of retailers to lease space in our retail properties, which could in turn have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

The occurrence of a terrorist attack may adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to generate cash flow.

Our operations are primarily concentrated in the New York Metropolitan area. In the aftermath of a terrorist attack or other acts of terrorism or war, tenants in the New York Metropolitan area may choose to relocate their business to less populated, lower-profile areas of the United States that those tenants believe are not as likely to be targets of future terrorist activity. In addition, economic activity could decline as a result of terrorist attacks or other acts of terrorism or war, or the perceived threat of such acts. Each of these impacts could in turn trigger a decrease in the demand for space in the New York Metropolitan area, which could increase vacancies in our properties and force us to lease our properties on less favorable terms. Furthermore, we may also experience increased costs in relation to security equipment and personnel. As a result, the value of our properties and our results of operations could materially decline.

Potential losses may not be covered by insurance.

We maintain “all-risk” property and rental value coverage (including coverage regarding the perils of flood, earthquake and terrorism, excluding nuclear, biological, chemical, and radiological terrorism ("NBCR")), within three property insurance programs and liability insurance. Management believes the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage, and industry practice. Separate property and liability coverage may be purchased on a stand-alone basis for certain assets, such as the development of One Vanderbilt.

On January 12, 2015, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization and Extension Act of 2007 ("TRIPRA") (formerly the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act) was reauthorized until December 31, 2020 pursuant to the Terrorism Insurance Program Reauthorization and Extension Act of 2015. The TRIPRA extends the federal Terrorism Insurance Program that requires insurance companies to offer terrorism coverage and provides for compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of certified terrorism, subject to the current program trigger of 
$120.0 million
, which will increase by 
$20.0 million
 per annum, commencing 
December 31, 2015
 (Trigger). Coinsurance under TRIPRA is 
16%
, increasing 
1%
 per annum, as of 
December 31, 2015
 (Coinsurance). There are no assurances TRIPRA will be further extended.

Our wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, Belmont Insurance Company, or Belmont, acts as a captive insurance company and as one of the elements of our overall insurance program. Belmont was formed in an effort, among other reasons, to stabilize to some extent the impact of insurance market fluctuations. Belmont is licensed by New York State as a direct insurer of Terrorism and NBCR Terrorism, and a reinsurer with respect to portions of our General Liability, Environmental Liability, Flood, Professional Liability, Employment Practices Liability and D&O coverage. Belmont purchases reinsurance for its Coinsurance and is backstopped by the Federal government for the balance of its terrorism limit for certified acts of terrorism above the Trigger. We purchase direct, third party terrorism insurance up to the Trigger for certified acts of terrorism. Belmont is backstopped by the Federal government for certified acts of NBCR terrorism above the Trigger and subject to its Coinsurance, however does not reinsure its NBCR Coinsurance requirement. There is no coverage for a NBCR terrorism act if covered industry losses are below the Trigger. As long as we own Belmont, we are responsible for its liquidity and capital resources, and the accounts of Belmont are part of our consolidated financial statements. If we experience a loss and Belmont is required to pay a claim under our insurance policies, we would ultimately record the loss to the extent of Belmont's required payment. Therefore, certain insurance coverage provided by Belmont should not be considered as the equivalent of third-party insurance, but rather as a modified form of self-insurance.

Our debt instruments, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties (which are generally non-recourse to us), mezzanine loans, ground leases, our 2012 credit facility, senior unsecured notes and other corporate obligations, contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. Although we believe that we currently maintain sufficient insurance coverage to satisfy these obligations, there is no assurance that in the future we will be able to procure coverage at a reasonable cost. In such instances, there can be no assurance that the lenders or ground lessors under these instruments will not take the position that a total or partial exclusion from “all-risk” insurance coverage for losses due to, for example, terrorist acts is a breach of these debt and ground lease instruments allowing the lenders or ground lessors to declare an event of default and accelerate repayment of debt or recapture of ground lease positions. In addition, if lenders require greater coverage that we are unable to obtain at 

14

Table of Contents

commercially reasonable rates, we may incur substantially higher insurance premiums or our ability to finance our properties and expand our portfolio may be adversely impacted.

Furthermore, with respect to certain of our properties, including properties held by joint ventures, or subject to triple net leases, insurance coverage is obtained by a third-party and we do not control the coverage. While we may have agreements with such third parties to maintain adequate coverage and we monitor these policies, such coverage ultimately may not be maintained or adequately cover our risk of loss. We may have less protection than with respect to the properties where we obtain coverage directly. Although we consider our insurance coverage to be appropriate, in the event of a major catastrophe, we may not have sufficient coverage to replace certain properties.

We face possible risks associated with the natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change.

We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change, which can include storms, hurricanes and flooding, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations and business. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels. Over time, these conditions could result in declining demand for office space in our buildings or the inability of us to operate the buildings at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable, increasing the cost of energy at our properties and requiring us to expend funds as we seek to repair and protect our properties against such risks. There can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations or business.

SL Green depends on dividends and distributions from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

Substantially all of our assets are held through subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership’s cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to it by its subsidiaries, and in turn, substantially all of SL Green's cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to it by our Operating Partnership. The creditors of each of our direct and indirect subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary’s obligations to them, when due and payable, before distributions may be made by that subsidiary to its equity holders. 

Therefore, our Operating Partnership’s ability to make distributions to holders of its partnership units depends on its subsidiaries’ ability first to satisfy their obligations to their creditors and then to make distributions to our Operating Partnership. Likewise, SL Green's ability to pay dividends to holders of common stock and preferred stock depends on our Operating Partnership’s ability first to satisfy its obligations to its creditors and make distributions payable to holders of preferred units and then to make distributions to SL Green.

Furthermore, the holders of preferred partnership units of our Operating Partnership are entitled to receive preferred distributions before payment of distributions to holders of common units of our Operating Partnership, including SL Green. Thus, SL Green’s ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders and satisfy its debt obligations depends on our Operating Partnership’s ability first to satisfy its obligations to its creditors and make distributions to holders of its preferred partnership units and then to holders of its common units, including SL Green. 

In addition, SL Green’s participation in any distribution of the assets of any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries upon the liquidation, reorganization or insolvency, is only after the claims of the creditors, including trade creditors and preferred security holders, are satisfied.

Debt financing, financial covenants, degree of leverage, and increases in interest rates could adversely affect our economic performance.

Scheduled debt payments could adversely affect our results of operations.

Cash flow could be insufficient to pay dividends and meet the payments of principal and interest required under our current mortgages, our 2012 credit facility, our senior unsecured notes, our debentures and indebtedness outstanding at our joint venture properties. The total principal amount of our outstanding consolidated indebtedness was 
$6.6 billion
 as of 
December 31, 2016
, consisting of a 
$1.2 billion
 unsecured bank term loan, 
$1.1 billion
 under our senior unsecured notes, 
$0.1 billion
 of junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, 
$4.1 billion
 of non-recourse mortgages and loans payable on certain of our properties and debt and preferred equity investments, and 
$0.1 billion
 letters of credit. In addition, we could increase the amount of our outstanding consolidated indebtedness in the future, in part by borrowing under the revolving credit facility portion of our 2012 credit facility. The 
$1.6 billion
 revolving credit facility portion of our 2012 credit facility currently matures in March 2020, which includes two six-month extension options. In the first quarter of 2015, we modified and extended the revolving credit facility from March 2018 to March 2020 and reduced the margin by 
25
 basis points. This modification took effect in the first quarter of 2015. As of 
December 31, 2016
, the total principal amount of non-recourse indebtedness outstanding at the joint venture properties was 
$6.5 billion
, of which our proportionate share was 
$2.7 billion
. As of 
December 31, 2016
, we had no recourse indebtedness outstanding at our unconsolidated joint venture properties.

15

Table of Contents

If we are unable to make payments under our 2012 credit facility, all amounts due and owing at such time shall accrue interest at a rate equal to 
2%
 higher than the rate at which each draw was made. If we are unable to make payments under our senior unsecured notes, the principal and unpaid interest will become immediately payable. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and we are unable to meet mortgage payments, the mortgagee could foreclose on the property, resulting in loss of income and asset value. Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to make payments under our 2012 credit facility or our senior unsecured notes could trigger defaults under the terms of our other financings, making such financings at risk of being declared immediately payable, and would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness, which may require substantial principal payments at maturity. 
$267.7 million
 of consolidated mortgage debt and 
$312.2 million
 of unconsolidated joint venture debt is scheduled to mature in 
2017
 after giving effect to repayments and refinancing of consolidated and joint venture debt between 
December 31, 2016
 and 
February 17, 2017
 as discussed in the "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" section. At the present time, we intend to repay, refinance, or exercise extension options on the debt associated with our properties on or prior to their respective maturity dates. At the time of refinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors, such as the possible reluctance of lenders to make commercial real estate loans, may result in higher interest rates. Increased interest expense on the extended or refinanced debt would adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions to security holders. If any principal payments due at maturity cannot be repaid, refinanced or extended, our cash flow will not be sufficient to repay maturing or accelerated debt.

Financial covenants could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.

The mortgages and mezzanine loans on our properties generally contain customary negative covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the properties, to enter into material leases without lender consent or materially modify existing leases, among other things. In addition, our 2012 credit facility and senior unsecured notes contain restrictions and requirements on our method of operations. Our 2012 credit facility and our unsecured notes also require us to maintain designated ratios, including but not limited to, total debt-to-assets, debt service coverage and unencumbered assets-to-unsecured debt. These restrictions could adversely affect operations (including reducing our flexibility and our ability to incur additional debt), our ability to pay debt obligations and our ability to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

Rising interest rates could adversely affect our cash flow.

Advances under our 2012 credit facility and certain property-level mortgage debt bear interest at a variable rate. Our consolidated variable rate borrowings totaled 
$1.1 billion
 at 
December 31, 2016
. In addition, we could increase the amount of our outstanding variable rate debt in the future, in part by borrowing additional amounts under our 2012 credit facility, which consisted of a 
$1.6 billion
 revolving credit facility. Borrowings under our revolving credit facility and term loan bore interest at the 30-day LIBOR, plus spreads of 
125
 basis points and 
140
 basis points, respectively, at 
December 31, 2016
. As of 
December 31, 2016
, borrowings under our term loan and junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures totaled 
$1.2 billion
 and 
$100.0 million
, respectively, and bore weighted average interest at 
2.05%
 and 
1.93%
, respectively. We may incur indebtedness in the future that also bears interest at a variable rate or may be required to refinance our debt at higher rates. At 
December 31, 2016
, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across each of our variable interest rate instruments would decrease our annual interest costs by 
$2.4 million
 and would increase our share of joint venture annual interest costs by 
$11.6 million
. Our joint ventures may also incur variable rate debt and face similar risks. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions and our ability to continue to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations.

The interest rate hedge instruments we use to manage some of our exposure to interest rate volatility involve risk and counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. In addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and when existing interest rate hedges terminate, we may incur increased costs in putting in place further interest rate hedges. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations.

Increases in our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our stock price.

Our organizational documents do not contain any limitation on the amount of indebtedness we may incur. As of 
December 31, 2016
, assuming the conversion of all outstanding units of the Operating Partnership into shares of SL Green's common stock, our combined debt-to-market capitalization ratio, including our share of joint venture debt of 
$2.7 billion
, was 
43.3%
. Our market capitalization is variable and does not necessarily reflect the fair market value of our assets at all times. We also consider factors other than market capitalization in making decisions regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, such as the purchase price of properties to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing and the ability of particular properties and our business as a whole to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. Any changes that increase our debt-to-market capitalization percentage could be viewed negatively by investors. As a result, our stock price could decrease.

16

Table of Contents

A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our credit rating and the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and our preferred stock could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and any rating could be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant such action. Moreover, these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our common stock or any other securities. If any of the credit rating agencies that have rated our securities downgrades or lowers its credit rating, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating on a “watch list” for a possible downgrading or lowering, or otherwise indicates that its outlook for that rating is negative, such action could have a material adverse effect on our costs and availability of funding, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the trading price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

Debt and preferred equity investments could cause us to incur expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

We held first mortgages, mezzanine loans, junior participations and preferred equity interests in 
64
 investments with an aggregate net book value of 
$2.0 billion
 including 
$0.3 billion
 of investments recorded in balance sheet line items other than the Debt and Preferred Equity Investments line item at 
December 31, 2016
. Some of these instruments may be recourse to their sponsors, while others are limited to the collateral securing the loan. In the event of a default under these obligations, we may have to take possession of the collateral securing these interests. Borrowers may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against such enforcement and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce their obligations to us. Declines in the value of the property may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our investment upon foreclosure or realization even if we make substantial improvements or repairs to the underlying real estate in order to maximize such property's investment potential. In addition, we may invest in mortgage-backed securities and other marketable securities.

We maintain and regularly evaluate the need for reserves to protect against potential future losses. Our reserves reflect management's judgment of the probability and severity of losses and the value of the underlying collateral. We cannot be certain that our judgment will prove to be correct and that our reserves will be adequate over time to protect against future losses because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or events adversely affecting specific properties, assets, tenants, borrowers, industries in which our tenants and borrowers operate or markets in which our tenants and borrowers or their properties are located. As of 
December 31, 2016
, we had no recorded reserves for possible credit losses. If our reserves for credit losses prove inadequate, we could suffer losses which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, the market prices of our securities and our ability to pay dividends and distributions to security holders.

Joint investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority and reliance upon a co-venturer's financial condition.

We co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, co-tenancies or other structures, and by acquiring non-controlling interests in, or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of, a property, partnership, joint venture, co-tenancy or other entity. Therefore, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding such property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that our partners, co-tenants or co-venturers might become bankrupt or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Additionally, our partners or co-venturers might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals which are competitive or inconsistent with our business interests or goals. These investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions such as a sale, because neither we, nor the partner, co-tenant or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. In addition, we may in specific circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners, co-tenants or co-venturers. As of 
December 31, 2016
, our unconsolidated joint ventures owned 
41