Our business activities involve a variety of risks. Below we
 describe the significant risk factors affecting our business.
 The risks described below are not the only risks facing
 us — other risks also could impact our business.

 Funding
 and Liquidity.

 Our
 business is affected by funding constraints in the credit market
 and dependence on various government funding sources, and the
 interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not
 always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding
 arrangements. These factors may increase the price of or
 decrease our ability to obtain liquidity as well expose us to
 basis risk and repricing.

 The capital markets are experiencing a prolonged period of
 volatility. This volatility has had varying degrees of impact on
 most financial organizations. These conditions have impacted the
 Company’s access to and cost of capital necessary to manage
 our business. Additional factors that could make financing
 difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any terms include,
 but are not limited to, financial results and losses of the
 Company, changes within our organization, events that have an
 adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the activities of
 our business partners, events that have an adverse impact on the
 financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes
 affecting our assets, corporate and regulatory actions, absolute
 and comparative interest rate changes, ratings agencies’
 actions, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
 accounting and tax environments governing our funding
 transactions.

 Our business is also affected by various government funding
 sources and funding constraints in the capital markets.

 Funding for new FFELP loan originations is currently dependent
 to a large degree on financial programs established by the
 federal government. These programs are described in the
 “LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES” section of this
 Form 10-K.
 These federal programs are not permanent and may not be extended
 past their expiration dates. There is no assurance that the
 capital markets will be able to totally support FFELP loan
 originations beyond the time these programs are presently
 scheduled to end. Upon termination of the government programs
 mentioned, if cost effective funding sources were not available,
 we could be compelled to reduce or suspend the origination of
 new FFELP loans.

 FFELP loans originated under the government programs mentioned
 above must be re-financed or sold to the government by a date
 determined under the terms of the programs. It is our intention
 to sell these loans to the government under the terms of the
 programs.

 During 2009, the Company funded private, non-federally
 guaranteed loan originations primarily through term brokered
 deposits raised by Sallie Mae Bank. Assets funded in this manner
 result in re-financing risk because the average term of the
 deposits is shorter than the expected term of some of the same
 assets. There is no assurance that this or other sources of
 funding, such as the term asset-backed securities market, will
 be available at a level and a cost that makes new Private
 Education Loan originations possible or profitable, nor is there
 any assurance that the loans can be re-financed at profitable
 margins.

 At some time, the Company may decide that it is prudent or
 necessary to raise additional equity capital through the sale of
 common stock, preferred stock, or securities that convert into
 common stock. There are no restrictions on entering into the
 sale of any equity securities in either public or private
 transactions, except that any private transaction involving more
 than 20 percent of shares outstanding requires shareholder
 approval and any holder owning more than 10 percent of our fully
 diluted shares requires approval of the FDIC relating to a
 change of control of our Bank. Under current market conditions,
 the terms of an equity transaction may subject existing security
 holders to potential subordination or dilution and may involve a
 change in governance.

 The interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not
 always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding
 arrangements. This mismatch exposes us to risk in the form of
 basis risk and repricing risk. While most of such basis risks
 are hedged using interest rate swap contracts, such hedges are
 not always perfect matches and, therefore, may result in losses.
 While the asset and hedge indices are short-term with rate
 movements that are typically highly correlated, there can be no
 assurance that the historically high correlation will not be
 disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not
 within our control. For instance, as a result of the turmoil in
 the capital markets, the historically tight spread between CP
 and LIBOR began to widen dramatically in the fourth

 11

 quarter of 2008. It subsequently reverted to more normal levels
 beginning in the third quarter of 2009 and has been stable since
 then. In such circumstances, our earnings could be adversely
 affected, possibly to a material extent.

 Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction
 in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity,
 increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the markets or
 trigger obligations under certain provisions in collateralized
 arrangements. Under these provisions, counterparties may require
 us to segregate collateral or terminate certain contracts.

 Economic
 Conditions.

 We may
 be adversely affected by deterioration in economic
 conditions.

 We may continue to be adversely affected by economic conditions.
 A continuation of the current downturn in the economy, or a
 further deterioration, could result in lessened demand for
 consumer credit and credit quality could continue to be
 impacted. Adverse economic conditions may result in declines in
 collateral values. Higher credit-related losses and weaker
 credit quality could impact our financial position and limit
 funding options, including capital markets activity, which could
 adversely impact the Company’s liquidity position.

 Operations.

 A
 failure of our operational systems or infrastructure, or those
 of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business, result
 in disclosure of confidential customer information, damage our
 reputation and cause losses.

 A failure of our operational systems or infrastructure, or those
 of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business. Our
 business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on
 a daily basis, a large number of transactions. These
 transactions must be processed in compliance with legal and
 regulatory standards and our product specifications, which we
 change to reflect our business needs. As processing demands
 change and grow, developing and maintaining our operational
 systems and infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging.

 Our loan originations and servicing, financial, accounting, data
 processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to
 operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that
 are beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to
 process these transactions. Any such failure could adversely
 affect our ability to service our clients, result in financial
 loss or liability to our clients, disrupt our business, result
 in regulatory action or cause reputational damage. Despite the
 plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to conduct
 business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the
 infrastructure that supports our businesses. This may include a
 disruption involving electrical, communications, internet,
 transportation or other services used by us or third parties
 with which we conduct business. Notwithstanding our efforts to
 maintain business continuity, a disruptive event impacting our
 processing locations could negatively affect our business.

 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and
 transmission of personal, confidential and other information in
 our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective
 measures, our computer systems, software and networks may be
 vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, malicious
 attacks and other events that could have a security impact
 beyond our control. If one or more of such events occur,
 personal, confidential and other information processed and
 stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and
 networks, could be jeopardized or otherwise interruptions or
 malfunctions in our operations could result in significant
 losses or reputational damage. We may be required to expend
 significant additional resources to modify our protective
 measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or
 other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and
 financial losses that are either not insured against or not
 fully covered through any insurance maintained by us.

 We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and
 proprietary information, some through third parties. We have put
 in place secure transmission capability, and work to ensure
 third parties follow similar procedures. An interception, misuse
 or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary
 information being sent to or received from a customer or third
 party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and
 reputational harm.

 12

 Political.

 Changes
 in laws and regulations that affect the FFELP and consumer
 lending could affect the profitability of our
 business.

 Changes in laws and regulations that affect our businesses,
 including our FFELP and private credit education lending and
 debt collection businesses, could affect the profitability and
 viability of our Company. During September 2009, the House of
 Representatives passed H.R. 3221, the Student Aid and Fiscal
 Responsibility Act (“SAFRA”), which would eliminate
 the FFELP and require that, after July 1, 2010, all new
 federal student loans be made through the Direct Student Loan
 Program. There are several proposals in the Senate, including
 SAFRA and related proposals, and an alternative proposal
 submitted by Senator Casey to the Congressional Budget Office
 for scoring, which maintains a structure similar to the
 Community Proposal but reduces the purchase fee from $75 to $55.
 The Administration’s budget for the 2011 fiscal year,
 submitted to Congress on February 1, 2010, includes
 proposals consistent with SAFRA that could negatively impact the
 FFELP. The Obama Administration’s (the
 “Administration”) budget request and the current
 economic environment may make legislative changes more likely,
 making this risk to our business greater. The Administration has
 also proposed a financial responsibility tax for financial
 institutions which may also impact the Company.

 Competition.

 We
 operate in a competitive environment, and our product offerings
 are primarily concentrated in loan and savings products for
 higher education.

 The education loan business is highly competitive. We compete in
 the FFELP business and the private credit lending business with
 banks and other consumer lending institutions, many with strong
 consumer brand name recognition. We compete based on our
 products, origination capability and customer service. To the
 extent our competitors compete aggressively or more effectively,
 including with private credit loan products that are more
 accepted than ours or lower private credit pricing, we could
 lose market share to them or subject our existing loans to
 refinancing risk.

 We are a leading provider of saving- and
 paying-for-college
 products and programs. This concentration gives us a competitive
 advantage in the market place. This concentration also creates
 risks in our business, particularly in light of our
 concentration as a FFELP and private credit lender and servicer
 for the FFELP and DSLP. The market for federally-guaranteed
 student loans is shared among the Company and other private
 sector lenders who participate in the FFELP, and the federal
 government through the DSLP. The market for private credit loans
 is shared among many banks and financial institutions. If
 population demographics result in a decrease in college-age
 individuals, if demand for higher education decreases, if the
 cost of attendance of higher education decreases, if public
 support for higher education costs increases, or if the demand
 for higher education loans decreases or increases from one
 product to another, our FFELP and private credit lending
 business could be negatively affected.

 In addition, if we introduce new education or other loan
 products, there is a risk that those new products will not be
 accepted in the marketplace. We might not have other profitable
 product offerings that offset loss of business in the education
 credit market.

 Credit
 and Counterparty.

 Unexpected
 and sharp changes in the overall economic environment may
 negatively impact the performance of our credit
 portfolio.

 Unexpected changes in the overall economic environment may
 result in the credit performance of our loan portfolio being
 materially different from what we expect. Our earnings are
 critically dependent on the evolving creditworthiness of our
 student loan customers. We maintain a reserve for credit losses
 based on expected future charge-offs which consider many
 factors, including levels of past due loans and forbearances and
 expected economic conditions. However, management’s
 determination of the appropriate reserve level may under- or
 over-estimate future losses. If the credit quality of our
 customer base materially decreases, if a market risk changes
 significantly, or if our reserves for credit losses are not
 adequate, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could suffer.

 In addition to the credit risk associated with our education
 loan customers, we are also subject to the creditworthiness of
 other third parties, including counterparties to our derivative
 transactions. For example, we

 13

 have exposure to the financial condition of various lending,
 investment and derivative counterparties. If any of our
 counterparties is unable to perform its obligations, we would,
 depending on the type of counterparty arrangement, experience a
 loss of liquidity or an economic loss. In addition, we might not
 be able to cost effectively replace the derivative position
 depending on the type of derivative and the current economic
 environment, and thus be exposed to a greater level of interest
 rate and/or
 foreign currency exchange rate risk which could lead to
 additional losses. The Company’s counterparty exposure is
 more fully discussed herein in “LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
 RESOURCES — Counterparty Exposure.”

 Regulatory
 and Compliance.

 Our
 businesses are regulated by various state and federal laws and
 regulations, and our failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations may result in significant costs, sanctions and/or
 litigation.

 Our businesses are subject to numerous state and federal laws
 and regulations and our failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations may result in significant costs, including
 litigation costs,
 and/or
 business sanctions.

 Our private credit lending and debt collection business are
 subject to regulation and oversight by various state and federal
 agencies, particularly in the area of consumer protection
 regulation. Some state attorneys general have been active in
 this area of consumer protection. We are subject, and may be
 subject in the future, to inquiries and audits from state and
 federal regulators as well as frequent litigation from private
 plaintiffs.

 Sallie Mae Bank is subject to state and FDIC regulation,
 oversight and regular examination. At the time of this filing,
 Sallie Mae Bank was the subject of a cease and desist order for
 weaknesses in its compliance function. While the issues
 addressed in the order have largely been remediated, the order
 has not yet been lifted. Our failure to comply with various laws
 and regulations or with the terms of the cease and desist order
 or to have issues raised during an examination could result in
 litigation expenses, fines, business sanctions, limitations on
 our ability to fund our Private Education Loans, which are
 currently funded by term deposits issued by Sallie Mae Bank, or
 restrictions on the operations of Sallie Mae Bank.

 Loans originated and serviced under the FFELP are subject to
 legislative and regulatory changes. A summary of the program,
 which indicates its complexity and frequent changes, may be
 found in APPENDIX A, “FEDERAL FAMILY EDUCATION LOAN
 PROGRAM” of this
 Form 10-K.
 We continually update our FFELP loan originations and servicing
 policies and procedures and our systems technologies, provide
 training to our staff and maintain quality control over
 processes through compliance reviews and internal and external
 audits. We are at risk, however, for misinterpretation of ED
 guidance and incorrect application of ED regulations and
 policies, which could result in fines, the loss of the federal
 guarantee on FFELP loans, or limits on our participation in the
 FFELP.

 Reliance
 on Estimates.

 Incorrect
 estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
 adversely affect the reported assets, liabilities, income and
 expenses.

 Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection
 with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 could adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses. The
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires
 management to make certain critical accounting estimates and
 assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expense
 during the reporting periods. A description of our critical
 accounting estimates and assumptions may be found in
 “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — CRITICAL
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES” in this
 Form 10-K.
 If we make incorrect assumptions or estimates, we may under- or
 overstate reported financial results, which could result in
 actual results being significantly different than current
 estimates which could adversely affect our business.