LENDING
 BUSINESS SEGMENT — FFELP STUDENT LOANS

 A
 larger than expected increase in third party consolidation
 activity may reduce our FFELP student loan spread, materially
 impair our Retained Interest, reduce our interest earning assets
 and otherwise materially adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 If third party consolidation activity increases beyond
 management’s expectations, our FFELP student loan spread
 may be adversely affected; our Retained Interest may be
 materially impaired; our future earnings may be reduced from the
 loss of interest earning assets; and our results of operations
 may be adversely affected. Our FFELP student loan spread may be
 adversely affected because third party consolidators generally
 target our highest yielding FFELP Consolidation Loans. Our
 Retained Interest may be materially impaired if consolidation
 activity reaches levels not anticipated by management. We may
 also incur impairment charges if we increase our expected future
 Constant Prepayment Rate (“CPR”) assumptions used to
 value the Residual Interest as a result of such unanticipated
 levels of consolidation. The potentially material adverse affect
 on our operating results relates principally to our hedging
 activities in connection with Floor Income. We enter into
 certain Floor Income Contracts under which we receive an upfront
 fee in exchange for our payment of the Floor Income earned on a
 notional amount of underlying FFELP Consolidation Loans over the
 life of the Floor Income Contract. If third party consolidation
 activity that involves refinancing an existing FFELP
 Consolidation Loan with a new FFELP Consolidation Loan increases
 substantially, then the Floor Income that we are obligated to
 pay under such Floor Income Contracts may exceed the Floor
 Income actually generated from the underlying FFELP
 Consolidation Loans, possibly to a material extent. In such a
 scenario, we would either close out the related Floor Income
 Contracts or purchase an offsetting hedge. In either case, the
 adverse impact on both our GAAP and “Core Earnings”
 could be material. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT —
 Floor Income — Managed Basis.”)

 Incorrect
 estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
 adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 and the reported amounts of income and expenses.

 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 requires management to make certain critical accounting
 estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts
 of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and
 expense during the reporting periods. (See
 “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — CRITICAL
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES.”) For example, for both
 our federally insured and Private Education Loans, the
 unamortized portion of the premiums and the discounts is
 included in the carrying value of the student loan on the
 consolidated balance sheet. We recognize income on our student
 loan portfolio based on the expected yield of the student loan
 after giving effect to the amortization of purchase premiums and
 accretion of student loan income discounts, as well as the
 impact of Borrower Benefits. In arriving at the expected yield,
 we must make a number of estimates that when changed must be
 reflected as a cumulative student loan
 catch-up
 from the inception of the student loan. The most sensitive
 estimate for premium and discount amortization is the estimate
 of the CPR, which measures the rate at which loans in the
 portfolio pay before their stated maturity. The CPR is used in
 calculating the average life of the portfolio. A number of
 factors can affect the CPR estimate such as the rate of
 consolidation activity and default rates. If we make an
 incorrect CPR estimate, the previously recognized income on our
 student loan portfolio based on the expected yield of the
 student loan will need to be adjusted in the current period.

 In addition, the impact of our Borrower Benefits programs, which
 provide incentives to borrowers to make timely payments on their
 loans by allowing for reductions in future interest rates as
 well as rebates on outstanding balances, is dependent on the
 number of borrowers who will eventually qualify for these
 benefits. The incentives are offered to attract new borrowers
 and to improve our borrowers’ payment behavior. For
 example, we offer borrowers an incentive program that reduces
 their interest rate by a specified percentage per year or
 reduces their loan balance after they have made a specified
 initial number of scheduled payments on

 20

Table of Contents

 time and for so long as they continue to make subsequent
 scheduled payments on time. We regularly estimate the
 qualification rates for Borrower Benefits programs and book a
 level yield adjustment based upon that estimate. If our estimate
 of the qualification rates is lower than the actual rates, both
 the yield on our student loan portfolio and our net interest
 income will be lower than estimated and a cumulative adjustment
 will be made to reduce income, possibly to a material extent.
 Such an underestimation may also adversely affect the value of
 our Retained Interest because one of the assumptions made in
 assessing its value is the amount of Borrower Benefits expected
 to be earned by borrowers. Finally, we continue to look at new
 ways to attract new borrowers and to improve our borrowers’
 payment behavior. These efforts as well as the actions of
 competing lenders may lead to the addition or modification of
 Borrower Benefits programs.

 LENDING
 BUSINESS SEGMENT — PRIVATE EDUCATION LOANS

 Changes
 in the composition of our Managed student loan portfolio will
 increase the risk profile of our asset base and our capital
 requirements.

 As of December 31, 2006, 16 percent of our Managed
 student loans were Private Education Loans. Private Education
 Loans are unsecured and are not guaranteed or reinsured under
 the FFELP or any other federal student loan program and are not
 insured by any private insurance program. Accordingly, we bear
 the full risk of loss on most of these loans if the borrower and
 co-borrower, if applicable, default. Events beyond our control
 such as a prolonged economic downturn could make it difficult
 for Private Education Loan borrowers to meet their payment
 obligations for a variety of reasons, including job loss and
 underemployment, which could lead to higher levels of
 delinquencies and defaults. Private Education Loans now account
 for 23 percent of our “Core Earnings” net
 interest income after provisions and 16 percent of our
 Managed student loan portfolio. We expect that Private Education
 Loans will become an increasingly higher percentage of both our
 margin and our Managed student loan portfolio, which will
 increase the risk profile of our asset base and raise our
 capital requirements because Private Education Loans have
 significantly higher capital requirements than FFELP loans. This
 may affect the availability of capital for other purposes. In
 addition, the comparatively larger spreads on Private Education
 Loans, which historically have compensated for the narrowing
 FFELP spreads, may narrow as competition increases.

 As a component of our Private Education Loan program, we make
 available various tailored loan programs to numerous schools
 that are designed to help finance the education of students who
 are academically qualified but do not meet our standard credit
 criteria. Depending upon the loan program, schools share some
 portion of the risk of default. However, if the school
 experiences financial difficulty, we could bear the full risk of
 default. Management has taken specific steps to manage
 strategically the growth of its non-standard loan programs,
 instituted credit education programs to educate borrowers on how
 to improve their credit and shifted the focus to programs that
 are structured so that the Company will not bear the risk of a
 school’s bankruptcy. However, there can be no assurance
 that the Company’s non-standard student loan programs will
 not have an adverse effect on the overall credit quality of the
 Company’s Managed Private Education Loan portfolio.

 Past
 charge-off rates on our Private Education Loans may not be
 indicative of future charge-off rates because, among other
 things, we use forbearance policies and our failure to
 adequately predict and reserve for charge-offs may adversely
 impact our results of operations.

 We have established forbearance policies for our Private
 Education Loans under which we provide to the borrower temporary
 relief from payment of principal or interest in exchange for a
 processing fee paid by the borrower, which is waived under
 certain circumstances. During the forbearance period, generally
 granted in three-month increments, interest that the borrower
 otherwise would have paid is typically capitalized at the end of
 the forbearance term. At December 31, 2006, approximately
 nine percent of our Managed Private Education Loans in repayment
 and forbearance were in forbearance. Forbearance is used most
 heavily when the borrower’s loan enters repayment; however,
 borrowers may apply for forbearance multiple times and a
 significant number of Private Education Loan borrowers have
 taken advantage of this option. When a borrower ends forbearance
 and enters repayment, the account is considered current.
 Accordingly, a borrower who may have been delinquent in his
 payments or may not have made any recent payments on his account
 will be

 21

Table of Contents

 accounted for as a borrower in a current repayment status when
 the borrower exits the forbearance period. In addition, past
 charge-off rates on our Private Education Loans may not be
 indicative of future charge-off rates because of, among other
 things, the use of forbearance and the effect of future changes
 to the forbearance policies. If our forbearance policies prove
 over time to be less effective on cash collections than we
 expect or if we limit the circumstances under which forbearance
 may be granted under our forbearance policies, they could have a
 material adverse effect on the amount of future charge-offs and
 the ultimate default rate used to calculate loan loss reserves
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS —
 LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT — Total Loan Net
 Charge-offs.”)

 In addition, our loss estimates include losses to be incurred
 generally over a two-year loss emergence period. The two-year
 estimate of the allowance for loan losses is subject to a number
 of assumptions about future borrower behavior that may prove
 incorrect. For example, we use a migration analysis of
 historical charge-off experience and combine that with
 qualitative measures to project future trends. However, future
 charge-off rates can be higher than anticipated due to a variety
 of factors such as downturns in the economy, regulatory or
 operational changes in debt management operations effectiveness,
 and other unforeseeable future trends. If actual future
 performance in charge-offs and delinquency is worse than
 estimated, this could materially affect our estimate of the
 allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan
 losses on our income statement.

 DEBT
 MANAGEMENT OPERATIONS BUSINESS SEGMENT

 Our
 growth in our DMO business segment is dependent in part on
 successfully identifying, consummating and integrating strategic
 acquisitions.

 Since 2000, we have acquired five companies that are now
 successfully integrated within our Debt Management Operations
 group. Each of these acquisitions has contributed to DMO’s
 substantial growth. Future growth in the DMO business segment is
 dependent in part on successfully identifying, consummating and
 integrating strategic acquisitions. There can be no assurance
 that we will be successful in doing so. In addition, certain of
 these acquisitions have expanded our operations into businesses
 and asset classes that pose substantially more business and
 litigation risks than our core FFELP student loan business. For
 example, on September 16, 2004, we acquired a
 64 percent (now 88 percent) interest in AFS Holdings,
 LLC, commonly known as Arrow Financial Services, a company that,
 among other services, purchases non-performing receivables. In
 addition, on August 31, 2005, we purchased GRP, a company
 that purchases distressed mortgage receivables. While both
 companies purchase such assets at a discount and have
 sophisticated analytical and operational tools to price and
 collect on portfolio purchases, there can be no assurance that
 the price paid for defaulted portfolios will yield adequate
 returns, or that other factors beyond their control will not
 have a material adverse affect on their results of operations.
 Portfolio performance below original projections could result in
 impairments to the purchased portfolio assets. In addition,
 these businesses are subject to litigation risk under the Fair
 Debt Collection Practices Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act and
 various other federal, state and local laws in the normal course
 from private plaintiffs as well as federal and state regulatory
 authorities. Finally, we may explore additional business
 opportunities that may pose further or new risks.

 Our
 DMO business segment may not be able to purchase defaulted
 consumer receivables at prices that management believes to be
 appropriate, and a decrease in our ability to purchase
 portfolios of receivables could adversely affect our net
 income.

 If our DMO business segment is not able to purchase defaulted
 consumer receivables at planned levels and at prices that
 management believes to be appropriate, we could experience
 short-term and long-term decreases in income.

 22

Table of Contents

 The availability of receivables portfolios at prices which
 generate an appropriate return on our investment depends on a
 number of factors both within and outside of our control,
 including the following:

 • 

 the continuation of current growth trends in the levels of
 consumer obligations;

 • 

 sales of receivables portfolios by debt owners;

 • 

 competitive factors affecting potential purchasers and credit
 originators of receivables; and

 • 

 the ability to continue to service portfolios to yield an
 adequate return.

 Because of the length of time involved in collecting defaulted
 consumer receivables on acquired portfolios and the volatility
 in the timing of our collections, we may not be able to identify
 trends and make changes in our purchasing strategies in a timely
 manner.

 LIQUIDITY
 AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 If our
 stock price falls significantly, we may be required to settle
 our equity forward positions in a manner that could have a
 materially dilutive effect on our common stock.

 We repurchase our common stock through both open market
 purchases and equity forward contracts. At December 31,
 2006, we had outstanding equity forward contracts to purchase
 48.2 million shares of our common stock at prices ranging
 from $46.30 to $54.74 per share. The equity forward
 contracts permit the counterparty to terminate a portion of the
 equity forward contract if the common stock price falls below an
 “initial trigger price” and the counterparty can
 continue to terminate portions of the contract as the stock
 price reaches lower predetermined levels, until the stock price
 reaches the “final trigger price” whereby the entire
 contract can be terminated. The final trigger price is generally
 50 percent of the strike price. For equity forward
 contracts in effect as of December 31, 2006, the initial
 trigger price ranged from approximately $25.93 to $35.58 and the
 final trigger price ranged from $20.84 to $27.37. In February
 2007, the Company amended equity forward contracts with several
 counterparties under which the trigger prices were reduced. As
 of February 28, 2007, the highest trigger price on all
 outstanding equity forwards is $30.11. If the counterparty
 terminates a portion of the contract or the entire contract, we
 can satisfy any shortfall by paying cash or delivering common
 stock. If we issue common stock to settle the contracts in such
 circumstances, it could have a materially dilutive effect on our
 common stock. See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — COMMON STOCK.”

 We are
 exposed to interest rate risk in the form of basis risk and
 repricing risk because the interest rate characteristics of our
 earning assets do not always match exactly the interest rate
 characteristics of the funding.

 Depending on economic and other factors, we may fund our assets
 with debt that has a different index
 and/or reset
 frequency than the asset, but generally only where we believe
 there is a high degree of correlation between the interest rate
 movement of the two indices. For example, we use daily reset

3-month
 LIBOR to fund a large portion of our daily reset

3-month
 commercial paper indexed assets. We also use different index
 types and index reset frequencies to fund various other assets.
 In using different index types and different index reset
 frequencies to fund our assets, we are exposed to interest rate
 risk in the form of basis risk and repricing risk, which is the
 risk that the different indices may reset at different
 frequencies, or will not move in the same direction or with the
 same magnitude. While these indices are short-term with rate
 movements that are highly correlated over a long period of time,
 there can be no assurance that this high correlation will not be
 disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not
 within our control. In such circumstances, our earnings could be
 adversely affected, possibly to a material extent.

 23

Table of Contents

 We may
 face limited availability of financing, variation in our funding
 costs and uncertainty in our securitization
 financing.

 In general, the amount, type and cost of our funding, including
 securitization and unsecured financing from the capital markets
 and borrowings from financial institutions, have a direct impact
 on our operating expenses and financial results and can limit
 our ability to grow our assets.

 A number of factors could make such securitization and unsecured
 financing more difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any
 terms both domestically and internationally (where funding
 transactions may be on terms more or less favorable than in the
 United States), including, but not limited to, financial results
 and losses, changes within our organization, specific events
 that have an adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the
 activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital
 markets, specific events that have an adverse impact on the
 financial services industry, counter-party availability, changes
 affecting our assets, our corporate and regulatory structure,
 interest rate fluctuations, ratings agencies’ actions,
 general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
 accounting and tax environments governing our funding
 transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is
 strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world
 economies, and may become increasingly difficult due to economic
 and other factors. Finally, we compete for funding with other
 industry participants, some of which are publicly traded.
 Competition from these institutions may increase our cost of
 funds.

 We are dependent on the securitization markets for the long-term
 financing of student loans, which we expect to provide
 approximately 75 percent of our funding needs in 2007. If
 this market were to experience difficulties, if our asset
 quality were to deteriorate or if our debt ratings were to be
 downgraded, we may be unable to securitize our student loans or
 to do so on favorable terms, including pricing. If we were
 unable to continue to securitize our student loans at current
 levels or on favorable terms, we would use alternative funding
 sources to fund increases in student loans and meet our other
 liquidity needs. If we were unable to find cost-effective and
 stable funding alternatives, our funding capabilities and
 liquidity would be negatively impacted and our cost of funds
 could increase, adversely affecting our results of operations,
 and our ability to grow would be limited.

 In addition, the occurrence of certain events such as
 consolidations and reconsolidations may cause the securitization
 transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled, which could
 accelerate the need for additional funding to the extent that we
 effected the refinancing.

 The
 rating agencies could downgrade the ratings on our senior
 unsecured debt, which could increase our cost of
 funds.

 Securitizations are the primary source of our long-term
 financing and liquidity. Our ability to access the
 securitization market and the ratings on our asset-backed
 securities are not directly or fully dependent upon the
 Company’s general corporate credit ratings. However, the
 Company also utilizes senior unsecured long-term and short-term
 debt, which is dependent upon rating agency scoring. Our senior
 unsecured long-term debt is currently rated A2, A and A+ and
 senior unsecured short-term debt is currently rated
 P-1,

A-1 and F1+
 by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Standard and
 Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill
 Companies, Inc., and Fitch Ratings, respectively. If any or all
 of these ratings were downgraded of if they were put on watch
 with negative implications for any reason, our overall cost of
 funds could increase.

 GENERAL

 Our
 business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
 conditions, some of which are not within our control, including
 general economic conditions, increased competition, adverse
 changes in the laws and regulations that govern our businesses
 and failure to successfully identify, consummate and integrate
 strategic acquisitions.

 Our business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
 conditions, some of which we cannot control. For example, if the
 U.S. economy were to sustain a prolonged economic downturn
 a number of our businesses — including our fastest
 growing businesses, Private Education Loan business and Debt
 Management

 24

Table of Contents

 Operations — could be adversely affected. We bear the
 full risk of loss on our portfolio of Private Education Loans. A
 prolonged economic downturn could make it difficult for
 borrowers to meet their payment obligations for a variety of
 reasons, including job loss and underemployment. In addition, a
 prolonged economic downturn could extend the amortization period
 on DMO’s purchased receivables.

 We face strong competition in all of our businesses,
 particularly in our FFELP business. For example, a number of
 direct-to-consumer
 firms entered the market for FFELP Consolidation Loans in recent
 years in response to increased borrower demand and low barriers
 to entry. There can also be no assurance that significantly more
 such firms will not enter the market for FFELP Consolidation
 Loans, which could result in higher than expected prepayments on
 our FFELP loan portfolio. (See “MANAGEMENT’S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT —

Trends in the Lending Business Segment.”) Such
 prepayments would adversely impact our earnings. We also expect
 to see more competition in our Private Education Loan business.
 The strong margins that we currently maintain in this growing
 business that offset some of the margin erosion that we have
 experienced in our FFELP business may begin to weaken as more
 competitors offer competing products. If these competitive
 trends intensify, we could face further margin pressure.

 Because we earn our revenues from federally insured loans under
 a federally sponsored loan program, we are subject to political
 and regulatory risk. As part of the HEA, the student loan
 program is periodically amended and must be
 “reauthorized” every six years. Past legislative
 changes included reduced loan yields paid to lenders (1986,
 1992, 1995 and 1998), increased fees paid by lenders (1993),
 decreased level of the government guaranty (1993) and
 reduced fees to guarantors and collectors, among others. On
 February 8, 2006, the President signed the Reconciliation
 Legislation. The Reconciliation Legislation contains a number of
 provisions that over time will reduce our earnings on FFELP
 student loans, including a requirement that lenders rebate Floor
 Income on new loans and a reduction in lender reinsurance. In
 addition, since January 1, 2007, several bills have been
 introduced in both houses of Congress that would be, if enacted
 in their current forms, materially adverse to the profitability
 of the FFELP industry and create incentives for post-secondary
 schools to participate in the FDLP rather than the FFELP. The
 President’s 2008 budget proposals also call for, among
 other things, a 50 basis point cut in special allowance
 payments. Finally, there can be no assurances that future
 reauthorizations and other political developments will not
 result in changes that have a materially adverse impact on the
 Company. (For further discussion see “MANAGEMENT’S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — RECENT DEVELOPMENTS”.)

 Our principal business is comprised of acquiring, originating,
 holding and servicing education loans made and guaranteed under
 the FFELP. Most significant aspects of our principal business
 are governed by the HEA. We must also meet various requirements
 of the guaranty agencies, which are private
 not-for-profit
 organizations or state agencies that have entered into federal
 reinsurance contracts with ED, to maintain the federal guarantee
 on our FFELP loans. These requirements establish origination and
 servicing requirements, procedural guidelines and school and
 borrower eligibility criteria. The federal guarantee of FFELP
 loans is conditioned on loans being originated, disbursed or
 serviced in accordance with ED regulations.

 If we fail to comply with any of the above requirements, we
 could incur penalties or lose the federal guarantee on some or
 all of our FFELP loans. In addition, our marketing practices are
 subject to the HEA’s prohibited inducement provision and
 our failure to comply with such regulation could subject us to a
 limitation, suspension or termination of our eligible lender
 status. Even if we comply with the above requirements, a failure
 to comply by third parties with whom we conduct business could
 result in us incurring penalties or losing the federal guarantee
 on some or all of our FFELP loans. If we experience a high rate
 of servicing deficiencies, we could incur costs associated with
 remedial servicing, and, if we are unsuccessful in curing such
 deficiencies, the eventual losses on the loans that are not
 cured could be material. Failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations could result in our liability to borrowers and
 potential class action suits, all of which could adversely
 affect our future growth rates. An additional consequence of
 servicing deficiencies would be the loss of our Exceptional
 Performer Designation.

 25

Table of Contents

 Because of the risks, uncertainties and conditions described
 above, there can be no assurance that we can maintain our future
 growth rates at rates consistent with our historic growth rates.

 Our
 GAAP earnings are highly susceptible to changes in interest
 rates because most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge
 accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133.

 Changes in interest rates can cause volatility in our GAAP
 earnings as a result of changes in the market value of our
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities.” Under
 SFAS No. 133, changes in derivative market values are
 recognized immediately in earnings. If a derivative instrument
 does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under
 SFAS No. 133, there is no corresponding change in the
 fair value of the hedged item recognized in earnings. As a
 result, gain or loss recognized on a derivative will not be
 offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the underlying hedged
 item. Because most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge
 accounting treatment, when interest rates change significantly,
 our GAAP earnings may fluctuate significantly.

 For a discussion of operational, market and interest rate, and
 liquidity risks, see “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — RISKS.”