LENDING
 BUSINESS SEGMENT — FFELP STUDENT LOANS

 Because
 of the new FFELP economics resulting from the College Cost
 Reduction and Access Act of 2007 and the increased funding
 spreads in the current capital markets, we have made significant
 changes to our business strategy, but there can be no assurance
 that such changes will be effective in meeting these
 challenges.

 On September 27, 2007, the College Cost Reduction and
 Access Act of 2007 (“CCRAA”) was signed into law by
 the President. The CCRAA substantially reduced the profitability
 of our FFELP business, including a reduction in Special
 Allowance Payments, the elimination of the Exceptional Performer
 designation and the corresponding reduction in default payments
 to 97 percent through 2012 and 95 percent thereafter,
 an increase in the lender paid origination fees for certain loan
 types, and reduction in default collections retention fees and
 account maintenance fees related to guaranty agency activities.
 As a result, assuming no reductions to borrower benefits or to
 our operating and servicing costs, we expect that the CCRAA will
 reduce substantially our pre-tax yield on FFELP loans. This
 reduction combined with higher financing costs resulting from
 the severe dislocations in the global capital markets, could
 possibly eliminate the profitability of new FFELP loan
 originations, while increasing our Risk Sharing in connection
 with our FFELP loan portfolio. We also expect that low-balance
 FFELP Consolidation Loans will no longer be profitable.

 As a result of these developments, management has revised its
 business strategy to:

 • 

 Focus on origination and acquisition activities for both FFELP
 loans and Private Education Loans that generate acceptable
 returns under the new FFELP economics;

 • 

 Curtail unprofitable originations that have less strategic
 value, including:

 • 

 Education loans made to certain borrowers that have or are
 expected to have a high default rate 
 (see “GLOSSARY — Private Education
 Loans”); and

 • 

 Wholesale Consolidation Loan acquisitions and low-balance FFELP
 Consolidation Loan originations.

 • 

 Adjust the pricing of Private Education Loan products to reflect
 market conditions; and

 • 

 Reduce or, over time, eliminate borrower benefits on FFELP loans.

 In addition, we have reduced the premium that we pay for FFELP
 loan volume at certain school-as-lender clients. We also
 anticipate reducing the premium that we pay for FFELP loan
 volume with certain of our lender partners. These actions are
 likely to effectively end our school-as-lender relationships and
 to result in certain of our lender partners either exiting the
 FFELP business or seeking others with whom to partner. These
 actions could also adversely affect the growth in our guarantee
 and APG collection businesses.

 We also will undertake a comprehensive review of all of our
 business units with a goal of achieving appropriate
 risk-adjusted returns across all of our business segments and
 providing cost-effective services. In addition, we aim to reduce
 our operating expenses by up to 20 percent as compared to
 2007 operating expenses by year-end 2009, before adjusting for
 growth and other investments. Since year-end 2007, as part of
 this expense reduction effort, we have reduced our work force by
 approximately three percent. Accordingly, we could lose
 management that are key to managing operational risk.

 There can be no assurance that changes we are making or may make
 in the future to address these developments will be successful
 in meeting the significant challenges of the new FFELP economics
 and the increased funding spreads in the current capital markets.

 A
 larger than expected increase in third-party consolidation
 activity may reduce our loan spreads, materially impair our
 Retained Interest, reduce our interest earning assets and
 otherwise materially adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 If third-party consolidation activity increases beyond
 management’s expectations, our student loan spread may be
 adversely affected; our Retained Interest may be materially
 impaired; our future earnings may be reduced from the loss of
 interest earning assets; and our results of operations may be
 adversely affected. Our student loan spread may be adversely
 affected because third-party consolidators generally target our
 highest yielding FFELP Loans and an increased run-off of Private
 Education Loans, which generally have higher

 22

 yields than our FFELP loans, would change the overall mix within
 our portfolio resulting in a reduction to our weighted-average
 loan spread. Our Retained Interest may be materially impaired if
 consolidation activity reaches levels not anticipated by
 management. We may also incur impairment charges if we increase
 our expected future Constant Prepayment Rate (“CPR”)
 assumptions used to value the Residual Interest as a result of
 such unanticipated levels of consolidation. The potentially
 material adverse affect on our operating results related to
 FFELP loans also relates to our hedging activities in connection
 with Floor Income. We enter into certain Floor Income Contracts
 under which we receive an upfront fee in exchange for our
 payment of the Floor Income earned on a notional amount of
 underlying FFELP Loans over the life of the Floor Income
 Contract. If third-party consolidation activity that involves
 refinancing a Sallie Mae managed existing FFELP Loan with a new
 third-party owned FFELP Loan increases substantially, then the
 Floor Income that we are obligated to pay under such Floor
 Income Contracts may exceed the Floor Income actually generated
 from the underlying FFELP loans, possibly to a material extent.
 In such a scenario, we would either close out the related Floor
 Income Contracts or purchase an offsetting hedge. In either
 case, the adverse impact on both our GAAP and “Core
 Earnings” could be material. (See “MANAGEMENT’S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT —
 Floor Income — Managed Basis.”)

 Incorrect
 estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
 adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 and the reported amounts of income and expenses.

 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 requires management to make certain critical accounting
 estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts
 of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and
 expense during the reporting periods. (See
 “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — CRITICAL
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES.”) For example, for both
 our federally insured and Private Education Loans, the
 unamortized portion of premiums and discounts is included in the
 carrying value of the student loan on the consolidated balance
 sheet. We recognize income on our student loan portfolio based
 on the expected yield of the student loan after giving effect to
 the amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of student
 loan income discounts, as well as the impact of Repayment
 Borrower Benefits. In arriving at the expected yield, we make a
 number of estimates that when changed are reflected as a
 cumulative
 catch-up
 from the inception of the student loan. The most sensitive
 estimate for premium and discount amortization is the estimate
 of the CPR, which measures the rate at which loans in the
 portfolio pay before their stated maturity. The CPR is used in
 calculating the average life of the portfolio. A number of
 factors can affect the CPR estimate such as the rate of
 consolidation activity and default rates. If we make an
 incorrect CPR estimate, the previously recognized income on our
 student loan portfolio based on the expected yield of the
 student loan will need to be adjusted in the current period.

 The amount of loan loss reserves also depends on estimates. We
 maintain an allowance for loan losses at an amount believed to
 be sufficient to absorb losses incurred in our FFELP loan and
 Private Education Loan portfolios based on estimated probable
 net credit losses as of the reporting date. We analyze those
 portfolios to determine the effects that the various stages of
 delinquency have on borrower default behavior and ultimate
 charge-off. When calculating the allowance for loan losses on
 Private Education Loans, we divide the portfolio into categories
 of similar risk characteristics based on loan program type, loan
 status (in-school, grace, repayment, forbearance, delinquency),
 underwriting criteria, existence or absence of a cosigner, and
 aging. We use historical experience coupled with qualitative
 factors regarding changes in portfolio mix, macroeconomic
 indicators, policies, procedures, laws, regulations,
 underwriting, and other factors to estimate default and
 collection rate projections. We then apply these default and
 collection rate projections to each category of loan to estimate
 the necessary allowance balance. Because the process relies on
 historical experience, if current or future loan loss experience
 varies significantly from the past, our allowance could be
 deemed inadequate to cover incurred losses in the portfolio.
 Additionally, since the allowance estimate is also reliant on
 other qualitative factors, management’s ability to
 determine which qualitative factors are relevant to the
 allowance and our ability to accurately incorporate these
 factors into our estimates can have a material impact on the
 allowance.

 23

 In addition, the impact of our Repayment Borrower Benefits
 programs, which provide incentives to borrowers to make timely
 payments on their loans by allowing for reductions in future
 interest rates as well as rebates on outstanding balances, is
 dependent on the number of borrowers who will eventually qualify
 for these benefits. For example, we offer borrowers an incentive
 program that reduces their interest rate by a specified
 percentage per year or reduces their loan balance after they
 have made a specified initial number of scheduled payments on
 time and for so long as they continue to make subsequent
 scheduled payments on time. We regularly estimate the
 qualification rates for Repayment Borrower Benefits programs and
 book a level yield adjustment based upon that estimate. If our
 estimate of the qualification rates is lower than the actual
 rates, both the yield on our student loan portfolio and our net
 interest income will be lower than estimated and a cumulative
 adjustment will be made to reduce income, possibly to a material
 extent. Such an underestimation may also adversely affect the
 value of our Retained Interest because one of the assumptions
 made in assessing its value is the amount of Repayment Borrower
 Benefits expected to be earned by borrowers. Finally, we
 continue to look at new ways to improve borrower payment
 behavior. These efforts as well as the actions of competing
 lenders may lead to the addition or modification of Repayment
 Borrower Benefits programs.

 LENDING
 BUSINESS SEGMENT — PRIVATE EDUCATION LOANS

 Changes
 in the composition of our Managed student loan portfolio will
 increase the risk profile of our asset base and our capital
 requirements.

 As of December 31, 2007, 17 percent of our Managed
 student loans were Private Education Loans. Private Education
 Loans are unsecured and are not guaranteed or reinsured under
 the FFELP or any other federal student loan program and are not
 insured by any private insurance program. Accordingly, we bear
 the full risk of loss on these loans if the borrower and
 cosigner, if applicable, default. Events beyond our control such
 as a prolonged economic downturn could make it difficult for
 Private Education Loan borrowers to meet their payment
 obligations for a variety of reasons, including job loss and
 unemployment, which could lead to higher levels of delinquencies
 and defaults. Private Education Loans now account for
 36 percent of our “Core Earnings” net interest
 income before provisions for loan losses plus other income. We
 expect that Private Education Loans will become an increasingly
 higher percentage of both our margin and our Managed student
 loan portfolio, which will increase the risk profile of our
 asset base and raise our capital requirements because Private
 Education Loans have significantly higher capital requirements
 than FFELP loans. This may adversely affect the availability of
 capital for other purposes. In addition, the comparatively
 larger spreads on Private Education Loans, which historically
 have compensated for the narrowing FFELP spreads, may narrow as
 competition increases.

 As a component of our Private Education Loan program, we made
 available to numerous schools various tailored loan programs
 that were designed to help finance the education of students who
 were academically qualified but did not meet our standard credit
 criteria. Management has recently taken specific steps to
 terminate these lending programs because the performance of
 these loans is materially different from originally expected,
 and from the rest of the Company’s Private Education Loan
 programs. In the fourth quarter of 2007, the Company recorded
 provision expense of $667 million related to its Managed
 Private Education Loan portfolio. This significant increase in
 provision primarily related to the non-traditional lending
 programs described above which are particularly impacted by the
 weakening U.S. economy. However, there can be no assurance
 that the Company’s non-traditional loans outstanding will
 not require additional significant loan provisions or have any
 further adverse effect on the overall credit quality of the
 Company’s Managed Private Education Loan portfolio.

 Past
 charge-off rates on our Private Education Loans may not be
 indicative of future charge-off rates because, among other
 things, we use forbearance policies and our failure to
 adequately predict and reserve for charge-offs may adversely
 impact our results of operations.

 We have established forbearance policies for our Private
 Education Loans under which we provide to the borrower temporary
 relief from payment of principal and/or interest in exchange for
 a processing fee paid by the borrower, which is waived under
 certain circumstances. At the end of each forbearance period,
 generally

 24

 granted in six-month increments, interest that the borrower
 otherwise would have paid is typically capitalized. At
 December 31, 2007, approximately 14 percent of our
 Managed Private Education Loans in repayment and forbearance
 were in forbearance. Forbearance is used most heavily when the
 borrower’s loan enters repayment; however, borrowers may
 apply for forbearance multiple times and a significant number of
 Private Education Loan borrowers have taken advantage of this
 option. When a borrower ends forbearance and enters repayment,
 the account is considered current. Accordingly, a borrower who
 may have been delinquent in his payments or may not have made
 any recent payments on his account will be accounted for as a
 borrower in a current repayment status when the borrower exits
 the forbearance period. In addition, past charge-off rates on
 our Private Education Loans may not be indicative of future
 charge-off rates because of, among other things, the use of
 forbearance and the effect of future changes to the forbearance
 policies. If our forbearance policies prove over time to be less
 effective on cash collections than we expect or if we limit the
 circumstances under which forbearance may be granted under our
 forbearance policies, the amount of future charge-offs could be
 materially adversely affected which could materially impact the
 ultimate default rate used to calculate loan loss reserves which
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS —
 LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT — Total Loan Net
 Charge-offs.”)

 In addition, our loss estimates include losses to be incurred
 generally over a two-year loss emergence period. The two-year
 estimate of the allowance for loan losses is subject to a number
 of assumptions about future borrower behavior that may prove
 incorrect. For example, we use a migration analysis of
 historical charge-off experience and combine that with
 qualitative measures to project future trends. However, future
 charge-off rates can be higher than anticipated due to a variety
 of factors such as downturns in the economy, regulatory or
 operational changes in asset performance management
 effectiveness, and other unforeseeable future trends. If actual
 future performance in charge-offs and delinquency is worse than
 estimated, this could materially affect our estimate of the
 allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan
 losses on our income statement.

 If a
 school with which we have a business arrangement with respect to
 student loans closes or otherwise does not provide the borrower
 the promised education, the borrower could raise the same claims
 and defenses against us as the lender as it could against the
 school. As a result, our ability to collect loan amounts could
 be materially impaired.

 The FTC Holder Rule provides that borrowers, under certain
 circumstances, may assert the same claims and defenses against
 repayment of a student loan used to finance an education at a
 school as that borrower may have against the school itself.
 Specifically, if a school with whom we have a business
 arrangement with respect to student loans closes or otherwise
 does not provide the borrower the promised education, the
 borrower could raise the same claims and defenses that the
 borrower has against the school against repayment of a student
 loan used to finance an education at that school. With the
 current dislocations in the capital markets, certain for-profit
 schools may be unable to secure lending for its students, which
 could lead to serious financial difficulties and, possibly, to
 the school closing before its students complete their education.
 In such cases, borrowers could assert claims and defenses
 against repayment of their loans from us up to the total amount
 of the loan depending upon how far along they were in their
 program of study. In addition, school closings result in an
 increase in defaults for the borrowers still in attendance at
 those schools at the time they closed and a significant increase
 in school closings could materially increase our allowance for
 loan losses.

 25

 ASSET
 PERFORMANCE GROUP BUSINESS SEGMENT

 Our
 APG business segment may not be able to purchase defaulted
 consumer receivables at prices that management believes to be
 appropriate, and a decrease in our ability to purchase
 portfolios of receivables could adversely affect our net
 income.

 If our APG business segment is not able to purchase defaulted
 consumer receivables at planned levels and at prices that
 management believes to be appropriate, we could experience
 short-term and long-term decreases in income.

 The availability of receivables portfolios at prices which
 generate an appropriate return on our investment depends on a
 number of factors both within and outside of our control,
 including the following:

 • 

 the continuation of current growth trends in the levels of
 consumer obligations;

 • 

 sales of receivables portfolios by debt owners;

 • 

 competitive factors affecting potential purchasers and credit
 originators of receivables; and

 • 

 the ability to continue to service portfolios to yield an
 adequate return.

 Because of the length of time involved in collecting defaulted
 consumer receivables on acquired portfolios and the volatility
 in the timing of our collections, we may not be able to identify
 trends and make changes in our purchasing strategies in a timely
 manner.

 LIQUIDITY
 AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 Future
 sales or issuances of our common stock may dilute the ownership
 interest of existing shareholders and depress the trading price
 of our common stock.

 Future sales or issuances of our common stock may dilute the
 ownership interests of our existing shareholders. In addition,
 future sales or issuances of substantial amounts of our common
 stock may be at prices below current market prices and may
 adversely impact the market price of our common stock. Our
 mandatory convertible preferred stock, Series C has
 dividend and liquidation preference over our common stock.

 The
 7.25 percent mandatory convertible preferred stock,
 Series C may adversely affect the market price of our
 common stock.

 The market price of our common stock is likely to be influenced
 by the 7.25 percent mandatory convertible preferred stock,
 Series C. For example, the market price of our common stock
 could become more volatile and could be depressed by:

 • 

 investors’ anticipation of the potential resale in the
 market of a substantial number of additional shares of our
 common stock received upon conversion of the 7.25 percent
 mandatory convertible preferred stock, Series C;

 • 

 possible sales of our common stock by investors who view the
 7.25 percent mandatory convertible preferred stock,
 Series C as a more attractive means of equity participation
 in us than owning shares of our common stock; and

 • 

 hedging or arbitrage trading activity that may develop involving
 the 7.25 percent mandatory convertible preferred stock,
 series C and our common stock.

 We do
 not currently pay regular dividends on our common
 stock.

 We have not paid dividends on our common stock since the
 execution of the Merger Agreement with the Buyer Group in April
 2007. While the restriction on the payment of dividends under
 the Merger Agreement has been terminated, we expect to continue
 not paying dividends in the near term in order to focus on
 balance sheet improvement and expect to re-examine our dividend
 policy in the second half of 2008. Subject to

 26

 Delaware law, our board of directors will determine the payment
 of future dividends on our common stock, if any, and the amount
 of any dividends in light of any applicable contractual
 restrictions limiting our ability to pay dividends, our earnings
 and cash flows, our capital requirements, our financial
 condition, regulatory requirements and other factors our board
 of directors deems relevant.

 There
 can be no assurance the commitments we announced that we secured
 on January 28, 2008, for $31.3 billion of
 364-day
 financing from a consortium of banks will ultimately be funded,
 or if they are not funded our credit rating will not be further
 downgraded.

 On January 28, 2008, we announced that we secured
 $31.3 billion of
 364-day
 financing from a consortium of banks led by Bank of America,
 JPMorgan Chase, Barclays Capital, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse
 and The Royal Bank of Scotland, and from UBS. The commitments
 are intended to replace the $30.0 billion asset-backed
 commercial paper conduit facilities that we entered into with
 Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase in connection with the now
 terminated Merger as well as the $6.0 billion asset-backed
 commercial paper conduit facility. Funding under the commitments
 is subject to various conditions and there can be no assurance
 that all such conditions will be satisfied. In its
 February 4, 2008 announcement that our counterparty credit
 rating was lowered to BBB-, Standard & Poor’s
 Ratings Services noted that the decision to leave us on
 CreditWatch Negative reflects that the funding of the
 commitments is still subject to various conditions and that if
 the commitments do not close our ratings could be reduced
 further.

 We are
 exposed to interest rate risk in the form of basis risk and
 repricing risk because the interest rate characteristics of our
 earning assets do not always match exactly the interest rate
 characteristics of the funding.

 Depending on economic and other factors, we may fund our assets
 with debt that has a different index
 and/or reset
 frequency than the asset, but generally only where we believe
 there is a high degree of correlation between the interest rate
 movement of the two indices. For example, we use daily reset

3-month
 LIBOR to fund a large portion of our daily reset

3-month
 commercial paper indexed assets. We also use different index
 types and index reset frequencies to fund various other assets.
 In using different index types and different index reset
 frequencies to fund our assets, we are exposed to interest rate
 risk in the form of basis risk and repricing risk, which is the
 risk that the different indices may reset at different
 frequencies, or will not move in the same direction or with the
 same magnitude. While these indices are short-term with rate
 movements that are highly correlated over a long period of time,
 there can be no assurance that this high correlation will not be
 disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not
 within our control. In such circumstances, our earnings could be
 adversely affected, possibly to a material extent. During the
 second half of 2007, the spread between

3-month
 commercial paper and

3-month
 LIBOR became very volatile and widened significantly due to the
 deterioration of the broad credit markets, which increased our
 cost of funds. This level of volatility had not been seen
 previously. We still believe there is a high level of
 correlation between

3-month
 commercial paper and

3-month
 LIBOR over the long term. In addition, we fund a limited amount
 of daily reset 3-month commercial paper, T-bill indexed and
 Prime indexed assets with auction rate securities and
 asset-backed commercial paper borrowings. Auction rate
 securities and asset-backed commercial paper borrowings do not
 reset to an explicit underlying index.

 At December 31, 2007, we had $3.3 billion of taxable
 and $1.7 billion of tax-exempt auction rate securities
 outstanding on a Managed Basis. In February 2008, an imbalance
 of supply and demand in the auction rate securities market as a
 whole led to failures of the auctions pursuant to which certain
 of our auction rate securities’ interest rates are set. As
 a result, certain of our auction rate securities bear interest
 at the maximum rate allowable under their terms. The maximum
 allowable interest rate on our $3.3 billion of taxable
 auction rate securities is generally LIBOR plus
 1.50 percent. The maximum allowable interest rate on many
 of our $1.7 billion of tax-exempt auction rate securities
 was recently amended to LIBOR plus 2.00 percent through
 May 31, 2008. After May 31, 2008, the maximum
 allowable rate on these securities will revert to a formula
 driven rate, which, if in effect as of February 28, 2008,
 would have produced various maximum rates ranging up to
 5.26 percent.

 27

 In the past, we employed reset rate note structures in
 conjunction with the issuance of certain tranches of our term
 asset-backed securities. Reset rate notes are subject to
 periodic remarketing, at which time the interest rates on the
 reset rate notes are reset. In the event a reset rate note
 cannot be remarketed on its remarketing date, the interest rate
 generally steps up to and remains LIBOR plus 0.75 percent,
 until such time as the bonds are successfully remarketed. The
 Company also has the option to repurchase the reset rate note
 upon a failed remarketing and hold it as an investment until
 such time it can be remarketed. The Company’s repurchase of
 a reset rate note requires additional funding, the availability
 and pricing of which may be less favorable to the Company than
 it was at the time the reset rate note was originally issued. As
 of December 31, 2007, on a Managed Basis, the Company had
 $2.6 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.5 billion of
 reset rate notes due to be remarketed in 2008, 2009 and 2010,
 and an additional $8.5 billion to be remarketed thereafter.

 We may
 face limited availability of financing, variation in our funding
 costs and uncertainty in our securitization
 financing.

 In general, the amount, type and cost of our funding, including
 securitization and unsecured financing from the capital markets
 and borrowings from financial institutions, have a direct impact
 on our operating expenses and financial results and can limit
 our ability to grow our assets.

 A number of factors could make such securitization and unsecured
 financing more difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any
 terms both domestically and internationally (where funding
 transactions may be on terms more or less favorable than in the
 United States), including, but not limited to, financial results
 and losses, changes within our organization, specific events
 that have an adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the
 activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital
 markets, specific events that have an adverse impact on the
 financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes
 affecting our assets, our corporate and regulatory structure,
 interest rate fluctuations, ratings agencies’ actions,
 general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
 accounting and tax environments governing our funding
 transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is
 strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and
 world economies, and may become increasingly difficult due to
 economic and other factors. Finally, we compete for funding with
 other industry participants, some of which are publicly traded.
 Competition from these institutions may increase our cost of
 funds.

 We are dependent on term asset-backed securities market for the
 long-term financing of student loans. We expect securitizations
 to provide approximately 90 percent or more of our funding
 needs in 2008. If the term asset-backed securities market were
 to experience a prolonged disruption, if our asset quality were
 to deteriorate or if our debt ratings were to be downgraded, we
 may be unable to securitize our student loans or to do so on
 favorable pricing and terms. If we were unable to continue to
 securitize our student loans at current pricing levels or on
 favorable terms, we would need to use alternative funding
 sources to fund new student loan originations and meet our other
 liquidity needs. If we were unable to find cost-effective and
 stable funding alternatives, our funding capabilities and
 liquidity would be negatively impacted and our cost of funds
 could increase, adversely affecting our results of operations
 and ability to originate student loans.

 In addition, the occurrence of certain events such as
 consolidations and reconsolidations may cause certain of our
 securitization transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled,
 which could accelerate the need for additional funding to the
 extent that we effected the refinancing.

 The
 rating agencies could downgrade the ratings on our senior
 unsecured debt, which could increase our cost of
 funds.

 Securitizations are the primary source of our long-term
 financing and liquidity. Our ability to access the
 securitization market and the ratings on our asset-backed
 securities are not directly or fully dependent upon the
 Company’s general corporate credit ratings. The Company
 also utilizes senior unsecured long-term and short-term debt,
 which is dependent upon rating agency scoring. As of
 February 28, 2008, our senior unsecured long-term debt was
 rated Baa1, BBB−, and BBB and senior unsecured short-term
 debt was rated
 P-2,

A-3 and F-3
 by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Standard and
 Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill
 Companies, Inc., and Fitch Ratings, respectively, and all three
 rating agencies ratings were under review for possible
 downgrade. If any or all of these ratings were downgraded for
 any reason, our overall cost of issuing senior unsecured debt
 could increase.

 28

 Our
 derivative counterparties may terminate their positions with the
 Company if its credit ratings fall to certain levels and the
 Company could incur substantial additional costs to replace any
 terminated positions.

 The majority of our ISDA Master Agreements provide that the
 counterparty may declare a “Termination Event” and
 terminate its positions if a “Designated Event” occurs
 and the Company’s unsecured and unsubordinated long-term
 debt rating fall to either of the pre-determined levels, which
 are typically “Baa3” for Moody’s and
 “BBB-” from S&P. For purposes of these ISDA
 Master Agreements, the execution of the Merger Agreement
 constituted a “Designated Event.” On February 4,
 2008, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services
 announced that it lowered our long-term debt rating to
 “BBB-/A-3”
 from

“BBB+/A-2.”
 Standard & Poor’s also announced that our rating
 remains on CreditWatch with negative implications. As of
 February 28, 2008, 92 percent of the counterparties
 (on a notional basis) have agreed in writing to waive their
 rights (or do not have the rights) to declare a
 “Termination Event” arising from the Company executing
 the Merger Agreement and the resulting ratings downgrade. The
 remainder of the counterparties have agreed verbally to waive
 their rights at this time. Depending upon interest rates and
 exchange rates, the Company could be liable for substantial
 payments to terminate these positions if the counterparties
 exercise their right to terminate at any point in the future. It
 would be the Company’s intent to replace any terminated
 positions with derivatives executed with other counterparties,
 however, the Company may not be able to readily replace any
 terminated positions or may incur substantial additional costs
 to do so. Our liquidity could be adversely affected by these
 additional payments and costs. In addition, prior to the recent
 ratings downgrade, we had the use of cash collateral posted by
 these counterparties. As a result of our recent ratings
 downgrade, our ability to use that cash collateral may become
 restricted. We are currently in negotiations with our
 counterparties to waive these restrictions so that use of such
 cash collateral once again becomes unrestricted. If not waived,
 these cash collateral balances will appear in the
 “Restricted cash and investments” line of our
 consolidated balance sheet.

 If our
 securitization trusts experience shortfalls on the assets which
 would result in the noteholders not receiving expected interest
 or principal payments, we may step in and make an advance to the
 trust to enable the trust to make these expected
 payments.

 The investors in our securitization trusts have no recourse to
 the Company’s other assets should there be a failure of the
 trusts to pay when due and as a result we have no obligation
 related to these securitization trusts to fund any type of
 shortfall to the bondholders. To date, there have not been any
 noteholder payment shortfalls and we currently do not expect any
 payment shortfalls. In addition, we currently do not have any
 intent to fund shortfalls that might arise. We may decide,
 however, that it is in the best interest of the Company to fund
 any such shortfall. For example, by funding any shortfalls it
 may make it more cost effective to issue new securitizations in
 the future. Funding any shortfalls would reduce the amount of
 cash and liquidity we have on balance sheet and could result in
 a loss and reduction of equity as well. In addition, if we
 funded a shortfall related to an off-balance sheet trust, we
 would re-examine our accounting treatment to determine whether
 the trust would still be considered a “Qualified Special
 Purpose Entity” under SFAS No. 140,
 “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets
 and Extinguishments of Liabilities — a Replacement of
 SFAS No. 125.” As a result, we may determine that
 we are required to consolidate that trust on our balance sheet
 as of the date we funded any shortfall. We might also conclude
 that such actions could result in consolidation of all our
 off-balance sheet trusts onto our balance sheet.

 GENERAL

 Our
 business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
 conditions, some of which are not within our control, including
 general economic conditions, increased competition, adverse
 changes in the laws and regulations that govern our businesses
 and failure to successfully identify, consummate and integrate
 strategic acquisitions.

 Our business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
 conditions, some of which we cannot control. For example, if the
 U.S. economy were to sustain a prolonged economic downturn,
 a number of our businesses — including our fastest
 growing businesses, Private Education Loan business and Asset
 Performance Group — could be adversely affected. We
 bear the full risk of loss on our portfolio of Private Education
 Loans. A prolonged economic downturn could make it difficult for
 borrowers to meet their payment

 29

 obligations for a variety of reasons, including job loss and
 underemployment. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn
 could extend the amortization period on APG’s purchased
 receivables.

 Our principal business is comprised of acquiring, originating,
 holding and servicing education loans made and guaranteed under
 the FFELP. Most significant aspects of our principal business
 are governed by the HEA. We must also meet various requirements
 of the guaranty agencies, which are private not-for-profit
 organizations or state agencies that have entered into federal
 reinsurance contracts with ED, to maintain the federal guarantee
 on our FFELP loans. These requirements establish origination and
 servicing requirements, procedural guidelines and school and
 borrower eligibility criteria. The federal guarantee of FFELP
 loans is conditioned on loans being originated, disbursed or
 serviced in accordance with ED regulations.

 If we fail to comply with any of the above requirements, we
 could incur penalties or lose the federal guarantee on some or
 all of our FFELP loans. In addition, our marketing practices are
 subject to the HEA’s prohibited inducement provision and
 our failure to comply with such regulation could subject us to a
 limitation, suspension or termination of our eligible lender
 status. Even if we comply with the above requirements, a failure
 to comply by third parties with whom we conduct business could
 result in us incurring penalties or losing the federal guarantee
 on some or all of our FFELP loans. If we experience a high rate
 of servicing deficiencies, we could incur costs associated with
 remedial servicing, and, if we are unsuccessful in curing such
 deficiencies, the eventual losses on the loans that are not
 cured could be material. Failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations could result in our liability to borrowers and
 potential class action suits, all of which could adversely
 affect our future growth rates.

 Because of the risks, uncertainties and conditions described
 above, there can be no assurance that we can maintain our future
 growth rates at rates consistent with our historic growth rates.

 Our
 GAAP earnings are highly susceptible to changes in interest
 rates because most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge
 accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133.

 Changes in interest rates can cause volatility in our GAAP
 earnings as a result of changes in the market value of our
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities.” Under
 SFAS No. 133, changes in derivative market values are
 recognized immediately in earnings. If a derivative instrument
 does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under
 SFAS No. 133, there is no corresponding change in the
 fair value of the hedged item recognized in earnings. As a
 result, gain or loss recognized on a derivative will not be
 offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the underlying hedged
 item. Because most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge
 accounting treatment, when interest rates change significantly,
 our GAAP earnings may fluctuate significantly.

 For a discussion of operational, market and interest rate, and
 liquidity risks, see “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS — RISKS.”