Our business activities involve a variety of risks. Below we
 describe the significant risk factors affecting our business.
 The risks described below are not the only risks facing
 us — other risks also could impact our business.

 Funding
 and Liquidity.

 Our
 business is affected by funding constraints in the capital
 markets and the interest rate characteristics of our earning
 assets do not always match the interest rate characteristics of
 our funding arrangements. These factors may increase the price
 of or decrease our ability to obtain liquidity as well expose us
 to basis and repricing risk.

 The capital markets have experienced and continue to experience
 a prolonged period of volatility. This volatility has had
 varying degrees of impact on most financial organizations,
 including us. These conditions have affected our access to and
 cost of capital necessary to manage and effectively operate our
 business. Additional factors that could make financing
 difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any terms include,
 but are not limited to, our financial results and losses,
 changes within our organization, events that have an adverse
 impact on our reputation, changes in the activities of our
 business partners, events that have an adverse impact on the
 financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes
 affecting our assets, corporate and regulatory actions, absolute
 and comparative interest rate changes, ratings agencies’
 actions, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
 accounting and tax environments governing our funding
 transactions. If financing becomes more difficult, expensive or
 unavailable, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 In recent years, the ongoing volatility and illiquidity of the
 capital markets has caused the U.S. Federal government to
 intervene and provide various forms of financial assistance and
 liquidity programs to numerous industries, including the student
 loan industry. Our participation in these programs provided
 significant liquidity for us at times when capital market
 alternatives were of limited availability or borrowing costs
 were otherwise excessive. Given current Federal budgetary
 constraints and recent congressional actions that have affected
 the student loan industry, there can be no assurance that these
 types of financial assistance and liquidity programs will again
 be made available if volatility and illiquidity of the capital
 markets were to increase or continue for a prolonged period of
 time.

 During 2010, we funded Private Education Loan originations
 primarily through term brokered and retail deposits raised by
 the Bank. Assets funded in this manner result in re-financing
 risk because the average term of the deposits is shorter than
 the expected term of some of the same assets. There is no
 assurance that this or other sources of funding, such as the
 term asset-backed securities market, will be available at a
 level and a cost that makes new Private Education Loan
 originations possible or profitable, nor is there any assurance
 that the loans can be re-financed at profitable margins. For
 additional discussion on regulatory and compliance risks
 relating to the Bank, see below at Item 1A “Risk
 Factors — Regulatory and Compliance.” If we were
 unable to obtain funds from which to make new Private Education
 Loans our business, financial condition and results of
 operations would be materially and adversely affected.

 The interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not
 always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding
 arrangements. This mismatch exposes us to risk in the form of
 basis risk and repricing risk. While most of such basis risks
 are hedged using interest rate swap contracts, such hedges are
 not always perfect matches and, therefore, may result in losses.
 Moreover, it may not always be possible to hedge all of our
 exposure to such basis risks. While the asset and hedge indices
 are short-term with rate movements that are typically highly
 correlated, there can be no assurance that the historically high
 correlation will not be disrupted by capital market dislocations
 or other factors not within our control. In such circumstances,
 our earnings could be adversely affected, possibly to a material
 extent. For instance, as a result of the turmoil in the capital
 markets, the historically tight spread between CP (the index
 used for many of our assets) and LIBOR (the index used for much
 of our debt) began to widen dramatically in the fourth quarter
 of 2008 resulting in substantial increases in our cost of funds.
 The spread subsequently returned to historical levels beginning
 in the third quarter of 2009 and has been stable since then.

 11

 Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction
 in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity,
 increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the markets or
 trigger obligations under certain provisions in collateralized
 arrangements. Under these provisions, counterparties may require
 us to segregate collateral or terminate certain contracts.

 Further deterioration in the economy could result in a decrease
 in demand for consumer credit and credit quality could adversely
 be affected. Higher credit-related losses and weaker credit
 quality could negatively affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations and limit funding options,
 including capital markets activity, which could also adversely
 impact our liquidity position.

 Operations.

 A
 failure of our operating systems or infrastructure, or those of
 our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business, result in
 disclosure of confidential customer information, damage our
 reputation and cause losses.

 A failure of our operating systems or infrastructure, or those
 of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business. Our
 business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor
 large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal and
 regulatory standards and our product specifications, which we
 change to reflect our business needs. As processing demands
 change and our loan portfolios grow in both volume and differing
 terms and conditions, developing and maintaining our operating
 systems and infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging and
 there is no assurance that we can adequately or efficiently
 develop and maintain such systems.

 Our loan originations and conversions and the servicing,
 financial, accounting, data processing or other operating
 systems and facilities that support them may fail to operate
 properly or become disabled as a result of events that are
 beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process
 these transactions. Any such failure could adversely affect our
 ability to service our clients, result in financial loss or
 liability to our clients, disrupt our business, result in
 regulatory action or cause reputational damage. Despite the
 plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to conduct
 business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the
 infrastructure that supports our businesses. This may include a
 disruption involving electrical, communications, internet,
 transportation or other services used by us or third parties
 with which we conduct business. Notwithstanding our efforts to
 maintain business continuity, a disruptive event impacting our
 processing locations could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and
 transmission of personal, confidential and other information in
 our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective
 measures, our computer systems, software and networks may be
 vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, malicious
 attacks and other events that could have a security impact
 beyond our control. If one or more of such events occur,
 personal, confidential and other information processed and
 stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and
 networks, could be jeopardized or otherwise interruptions or
 malfunctions in our operations could result in significant
 losses or reputational damage. We also routinely transmit and
 receive personal, confidential and proprietary information, some
 through third parties. We have put in place secure transmission
 capability, and work to ensure third parties follow similar
 procedures. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal,
 confidential or proprietary information being sent to or
 received from a customer or third party could result in legal
 liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. In the event
 personal, confidential or other information is jeopardized,
 intercepted, misused or mishandled, we may be required to expend
 significant additional resources to modify our protective
 measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or
 other exposures, and we may be subject to fines, penalties,
 litigation costs and settlements and financial losses that are
 either not insured against or not fully covered through any
 insurance maintained by us. If one or more of such events occur,
 our business, financial condition or results of operations could
 be significantly and adversely affected.

 12

 We
 continue to undertake numerous cost-cutting initiatives to
 realign and restructure our business in light of significant
 legislative changes in the past several years. Our business,
 results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
 affected if we do not effectively align our cost structure with
 our current business operations and future business
 prospects.

 In response to significant legislative changes in the past
 several years, we have undertaken and continue to undertake
 cost-cutting initiatives, including workforce reductions,
 servicing center closures, restructuring and transfers of
 business functions to new locations, enhancements to our
 web-based customer services, adoption of new procurement
 strategies and investments in operational efficiencies. Our
 business and financial condition could be adversely affected by
 these cost-cutting initiatives if cost reductions taken are so
 dramatic as to cause disruptions in our business or reductions
 in the quality of the services we provide. We may be unable to
 successfully execute on certain growth and other business
 strategies or achieve certain business goals or objectives if
 cost reductions are too dramatic. Alternatively, we may not be
 able to achieve our desired cost savings, and if that is the
 case our results of operations could be adversely affected.

 Incorrect
 estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
 adversely affect the reported assets, liabilities, income and
 expenses.

 Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection
 with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 could adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses. The
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires
 management to make certain critical accounting estimates and
 assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expense
 during the reporting periods. A description of our critical
 accounting estimates and assumptions may be found in Item 7
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates” and in
 “Note 2 — Significant Accounting
 Policies.” If we make incorrect assumptions or estimates,
 we may under- or overstate reported financial results, which
 could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Political
 and Reputational.

 The
 scope and profitability of our lending businesses remain subject
 to risks arising from legislative and administrative
 actions.

 Through the HCERA, the U.S. Congress mandated that all
 future federally guaranteed student loans be made through the
 DSLP, eliminating the FFELP. Further legislative action by
 Congress could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. For instance, the
 President’s Fiscal 2012 Budget includes a provision that
 would, for a limited period of time, incent borrowers that have
 loans with the FFELP and DSLP to move their FFELP Loans to ED.
 While such consolidations have been permitted for some time,
 incentives such as these, if such a proposal were to be
 approved, could incrementally increase the rate at which
 borrowers might otherwise have moved certain FFELP Loans to ED
 and our future estimated cash flows and profitability from our
 FFELP Loan portfolios could be detrimentally affected. Likewise,
 additional restrictions or requirements imposed on private
 student lending could increase our costs, affect our ability to
 recover loans and materially and adversely impact our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Changes
 in laws and regulations that affect the financial services
 industries generally have the potential to negatively impact our
 business and results of operations.

 As a non-bank financial institution we are often subject to laws
 and regulations related to the broader financial services
 industry. For instance, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
 Consumer Protection Act of 2010 has the potential to
 significantly increase our costs of doing business or affect our
 relative competitiveness within our industry. For a more
 detailed description of the implications of this act, see below
 at Item 1A

 13

 “Risk Factors — Regulatory and Compliance.”
 In 2010, we were anticipating the introduction of the Troubled
 Asset Relief Program (“TARP”) tax, which had the
 potential to significantly reduce our net income. The
 President’s Fiscal 2012 Budget resubmits such a tax for
 Congress’ consideration. The passage of sweeping changes to
 the legal and regulatory environments in which we operate,
 including increases in taxation or fees charged on our business,
 have the potential to materially and adversely impact our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our
 ability to continue to grow our businesses related to
 contracting with state and federal governments is partly reliant
 on our ability to remain compliant with the laws and regulations
 applicable to those contracts.

 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to
 our government contracting businesses, including our contracts
 with ED. In addition, these government contracts are subject to
 termination rights, audits and investigations. If we were found
 in noncompliance with the contract provisions or applicable laws
 or regulations, or the government exercised its termination or
 other rights for that or other reasons, our reputation could be
 negatively affected, and our ability to compete for new
 contracts could be diminished. If this were to occur, the future
 prospects, revenues and results of operations of this portion of
 our business could be negatively affected.

 Competition.

 We
 operate in a competitive environment, and our product offerings
 are primarily concentrated in loan and savings products for
 higher education.

 We compete in the private credit lending business with banks and
 other consumer lending institutions, many with strong consumer
 brand name recognition. We compete based on our products,
 origination capability and customer service. To the extent our
 competitors compete aggressively or more effectively, we could
 lose market share to them or subject our existing loans to
 refinancing risk. In addition, there is a risk that any new
 education or loan products that we introduce will not be
 accepted in the marketplace. Our product offerings may not prove
 to be profitable and may fail to offset the loss of business in
 the education credit market.

 We are a leading provider of saving- and
 paying-for-college
 products and programs. This concentration gives us a competitive
 advantage in the marketplace. This concentration also creates
 risks in our business, particularly in light of our
 concentration as a private credit lender and servicer for the
 FFELP and DSLP. If population demographics result in a decrease
 in college-age individuals, if demand for higher education
 decreases, if the cost of attendance of higher education
 decreases, if public resistance to higher education costs
 increases, or if the demand for higher education loans
 decreases, our private credit lending business could be
 negatively affected. In addition, the federal government,
 through the DSLP, poses significant competition to our private
 credit loan products. If loan limits under the DSLP increase, as
 they did in late 2007 and 2008, DSLP loans could be more widely
 available to students and parents and DSLP loan limits could
 increase, resulting in a decrease in the size of the private
 credit education loan market and lessened demand for our private
 credit education loan products.

 Credit
 and Counterparty.

 Unexpected
 and sharp changes in the overall economic environment may
 negatively impact the performance of our loan and credit
 portfolios.

 Unexpected changes in the overall economic environment may
 result in the credit performance of our loan portfolio being
 materially different from what we expect. Our earnings are
 critically dependent on the evolving creditworthiness of our
 student loan customers. We maintain a reserve for credit losses
 based on expected future charge-offs which considers many
 factors, including levels of past due loans and forbearances and
 expected economic conditions. However, management’s
 determination of the appropriate reserve level may under- or
 over-estimate future losses. If the credit quality of our
 customer base materially decreases, if a market risk changes
 significantly, or if our reserves for credit losses are not
 adequate, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could suffer.

 14

 In addition to the credit risk associated with our education
 loan customers, we are also subject to the creditworthiness of
 other third parties, including counterparties to our derivative
 transactions. For example, we have exposure to the financial
 condition of various lending, investment and derivative
 counterparties. If any of our counterparties is unable to
 perform its obligations, we could, depending on the type of
 counterparty arrangement, experience a loss of liquidity or an
 economic loss. In addition, we might not be able to cost
 effectively replace the derivative position depending on the
 type of derivative and the current economic environment, and
 thus be exposed to a greater level of interest rate
 and/or
 foreign currency exchange rate risk which could lead to
 additional losses. Our counterparty exposure is more fully
 discussed in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital
 Resources — Counterparty Exposure.” If our
 counterparties are unable to perform their obligations, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could
 suffer.

 Regulatory
 and Compliance.

 Our
 businesses are regulated by various state and federal laws and
 regulations, and our failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations may result in significant costs, sanctions,
 litigation or the loss of federal guarantees on affected FFELP
 Loans.

 Our businesses are subject to numerous state and federal laws
 and regulations and our failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations may result in significant costs, including
 litigation costs,
 and/or
 business sanctions. In addition, changes to such laws and
 regulations could adversely impact our business and results of
 operations if we are not able to adequately mitigate the impact
 of such changes.

 Our private credit lending and debt collection businesses are
 subject to regulation and oversight by various state and federal
 agencies, particularly in the area of consumer protection. Some
 state attorneys general have been active in this area of
 consumer protection regulation. We are subject, and may be
 subject in the future, to inquiries and audits from state and
 federal regulators as well as frequent litigation from private
 plaintiffs.

 The Bank is subject to state and FDIC regulation, oversight and
 regular examination. The FDIC and state regulators have the
 authority to impose fines, penalties or other limitations on the
 Bank’s operations should they conclude that its operations
 are not compliant with applicable laws and regulations. At the
 time of this filing, the Bank was the subject of a cease and
 desist order for weaknesses in its compliance function. While
 the issues addressed in the order have largely been remediated,
 the order has not yet been lifted. Our failure to comply with
 various laws and regulations or with the terms of the cease and
 desist order or to have issues raised during an examination
 could result in litigation expenses, fines, business sanctions,
 and limitations on our ability to fund our Private Education
 Loans, which are currently funded by deposits raised by the
 Bank, or restrictions on the operations of the Bank. The
 imposition of fines, penalties or other limitations on the
 Bank’s business could negatively impact our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Loans serviced under the FFELP are subject to the HEA and
 related regulations. Our servicing operations are designed and
 monitored to comply with the HEA, related regulations and
 program guidance; however ED could determine that we are not in
 compliance for a variety of reasons, including that we
 misinterpreted ED guidance or incorrectly applied the HEA and
 its related regulations or policies. Failure to comply could
 result in fines, the loss of the federal guarantees on affected
 FFELP Loans, expenses required to cure servicing deficiencies,
 suspension or termination of our right to participate as a
 servicer, negative publicity and potential legal claims. A
 summary of the FFELP, which indicates its complexity and
 frequent changes, may be found in Appendix A “Federal
 Family Education Loan Program.” The imposition of
 significant fines, the loss of federal guarantees on a material
 number of FFELP Loans, the incurrence of additional expenses
 and/or the
 loss of our ability to participate as a FFELP servicer could
 individually or in the aggregate have a material, negative
 impact on our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 Dodd-Frank
 Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of
 2010

 On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law the
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the
 “Dodd-Frank Act” or the “Act”), legislation
 to reform and strengthen supervision of the

 15

 U.S. financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act
 represents a comprehensive change to banking laws, imposing
 significant new regulation on almost every aspect of the
 U.S. financial services industry.

 The Dodd-Frank Act will result in significant new regulation in
 key areas of our business and the markets in which we operate.
 Pursuant to the Act, we and many of our subsidiaries, including
 the Bank, will be subject to regulations promulgated by a new
 consumer protection bureau housed within the Federal Reserve
 System, known as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection
 (the “Bureau”). The Bureau will have substantial power
 to define the rights of consumers and responsibilities of
 lending institutions, including our Private Education lending
 and retail banking businesses. The Bureau will not examine the
 Bank, and the Bank’s primary regulator will remain the FDIC
 and the Utah Department of Financial Institutions. The
 U.S. Treasury Department has designated July 21, 2011
 as the date upon which the Bureau will begin to exercise its
 authority. In addition, the act mandates the U.S. Secretary
 of Education to examine the private education loan market in the
 U.S. and provide a report to Congress by July 20, 2012.

 The Dodd-Frank Act also provides that the newly established
 Financial Services Oversight Council (the “FSOC”) may
 designate that certain nonbank financial companies must be
 supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
 System (the “Federal Reserve Board”) and be subject to
 enhanced prudential supervision and regulatory standards to be
 developed by the Federal Reserve Board. The FSOC may designate a
 nonbank financial company as systemically important if they find
 that material financial distress at the company — or
 its nature, scope, size, scale, concentration,
 interconnectedness, or mix of activities — could pose
 a threat to the financial stability of the United States. Such
 enhanced standards will include, among other things, risk-based
 capital and liquidity requirements, special regulatory and
 insolvency regimes, production of a resolution plan to cover
 potential insolvencies and may include such additional
 requirements on matters such as credit exposure concentrations.

 Most of the component parts of the Dodd-Frank Act will be
 subject to intensive rulemaking and public comment over the
 coming months and we cannot predict the ultimate effect the Act
 or required examinations of the private education loan market
 could have on our operations or those of our subsidiaries, such
 as the Bank, at this time. It is likely, however, that
 operational expenses will increase if new or additional
 compliance requirements are imposed on our operations and our
 competitiveness could be significantly affected if we are
 subjected to supervision and regulatory standards not otherwise
 applicable to our competitors.