Our
business activities involve a variety of risks. Below we describe the significant risk factors affecting our business. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us — other risks also could impact our business. 

Economic Environment 

Economic
conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 

Our business is always influenced by economic conditions. Economic growth in the United States remains slow and uneven. High unemployment rates and decreasing college graduation rates are two of the most
significant macroeconomic factors that could increase loan delinquencies, defaults and forbearance, or otherwise negatively affect performance of our existing education loan portfolio. Since 2009, the unemployment rate has been higher than
historical norms. In 2008, the unemployment rate was 5.8 percent, reaching a high of 9.6 percent in 2010 and declining to 8.1 percent in 2012. Forbearance programs may have the effect of delaying default emergence as customers are granted a
temporary waiver from having to make payments on their loans. If the type and amount of federal funds available to pay for a college education or refinance existing education loans increases, the volume of our new loan originations and the repayment
rates of our existing loans could be materially and adversely effected. 

Further deterioration in the economy could result in
a decrease in demand for consumer credit and credit quality could adversely be affected. Higher credit-related losses and weaker credit quality could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and limit funding
options, including capital markets activity, which could also adversely impact our liquidity position. 

Funding and Liquidity

Our business can be affected by the cost and availability of funding in the capital markets. The interest rate characteristics of
our earning assets do not always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding arrangements. These factors may increase the price of or decrease our ability to obtain liquidity necessary to maintain and grow our business.

The capital markets could experience periods of significant volatility. This volatility can dramatically and
adversely affect our financing costs when compared to historical norms. Additional factors that could make financing more expensive or unavailable include, but are not limited to, financial losses, events that have an adverse impact on our
reputation, changes in the activities of our business partners, events that have an adverse impact on the financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our assets, corporate and regulatory actions, absolute and
comparative interest rate changes, ratings agencies’ actions, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax environments governing our funding transactions. If financing becomes more difficult, expensive or
unavailable, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

During
2012, we funded Private Education Loan originations through term-brokered and retail deposits raised by the Bank. Assets funded in this manner result in re-financing risk because the average term of the deposits is shorter than the expected term of
some of the assets. There is no assurance that this or other sources of funding, such as the term asset-backed securities market, will be available at a level and cost that makes new Private Education Loan originations possible or profitable, nor is
there any assurance that the loans can be re-financed at profitable margins. For additional discussion on regulatory and compliance risks relating to the Bank, see below at Item 1A “Risk Factors — Legal, Regulatory and
Compliance.” If we were unable to obtain funds from which to make new Private Education Loans, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

15 

Table of Contents

The interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not always match the interest
rate characteristics of our funding arrangements. This mismatch exposes us to risk in the form of basis risk and repricing risk. Moreover, it may not always be possible to hedge all of our exposure to such basis risks. While the asset and hedge
indices are short-term with rate movements that are typically highly correlated, there can be no assurance that the historically high correlation will not be disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not within our control. In such
circumstances, our earnings could be adversely affected, possibly to a material extent. 

Adverse market conditions or an inability to
effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and our overall financial condition. 

We must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. We require liquidity to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day
operating expenses, extensions of credit on our Private Education Loans, required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings, and distributions to our shareholders. Our primary sources of liquidity and funding are from fees we collect for
servicing education loans, payments made on FFELP and Private Education Loans that we hold, proceeds and distributions from securitization transactions and trusts that we undertake and offerings of debt and equity securities. We may maintain too
much liquidity, which can be costly, or we may be too illiquid, which could result in financial distress during times of financial stress or capital market disruptions. 

Higher than expected prepayments of education loans could reduce servicing revenues we receive or reduce or delay payments we receive as the holder of the residual interests of securitization trusts
holding education loans. While some fluctuation in prepayment levels is to be expected, extraordinary or extended increases in prepayment levels could materially adversely affect our liquidity, income and the value of those residual interest assets.

Education loans may be voluntarily prepaid by borrowers or, in the case of FFELP Loans, may also be consolidated with
the borrowers’ other education loans through refinancing into the DSLP. FFELP Loans may also be repaid after default by the guarantors of FFELP Loans. Prepayment rates and levels are subject to many factors which are beyond our control,
including repayment through loan consolidation programs. When education loans contained within a securitization trust are prepaid the fees we earn as servicer decrease and the value of any residual interest we own in the securitization trust may
decline. If we experience significantly higher than expected prepayments, our liquidity, income and future value of assets could be materially and adversely affected. 

Operations 

A failure of our operating systems or infrastructure or a breach or
violation of law by one of the many third-party vendors we rely on to deliver services and information, including confidential customer information, to our customers could disrupt our business, result in disclosure of confidential customer
information, damage our reputation, cause significant losses and provide our competitors with an opportunity to enhance their position at our expense. We may also be exposed to litigation and regulatory risk for failure to provide proper oversight
to these third-party vendors. 

A failure of operating systems or infrastructure could disrupt our business. Our
business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal and regulatory standards and our product specifications, which change to reflect our business needs and new or revised
regulatory requirements. As processing demands change and our loan portfolios grow in both volume and differing terms and conditions, developing and maintaining our operating systems and infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging and there is
no assurance that we can adequately or efficiently develop, maintain or acquire access to such systems. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our loan originations and conversions and the servicing, financial, accounting, data
processing or other operating systems and facilities that support them may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions. Any such failure
could adversely affect our ability to service our clients, result in financial loss or liability to our clients, disrupt our business, result in regulatory action or cause reputational damage. Despite the plans and facilities we have in place, our
ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, Internet, transportation or other services used by us or
third parties with which we conduct business. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, a disruptive event impacting our processing locations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of personal, confidential and other information in our
computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, malicious attacks and other events that could have a security impact beyond
our control. Our technologies, systems, networks and those of third parties may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of
our or our customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our customers’ or other third parties’ business operations. Moreover, information security risks for large financial institutions such
as Sallie Mae have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and
activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. 

If one or more of such events
occur, personal, confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, could be jeopardized or could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations that could result in
significant losses or reputational damage. We also routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information, some through third parties. We have put in place secure transmission capability, and work to ensure third parties
follow similar procedures. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
In the event personal, confidential or other information is jeopardized, intercepted, misused or mishandled, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate
vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to fines, penalties, litigation costs and settlements and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. If one or more of
such events occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. 

We increasingly depend on third parties for a wide array of services, systems and information technology applications. Third-party
vendors are significantly involved in aspects of our software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data communication network, and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance and technology-related
services in connection with our banking and payment services businesses. We also utilize third-party debt collectors significantly in the collection of defaulted Private Education Loans. If a service provider fails to provide the services we require
or expect, or fails to meet applicable contractual or regulatory requirements, such as service levels or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers’
transactions in a timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for matters as diverse as poor vendor oversight or improper release or protection of personal
information. Such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could materially adversely affect our revenues and/or our results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

Federal funding constraints and spending policy changes triggered by associated federal spending
deadlines may result in disruption of federal payments for services we provide to the government, which could materially and adversely affect our business strategy or future business prospects. 

We receive payments from the federal government on our FFELP Loan portfolio and for other services we provide to them, including
servicing Direct Loans, default aversion and contingency collections. Funding to pay for these services may be affected by various factors, including the following: 

•

 Debt Limit: The federal government is expected to reach the statutory borrowing limit by the end of the first half of 2013 and, once the limit is
reached, the federal government will not be able to borrow to meet its payment obligations.

•

 2013 Appropriations: Congress and the Administration must address the expiration at the end of March 2013 of funding for federal government operations.

•

 Sequestration: In August 2011, Congress passed the Budget Control Act of 2011, which committed the federal government to significantly reduce the
federal deficit over ten years by $1 trillion relative to the fiscal year 2012 Administration budget submission. Under this Act, as amended, substantial automatic spending cuts, known as “sequestration,” are scheduled to be
implemented on March 1, 2013. 

•

 President’s budget: The President’s fiscal 2014 budget is expected to be released in March 2013. Previous budgets have included a number of
education lending-related initiatives, including proposed reductions in payments by ED to service providers assisting students with the rehabilitation of defaulted FFELP loans. If proposals such as these are enacted, they could be detrimental to our
business.

It is possible that the Administration and Congress could engage in a prolonged debate linking the
federal deficit, debt ceiling and other budget issues resulting in a similar debate that occurred around the Budget Control Act of 2011. If U.S. lawmakers now or in the future fail to reach agreement on these issues, the federal government could
stop or delay payment on its obligations, including those on services we provide. We cannot predict how or what programs will be impacted by any actions that Congress or the federal government may take. Further, legislation to address the
federal deficit and spending could include proposals that would adversely affect our FFELP and Direct Loan-related servicing businesses. A protracted reduction, suspension or cancellation of the demand for the services we provide, or proposed
changes to the terms or pricing of services provided under existing contracts we have with the federal government, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows, profitability and business outlook, and, as a result, could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We continue to undertake numerous cost-cutting
initiatives to realign and restructure our business in light of significant legislative changes in the past several years and the amortization of the FFELP Loan portfolios we service. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could
be adversely affected if we do not effectively align our cost structure with our current business operations, regulatory compliance obligations and future business prospects. 

In response to significant legislative changes in the past several years, including the end of FFELP, we have undertaken and continue to
undertake cost-cutting initiatives, including workforce reductions, servicing center closures, restructuring and transfers of business functions to new locations, enhancements to our web-based customer services, adoption of new procurement
strategies and investments in operational efficiencies. Our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by these cost-cutting initiatives if cost reductions taken are so dramatic as to cause disruptions in our business, reductions
in the quality of the services we provide or cause us to fail to comply with applicable regulatory standards. We may be unable to successfully execute on certain growth and other business strategies or achieve certain business goals or objectives if
cost reductions are too dramatic. Alternatively, we may not be able to achieve our desired cost savings. In either case our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

18 

Table of Contents

Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements could adversely affect the reported assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 

Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make certain critical accounting estimates and
assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting periods. A description of our critical accounting estimates and assumptions may be found in Item 7
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” and in “Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies.” If we make
incorrect assumptions or estimates, we may under- or overstate reported financial results, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce
our earnings. 

We may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses,
products, or portfolios of loans. We may not be able to identify suitable opportunities and, if not, some of our strategies could fail. We may not be able to obtain necessary financing on satisfactory terms. We may not be able obtain necessary
regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on appropriate terms. If we pay the purchase price of any acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition; if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it
could be dilutive to our shareholders. We may assume liabilities, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction, and the repayment of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We may not be able to successfully integrate personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition.
There may be additional risks if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience or the business operates in a legal, regulatory or competitive environment with which we are not familiar. We may not have or be able to maintain
the expertise needed to manage the new business. Acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. If we fail to integrate acquisitions or
investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs, and our business and financial condition may be harmed as a result. 

Competition 

We operate in a
competitive environment. Our product offerings are primarily concentrated in loan and savings products for higher education. 

We compete in the private credit lending business with banks and other consumer lending institutions, many with strong consumer brand name recognition and greater financial resources. We compete based on
our products, origination capability and customer service. To the extent our competitors compete aggressively or more effectively, we could lose market share to them or subject our existing loans to refinancing risk. Our product offerings may not
prove to be profitable and may result in higher than expected losses. 

We are a leading provider of saving- and
paying-for-college products and programs. This concentration gives us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. This concentration also creates risks in our business, particularly in light of our concentrations as a Private Education Loan lender
and as a servicer for the FFELP and DSLP. If population demographics result in a decrease in college-age individuals, if demand for higher education decreases, if the cost of attendance of higher education decreases, if public resistance to higher
education costs increases, or if the demand for higher education loans decreases, our consumer lending business could be negatively affected. In addition, the federal government, through the DSLP, poses significant competition to our

19 

Table of Contents

private credit loan products. If loan limits under the DSLP increase, DSLP loans could be more widely available to students and their families and DSLP loans could increase, resulting in further
decreases in the size of the Private Education Loan market and demand for our Private Education Loan products. 

Credit and Counterparty

Unexpected and sharp changes in the overall economic environment may negatively impact the performance of our loan and credit
portfolios. 

Unexpected changes in the overall economic environment, including unemployment, may result in the credit
performance of our loan portfolio being materially different from what we expect. Our earnings are critically dependent on the expected future creditworthiness of our student loan customers. We maintain a reserve for credit losses based on expected
future charge-offs which considers many factors, including levels of past due loans and forbearances and expected economic conditions. However, management’s determination of the appropriate reserve level may under- or over-estimate future
losses. If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if a market risk changes significantly, or if our reserves for credit losses are not adequate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.

In addition to the credit risk associated with our education loan customers, we are also subject to the creditworthiness of
other third parties, including counterparties to our derivative transactions. For example, we have exposure to the financial condition of various lending, investment and derivative counterparties. If any of our counterparties is unable to perform
its obligations, we could, depending on the type of counterparty arrangement, experience a loss of liquidity or an economic loss. In addition, we might not be able to cost effectively replace the derivative position depending on the type of
derivative and the current economic environment, and thus be exposed to a greater level of interest rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate risk which could lead to additional losses. Our counterparty exposure is more fully discussed in
Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Counterparty Exposure.” If our counterparties are unable to perform their
obligations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance 

Delays and continuing uncertainties surrounding the ultimate scope and implementation by regulators of various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act
make us unable to assess the risks and implications that implementation and enforcement of the law or related regulations applicable to our business could have on our profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future
business prospects. 

The Dodd-Frank Act contains comprehensive provisions to govern the practices and oversight of
financial institutions (including large non-bank financial institutions) and other participants in the financial markets. It imposes significant regulations on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including increased
capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage and enhanced supervisory authority, and on our various businesses. Many of the Dodd-Frank Act’s provisions have become effective but many remain subject to formal implementation by
regulatory agencies through final rulemaking. The CFPB and other financial regulators have introduced and continue to introduce new regulations and guidance, even as they impose enforcement actions against financial institutions and financial
service providers which often contain additional cautions and guidance which must be taken into consideration. Due to the uncertainty of these pending regulations, guidance and actions, we are unable to predict the nature, extent or impact of any
further changes or additions to statutes, regulations or practices. Consequently, we are also not able to estimate their ultimate impact on our financial results, business operations or strategies. We continue to believe our costs of compliance with
these evolving laws and regulations, as well as any guidance from enforcement actions, will likely continue to increase, as will the risk of penalties and fines from any enforcement actions that may be imposed on our businesses. Consequently, our
profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result. 

20 

Table of Contents

The CFPB is now exercising the full authority provided to it by the Dodd-Frank Act although much
uncertainty remains about how this authority will be implemented or utilized. A number of our businesses will likely be subject to new rules and regulations not yet proposed or finalized and we may face complaints and challenges to our practices
from the CFPB or state regulatory counterparts. 

In July 2011, responsibility for many consumer financial protection
functions formerly assigned to the federal banking and other agencies were transferred to the CFPB. The CFPB now has broad authority with respect to many of the businesses in which we engage. It has authority to write regulations under federal
consumer financial protection laws, and to directly or indirectly enforce those laws and examine financial institutions for compliance. Moreover, the CFPB has examination and enforcement authority with respect to certain federal consumer financial
laws for some providers of consumer financial products and services, including the Bank. It is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer
complaints, request data and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. The CFPB has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices and to ensure that all consumers have access to
fair, transparent and competitive markets for consumer financial products and services. The review of products and practices to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive conduct will be a continuing focus of the CFPB and banking regulators more broadly.
The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain, but it has resulted in, and could continue to result in, changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight,
supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. 

The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes state
officials to enforce regulations issued by the CFPB and to enforce the Dodd-Frank Act’s general prohibition against unfair, deceptive or abusive practices, and makes it more difficult than in the past for federal financial regulators to declare
state laws that differ from federal standards preempted. To the extent states enact requirements that differ from federal standards or state officials and courts adopt interpretations of federal consumer laws that differ from those adopted by the
CFPB, our compliance costs could increase and reduce our ability to offer the same products and services to consumers nationwide and we may be subject to a higher risk of state enforcement actions. 

The scope and profitability of our businesses remain subject to risks arising from legislative and administrative actions. We
cannot estimate the timing, method of implementation or likelihood of passage of any of the Congressional or administrative proposals that may affect our businesses, nor anticipate their ultimate content. However, the adoption and implementation of
any such proposals, individually or in combination, could significantly increase our costs, affect our ability to service and collect loans, significantly alter whether or not we remain in certain businesses and the form in which we do so and
materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Private Education
Loans 

The CFPB’s July 2012 Report on this industry provided a number of recommendations including mandatory school
certification that loan amounts not exceed student need, reconsideration by Congress of federal Bankruptcy Code’s treatment of Private Education Loans and determine if more and better information is needed to inform consumer decision-making and
lender underwriting. In the future Congress or the Administration may act on these recommendations or choose to take actions beyond or unrelated to the CFPB’s recommendations to further regulate the Private Education Loan market or dictate the
terms and conditions applicable to Private Education Loans. The taking of any such actions may adversely impact the profitability and growth of our business and/or significantly alter the costs and manner in which we choose to conduct this business.

FFELP Loans and FFELP-Related Services 

Despite the end of FFELP, Congress, ED and the Administration still exercise significant authority over the servicing and administration of existing FFELP Loans. Because of the ongoing uncertainty around
efforts to 

21 

Table of Contents

reduce the federal budget deficit, the timing, method and manner of implementation of various education lending initiatives has become less predictable. For example, in early 2012 the
Administration by executive authority implemented a Special Direct Consolidation Loan Initiative, which had initially been included in the Administration’s 2011 budget not passed by Congress. This initiative provided a temporary incentive to
certain borrowers to consolidate their FFELP Loans into the DSLP program by providing interest rate reductions on FFELP loans eligible for consolidation. This program ended on June 30, 2012. Approximately $5 billion of our loans were
consolidated to ED in 2012 under this initiative. The President’s fiscal 2014 budget is expected to be released in March. Previous budgets included a number of education lending-related initiatives, including a proposed reduction in
payments by ED to service providers assisting students with the rehabilitation of defaulted FFELP Loans. If proposals such as these are included in the 2014 budget and passed by Congress, they have the potential to reallocate federal funding
and appropriations in ways that could be detrimental to our businesses. 

For additional information on the potential
implications of Congressional and Administration actions with respect to federal budget funding generally, see Item 1A “Risk Factors — Operations — Federal funding constraints and spending policy changes triggered by associated
federal spending deadlines may result in disruption of federal payments for services we provide to the government, which could materially and adversely affect our business strategy or future business prospects.” 

Consumer Banking 

Banks chartered as industrial banks under various state laws have long been statutorily exempt from the requirements of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”). Our Bank is
an industrial bank chartered under the laws of the state of Utah, regulated by the UDFI and the FDIC, and whose deposits are insured by the FDIC. Various federal banking authorities, including the FRB and the FDIC, as well as members of Congress,
have frequently objected to the continuation of the statutory exemption of industrial banks from the BHCA and the FDIC has, from time to time, voluntarily placed moratoriums on accepting new applications for federal deposit insurance by industrial
banks. The Dodd-Frank Act statutorily placed a moratorium on the approval of new applications for federal deposit insurance and on certain changes in control of existing industrial banks. This moratorium will expire in July 2013. We have no way of
knowing whether this statutory moratorium will be further extended legislatively by Congress or administratively by the FDIC or whether its expiration will lead to reconsideration and revisions to the manner in which industrial banks are regulated.
If the industrial bank exemption to the BHCA were to be repealed, the costs of SLM Corporation becoming and remaining compliant with the provisions of the BHCA, including the new minimum capital requirements imposed on us at the consolidated level,
would be material. If the BHCA were determined to be applicable to SLM Corporation it would become subject to the same prudential and regulatory standards described below applicable to bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in consolidated
assets. Being subjected to these requirements would have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The FSOC could designate SLM Corporation as a systemically important non-bank financial company to be supervised by the FRB. Designation of SLM
Corporation as a so-called “SIFI” would impose significant additional statutorily–defined monitoring and compliance regimes on our business and could significantly increase the levels of risk-based capital and highly liquid assets we
are required to hold. Required implementation of some or all of the measures currently proposed by the FRB to be applicable to SIFIs would have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As directed by the Dodd-Frank Act, on April 3, 2012, FSOC approved the final rule and interpretive guidance regarding the
designation of non-bank financial companies as SIFIs. If designated as a SIFI, a non-bank financial company will be supervised by the FRB and be subject to enhanced prudential supervision and regulatory standards. The new rule sets forth a
three-stage determination process for designating non-bank SIFIs. In Stage 1, FSOC would apply a set of uniform quantitative criteria to determine the non-bank financial companies that will be subject to further evaluation. Based on its financial
condition as of December 31, 2012, SLM Corporation would meet the criteria in Stage 1 and would be subject to further evaluation by FSOC in the SIFI determination process. Because Stages 2 and 3 involve qualitative judgment by FSOC, we cannot
predict 

22 

Table of Contents

whether SLM Corporation will be designated as a SIFI under the rule. For a further discussion of our belief as to the limited risk SLM Corporation poses to the financial stability of the United
States, see Item 1 “Business — Supervision and Regulation — Regulatory Outlook — Regulation of Systemically Important Non-Bank Financial Companies.” 

In December 2011, the FRB proposed enhanced prudential supervisory and regulatory standards that would require bank holding companies
with $50 billion or more in consolidated assets, as well as SIFIs, to, among other things: 

•

 Have a minimum Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio of 5 percent and under stressed conditions pursuant to the FRB’s capital plan rule,
meet the bank regulatory capital and leverage requirements applicable to bank holding companies, subject to any case-by-case exceptions as the FRB might approve; 

•

 Comply with formal regulatory liquidity standards and hold highly liquid assets on hand sufficient to survive a projected 30-day liquidity stress
event; 

•

 Be subject to new liquidity risk management and governance requirements, approval of liquidity risk models, and implementation of liquidity monitoring
and compliance regimes; 

•

 Employ a chief risk officer to report directly to the chief executive officer and maintain a designated risk committee of the Board of Directors;

•

 Be subject to periodic company and FRB-run supervisory stress tests; and 

•

 Periodically report to the FDIC and FRB on plans for rapid and orderly resolution of company affairs in the event of a material financial distress or
failure. 

We are not currently subject to consolidated capital requirements though we maintain significantly
higher capital levels against our Private Education Loans. Unless an exception were made to recognize the unique, federally insured nature of FFELP Loans, if we were designated as a SIFI or a bank holding company with $50 billion or more in
consolidated assets, our capital requirements would significantly increase. While we maintain our own contingency funding plans and conduct our own internal periodic stress tests, we have never been subject to an FRB supervised stress test nor have
we developed a plan for orderly resolution of the scope and magnitude currently being demanded of large bank holding companies. Complying with these measures and implementing any or all of these monitoring and compliance requirements could
significantly increase our cost of doing business and the levels of capital and liquidity we are required to hold and, consequently, have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our businesses are regulated by various state and federal laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may
result in significant costs, sanctions, litigation or the loss of insurance and guarantees on affected FFELP Loans. 

Our businesses are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations
may result in significant costs, including litigation costs, and/or business sanctions. In addition, changes to such laws and regulations could adversely impact our business and results of operations if we are not able to adequately mitigate the
impact of such changes. 

Our consumer lending and debt collection businesses are subject to regulation and oversight by
various state and federal agencies, particularly in the area of consumer protection. In addition, in October 2012, the CFPB issued its final debt collection larger participation rule and examination procedures that will allow the CFPB to federally
supervise larger consumer debt collectors for the first time, including our collection subsidiaries. Some state attorneys general continue to be active in this area of consumer protection regulation. We are subject, and may be subject in the future,
to inquiries and audits from state and federal regulators as well as frequent litigation from private plaintiffs. 

23 

Table of Contents

The Bank is subject to state and FDIC regulation, oversight and regular examination,
including by the CFPB. The FDIC and state regulators have the authority to impose fines, penalties or other limitations on the Bank’s operations should they conclude that its operations are not compliant with applicable laws and regulations. At
the time of this filing, the Bank is subject to a cease and desist order for weaknesses in its compliance function. While we believe the issues addressed in the order have largely been remediated, the order has not yet been lifted. Our failure to
comply with various laws and regulations or with the terms of the cease and desist order or to have issues raised during an examination could result in litigation expenses, fines, business sanctions, and limitations on our ability to fund our
Private Education Loans, which are currently funded by deposits raised by the Bank, or restrictions on the operations of the Bank. The imposition of fines, penalties or other limitations on the Bank’s business could materially and adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Loans serviced under the FFELP are subject to the HEA and
related regulations. Our servicing operations are designed and monitored to comply with the HEA, related regulations and program guidance; however, ED could determine that we are not in compliance for a variety of reasons, including that we
misinterpreted ED guidance or incorrectly applied the HEA and its related regulations or policies. Failure to comply could result in fines, the loss of the insurance and related federal guarantees on affected FFELP Loans, expenses required to cure
servicing deficiencies, suspension or termination of our right to participate as a servicer, negative publicity and potential legal claims. A summary of the FFELP may be found in Appendix A “Federal Family Education Loan Program.” The
imposition of significant fines, the loss of the insurance and related federal guarantees on a material number of FFELP Loans, the incurrence of additional expenses and/or the loss of our ability to participate as a FFELP servicer could individually
or in the aggregate have a material, negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our ability to
continue to grow our businesses related to contracting with state and federal governments is partly reliant on our ability to remain compliant with the laws and regulations applicable to those contracts. 

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to our government contracting businesses, including our contracts with ED. In
addition, these government contracts are subject to termination rights, audits and investigations. If we were found in noncompliance with the contract provisions or applicable laws or regulations, or the government exercised its termination or other
rights for that or other reasons, our reputation could be negatively affected, and our ability to compete for new contracts could be diminished. If this were to occur, the future prospects, revenues and results of operations of this portion of our
business could be negatively affected. 

Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.

Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established
processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, control and report the types of risk to which we are subject. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting
requirements. Management of risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. If the models that we use to mitigate these risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. In addition, there may be risks that
exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.