The Company faces a variety of significant risks that are
 inherent in our business. Risks that affect the Company may be
 grouped into the following categories: financial and funding,
 credit, operations, legislation and regulation, and market
 competition. Some of the more important risk factors that affect
 our business are described below.

 Our
 business continues to be affected by the significant funding
 constraints in the credit market, dependence on various
 government funding sources, and higher and more volatile funding
 costs, both in absolute terms and relative to competing market
 instruments.

 2008 was an extraordinarily disruptive year for the
 financial services sector. Tremendous volatility in the credit
 markets and significant declines in values affected all asset
 classes, including FFELP assets, which are no less than
 97 percent guaranteed by the federal government. The
 disruption in the credit markets and legislative changes in the
 economics of the FFELP resulted in challenges for the Company to
 fund new loans at positive spreads and re-finance our existing
 portfolio.

 The Company was able to meet the demand for new loan
 originations under the FFELP through funding and liquidity
 programs established by the federal government. Several of these
 programs are described in the “LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
 RESOURCES” section of this
 Form 10-K.
 These programs are not permanent and may not be extended upon
 their expiration dates. While the Company expects a
 normalization of market conditions, there is no assurance that
 the credit markets over time will return to a level that makes
 FFELP loan originations available or profitable beyond the time
 these programs are presently scheduled to end.

 FFELP loans originated under the government programs mentioned
 above must be re-financed by the Company or sold to the
 government by a date determined under the terms of the programs.
 There is no assurance that the credit markets will return to a
 level that makes re-financing of these loans available or
 profitable before that date. If this is the case, the Company
 may sell these loans to the government, which at the current
 time could result in the loss of income associated with the
 ownership and servicing of the loans in the future.

 Since the market disruptions began, the Company has funded
 private, non-federally guaranteed loan originations through term
 brokered deposits raised by Sallie Mae Bank. While this
 brokered-deposit funding market has been functioning well, there
 may be an ultimate limit to the size of this market for Sallie
 Mae Bank. Also, this source of funding creates certain
 re-financing risks because the average term of the deposits is
 shorter than the expected term of the Bank’s loan assets
 the deposits are funding. There is no assurance that this source
 of funding will continue to be available at a level and a cost
 that makes new private credit loan originations possible or
 profitable, nor is there any assurance that the loans can be
 re-financed at profitable margins. If deposit funding is not
 available at profitable levels, the origination of our Private
 Education Loans will be limited.

 Recent market conditions have reduced our access to and
 increased the cost of borrowing for student loan asset-backed
 securities. If the government programs mentioned were to prove
 ineffective or were terminated and if alternative funding
 sources were not available, the Company may be compelled to
 reduce or suspend the origination of new loans. If we were
 unable to find cost-effective and stable funding alternatives,
 our funding and liquidity would be negatively impacted and our
 cost of funds could increase, adversely affecting our results of
 operations.

 The Company expects that current market conditions will not
 always persist and that access to market funding will eventually
 improve and become less volatile. Even upon the expected
 normalization of the capital markets, however, the Company will
 be exposed to typical financing risks. Factors that could make
 financing difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any terms
 include, but are not limited to, financial results and losses of
 the Company, changes within our organization, events that have
 an adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the activities
 of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets,
 events that have an adverse impact on the financial services
 industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our
 assets, corporate and regulatory actions, absolute and
 comparative interest rate changes, ratings agencies’
 actions, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
 accounting and tax environments governing our funding
 transactions.

 13

Table of Contents

 At some time, the Company may decide that it is prudent or
 necessary to raise additional equity capital through the sale of
 common stock, preferred stock, or securities that convert into
 common stock. There are no restrictions on entering into the
 sale of any equity securities in either public or private
 transactions, except that any private transaction involving more
 than 20 percent of shares outstanding requires shareholder
 approval. Under current market conditions, the terms of an
 equity transaction may subject existing security holders to
 potential subordination or dilution and may involve a change in
 governance.

 The
 interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not
 always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding
 arrangements. This mismatch exposes us to risk in the form of
 basis risk and repricing risk.

 The Company’s funding sources do not exactly match the
 interest rate indices, re-set frequencies, and maturities of the
 Company’s loan assets. While most of such basis risks are
 hedged using interest rate swap contracts, such hedges are not
 always perfect matches and, therefore, may result in losses.
 While the asset and hedge indices are short-term with rate
 movements that are typically highly correlated, there can be no
 assurance that the historically high correlation will not be
 disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not
 within our control. For instance, the spread between
 3-month CP
 and 
3-month
 LIBOR was unusually volatile and wide in the fourth quarter of
 2008 due to the unintended consequences of the Federal
 Reserve’s operations in the CP market. In such
 circumstances, our earnings could be adversely affected,
 possibly to a material extent.

 The
 rating agencies could downgrade our ratings, which could limit
 our access to financing, increase the cost of financing or
 trigger obligations under collateralized financing
 arrangements.

 Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity, particularly
 in times when the asset-backed securitization market is
 uncertain. A reduction in our credit ratings could adversely
 affect our liquidity, increase our borrowing costs, limit our
 access to the markets or trigger obligations under certain
 provisions in collateralized arrangements. Under these
 provisions, counterparties may require us to post additional
 collateral, segregate collateral or terminate certain contracts.
 Termination of our collateralized financing contracts could
 cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by
 necessitating the use of other sources of financing.

 There
 is no assurance that the ABCP Facility of $26 billion, as
 described in the “LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES”
 section, which has a scheduled maturity date of April 28,
 2009, will be extended on cost effective terms.

 As reported on February 2, 2009, the Company and the
 parties to the $26 billion ABCP Facility that provides
 funding for the Company’s federally-guaranteed student
 loans and private education loans agreed to extend the Facility
 by 60 days. The new scheduled maturity date of the Facility
 is April 28, 2009 and the new scheduled termination date is
 July 27, 2009. There can be no assurance that the Company
 will be able to cost-effectively refinance the Facility.
 Furthermore, foreclosure on the student loans securing the
 Facility might occur if we were not able to refinance the
 Facility at all. Either event could adversely affect the
 operations, capital and compliance with other debt/lender
 covenants of the Company.

 Unexpected
 and sharp changes in the overall economic environment may result
 in the credit performance of our loan portfolio being materially
 different from what we expect. In addition, the Company is also
 subject to the creditworthiness of counterparties to our
 derivative contracts.

 The Company’s earnings are critically dependent on the
 evolving creditworthiness of our student loan customers. We
 maintain a reserve for credit losses based on current and past
 charge-offs, levels of past due loans and forbearances and
 expected economic conditions. However, management’s
 determination of the appropriate reserve level may under- or
 over-estimate future losses. If the credit quality of our
 customer base materially decreases, if a market risk changes
 significantly, or if our reserves for credit losses are not
 adequate, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could suffer.

 In addition to customer credit risk, we are exposed to other
 forms of credit risk, including counterparties to our derivative
 transactions. For example, the Company has exposure to the
 financial condition of its various

 14

Table of Contents

 lending, investment and derivative counterparties. If any of the
 Company’s counterparties is unable to perform its
 obligations, the Company would, depending on the type of
 counterparty arrangement, experience a loss of liquidity or an
 economic loss. In addition, related to derivative exposure, the
 Company may not be able to cost effectively replace the
 derivative position depending on the type of derivative and the
 current economic environment. If the Company was not able to
 replace the derivative position, the Company may be exposed to a
 greater level of interest rate
 and/or
 foreign currency exchange rate risk which could lead to
 additional losses. The Company’s counterparty exposure is
 more fully discussed herein in “LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
 RESOURCES — Counterparty Exposure.”

 Our
 businesses are regulated by state and federal laws and
 regulations and our failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations may result in significant costs or business
 sanctions.

 The Company is subject to numerous state and federal laws and
 regulations. Loans originated and serviced under the FFELP are
 subject to legislative and regulatory changes. A summary of the
 program, which indicates its complexity and frequent changes,
 may be found in APPENDIX A, “FEDERAL FAMILY EDUCATION
 LOAN PROGRAM” of this
 Form 10-K.
 We continually update our FFELP loan originations and servicing
 policies and procedures and our systems technologies, provide
 training to our staff and maintain quality control over
 processes through compliance reviews and internal and external
 audits. We are at risk, however, for misinterpretation of ED
 guidance and incorrect application of ED regulations and
 policies, which could result in fines, the loss of the federal
 guarantee on FFELP loans, or limits on our participation in the
 FFELP.

 Our private credit lending and debt collection business are
 subject to regulation and oversight by various state and federal
 agencies, particularly in the area of consumer protection
 regulation. Various state attorneys general have been active in
 this area of consumer protection. We are subject, and may be
 subject in the future, to inquiries and audits from state and
 federal regulators. Sallie Mae Bank is subject to state and FDIC
 regulation and at the time of this filing, was the subject of a
 cease and desist order for weaknesses in its compliance
 function. While the issues addressed in the order have largely
 been remediated, the action has not yet been lifted. We have
 committed resources to enhance our compliance function. Our
 failure to comply with various laws and regulations or with the
 terms of the cease and desist order could result in litigation
 expenses, fines, business sanctions, limitations on our ability
 to fund our Private Education Loans, which are currently funded
 by term deposits issued by Sallie Mae Bank, or restrictions on
 the operations of Sallie Mae Bank.

 A
 failure of our operational systems or infrastructure, or those
 of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business, result
 in disclosure of confidential customer information, damage our
 reputation and cause losses.

 Our business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor,
 on a daily basis, a large number of transactions. These
 transactions must be processed in compliance with legal and
 regulatory standards and our product specifications, which we
 change to reflect our business needs. As processing demands
 change and grow, developing and maintaining our operational
 systems and infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging. Our
 reduction in operating expenses and off-shoring of certain
 processes has also increased challenges in maintaining accurate
 and efficient operations.

 Our loan originations and servicing, financial, accounting, data
 processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to
 operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that
 are beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to
 process these transactions. Any such failure could adversely
 affect our ability to service our clients, result in financial
 loss or liability to our clients, disrupt our business, result
 in regulatory action or cause reputational damage.

 Despite the plans and facilities we have in place, our ability
 to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in
 the infrastructure that supports our businesses. This may
 include a disruption involving electrical, communications,
 internet, transportation or other services used by us or third
 parties with which we conduct business. Notwithstanding our
 efforts to maintain business continuity, a disruptive event
 impacting our processing locations could negatively affect our
 business.

 15

Table of Contents

 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and
 transmission of confidential and other information in our
 computer systems and networks. Although we take protective
 measures, our computer systems, software and networks may be
 vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other
 malicious code and other events that could have a security
 impact. If one or more of such events occur, this could
 jeopardize confidential and other information processed and
 stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and
 networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in
 our operations which could result in significant losses or
 reputational damage. We may be required to expend significant
 additional resources to modify our protective measures or to
 investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures,
 and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that
 are either not insured against or not fully covered through any
 insurance maintained by us.

 We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and
 proprietary information. We have put in place secure
 transmission capability, and may not be able to ensure secure
 transmissions and we may not be able to ensure that third
 parties with whom we work have appropriate controls in place to
 protect the confidentiality of the information. An interception,
 misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary
 information being sent to or received from a customer or third
 party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and
 reputational harm.

 Incorrect
 estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the
 preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
 adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 and the reported amounts of income and expenses.

 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 requires management to make certain critical accounting
 estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts
 of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and
 expense during the reporting periods. A description of our
 critical accounting estimates and assumptions may be found in
 “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — CRITICAL
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES” in this
 Form 10-K.
 If we make incorrect assumptions or estimates, we may under- or
 overstate reported financial results, which could result in
 actual results being significantly different than current
 estimates which could adversely affect our business.

 Changes
 in laws and regulations that affect the FFELP in particular and
 consumer lending in general could affect the profitability of
 our business.

 The FFELP portion of our business is authorized under the HEA,
 which is amended by Congress from time to time. ED administers
 the FFELP and modifies its guidance from time to time. We are
 also subject to various state and federal laws and regulations
 that govern our private credit lending and debt collection
 businesses.

 Changes in laws and regulations that govern our businesses
 affect the profitability and viability of our businesses. For
 example, amendments made to the HEA in 2007 significantly
 reduced the profitability of our FFELP business. Also, the
 Administration’s budget for the 2010 fiscal year, submitted
 to Congress on February 26, 2009, includes proposals that
 could impact significantly the FFELP. It is possible that future
 changes in laws and regulations could negatively impact our
 ability to grow and be profitable. The Administration’s
 budget request and the current economic environment may make
 legislative changes more likely, making this risk to our
 business greater.

 We
 operate in a competitive environment.

 The financial services industry is highly competitive. We
 compete with banks and other consumer lending institutions, many
 with strong consumer brand name recognition. The market for
 federally-guaranteed student loans is shared among the Company
 and other private sector lenders who participate in the FFELP
 and the federal government through the FDLP. We compete based on
 our products and customer service. To the extent our competitors
 compete aggressively or more effectively, we could lose market
 share to them.

 16

Table of Contents

 Our
 product offerings are primarily concentrated in loan and savings
 products for higher education expenses. This concentration is
 both a competitive advantage and a risk.

 We are a leading provider of saving- and
 paying-for-college
 products and programs. This concentration gives us a competitive
 advantage in the market place. This concentration also creates
 risks in our business, particularly in light of our
 concentration as a FFELP lender. If population demographics
 result in a decrease in college-age individuals, if demand for
 higher education decreases, the cost of attendance of higher
 education decreases, if public support for higher education
 costs increases, or if the demand for higher education loans
 decreases or increases from one product to another, our business
 could be negatively affected. In addition, if we introduce new
 education loan products, there is a risk that those new products
 will not be accepted in the marketplace. Because we are not a
 diversified financial services company, we would not have other
 product offerings to offset any loss of business in the
 education credit market.

 We may
 be adversely affected by deterioration in economic
 conditions.

 A recession or downturn in the economy could make it difficult
 for us to originate new business, given the resultant reduced
 demand for consumer credit. Credit quality may also be impacted
 as borrowers may fail to meet their obligations. Adverse
 economic conditions may result in declines in collateral values.
 Accordingly, higher credit-related losses could impact our
 financial position. In addition, weaker credit quality could
 limit funding options, including capital markets activity, which
 could adversely impact the Company’s liquidity position.