Our business activities involve a variety of risks. Below we describe the significant risk factors affecting our business. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us — other
risks also could impact our business. 

11 

Table of Contents

Funding and Liquidity. 

Our business can be affected by the cost and availability of funding in the capital markets. The interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not always match the interest rate
characteristics of our funding arrangements. These factors may increase the price of or decrease our ability to obtain liquidity necessary to maintain and grow our business. 

The capital markets continue to experience periods of significant volatility. This volatility can dramatically and adversely affect our
financing costs when compared to historical norms. Additional factors that could make financing more expensive or unavailable include, but are not limited to, financial losses, events that have an adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the
activities of our business partners, events that have an adverse impact on the financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our assets, corporate and regulatory actions, absolute and comparative interest rate changes,
ratings agencies’ actions, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax environments governing our funding transactions. If financing becomes more difficult, expensive or unavailable, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

During 2011, we funded Private Education Loan
originations through term-brokered and retail deposits raised by the Bank. Assets funded in this manner result in re-financing risk because the average term of the deposits is shorter than the expected term of some of the assets. There is no
assurance that this or other sources of funding, such as the term asset-backed securities market, will be available at a level and a cost that makes new Private Education Loan originations possible or profitable, nor is there any assurance that the
loans can be re-financed at profitable margins. For additional discussion on regulatory and compliance risks relating to the Bank, see below at Item 1A “Risk Factors — Regulatory and Compliance.” If we were unable to obtain
funds from which to make new Private Education Loans, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

The interest rate characteristics of our earning assets do not always match the interest rate characteristics of our funding arrangements. This mismatch exposes us to risk in the form of basis risk and
repricing risk. Moreover, it may not always be possible to hedge all of our exposure to such basis risks. While the asset and hedge indices are short-term with rate movements that are typically highly correlated, there can be no assurance that the
historically high correlation will not be disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors not within our control. In such circumstances, our earnings could be adversely affected, possibly to a material extent. 

Further deterioration in the economy could result in a decrease in demand for consumer credit and credit quality could adversely be
affected. Higher credit-related losses and weaker credit quality could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and limit funding options, including capital markets activity, which could also adversely impact our
liquidity position. 

Downgrades of the credit rating of the United States of America may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In August 2011, Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services
(“S&P”) lowered the long-term sovereign credit rating of the United States to AA+ from AAA with negative outlook, stating that its action was based on S&P’s view on the rising public debt burden and perception of greater
policymaking uncertainty. 

If the U.S.’s credit rating were to be further downgraded: (i) our cost of funds on new
asset-backed securities (“ABS”), as well as certain existing ABS and conduit facilities collateralized with FFELP Loans (“FFELP ABS”) could increase; (ii) we could be required to increase the amount of over-collateralization
associated with newly issued ABS and existing conduit facilities particularly to maintain the AAA credit ratings traditionally associated with FFELP ABS offerings and facilities; and (iii) our ability to access and/or maintain existing conduit
facilities and to efficiently sell or refinance loans previously funded through these vehicles could be adversely affected. 

12 

Table of Contents

Operations. 

Given the highly competitive markets in which we operate, a failure of our operating systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business, result in disclosure
of confidential customer information, damage our reputation, cause significant losses and provide our competitors an opportunity to enhance their position at our expense. 

A failure of our operating systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors, could disrupt our business. Our business is
dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal and regulatory standards and our product specifications, which we change to reflect our business needs. As processing demands change and our
loan portfolios grow in both volume and differing terms and conditions, developing and maintaining our operating systems and infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging and there is no assurance that we can adequately or efficiently develop and
maintain such systems. 

Our loan originations and conversions and the servicing, financial, accounting, data processing or
other operating systems and facilities that support them may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions. Any such failure could
adversely affect our ability to service our clients, result in financial loss or liability to our clients, disrupt our business, result in regulatory action or cause reputational damage. Despite the plans and facilities we have in place, our ability
to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, internet, transportation or other services used by us or third
parties with which we conduct business. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, a disruptive event impacting our processing locations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of personal, confidential and other information in our
computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, malicious attacks and other events that could have a security impact beyond
our control. If one or more of such events occur, personal, confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, could be jeopardized or could cause interruptions or malfunctions in
our operations that could result in significant losses or reputational damage. We also routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information, some through third parties. We have put in place secure transmission
capability, and work to ensure third parties follow similar procedures. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal
liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. In the event personal, confidential or other information is jeopardized, intercepted, misused or mishandled, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective
measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to fines, penalties, litigation costs and settlements and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any
insurance maintained by us. If one or more of such events occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. 

We continue to undertake numerous cost-cutting initiatives to realign and restructure our business in light of significant legislative changes in the past several years. Our business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we do not effectively align our cost structure with our current business operations and future business prospects. 

In response to significant legislative changes in the past several years, we have undertaken and continue to undertake cost-cutting
initiatives, including workforce reductions, servicing center closures, restructuring and transfers of business functions to new locations, enhancements to our web-based customer services, adoption of new procurement strategies and investments in
operational efficiencies. Our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by these cost-cutting initiatives if cost reductions taken are so dramatic as to cause 

13 

Table of Contents

disruptions in our business or reductions in the quality of the services we provide. We may be unable to successfully execute on certain growth and other business strategies or achieve certain
business goals or objectives if cost reductions are too dramatic. Alternatively, we may not be able to achieve our desired cost savings, and if that is the case our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could adversely
affect the reported assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 

Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in
connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires management to make certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting periods. A description of our
critical accounting estimates and assumptions may be found in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” and in
“Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies.” If we make incorrect assumptions or estimates, we may under- or overstate reported financial results, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Political and Reputational. 

The scope and profitability of our lending businesses remain subject to risks arising from legislative and administrative actions. 

Through the HCERA, the U.S. Congress mandated that all future federal student loans be made through the DSLP, eliminating the FFELP.
Further legislative action by Congress could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, during the fourth-quarter 2011, the Administration announced a Special Direct Consolidation Loan Initiative that
provides a temporary incentive to borrowers who have at least one student loan owned by ED and at least one held by a FFELP lender to consolidate the FFELP lender’s loans into the DSLP program by providing a 0.25 percentage point interest rate
reduction on the FFELP loans that are eligible for consolidation. We currently do not foresee the initiative having a significant impact on our FFELP Loans segment. However, the initiative is an example of how the Administration and Congress could
detrimentally affect future estimated cash flows and profitability from our FFELP Loan portfolios through their actions. Likewise, additional restrictions or requirements imposed on Private Education lending could increase our costs, affect our
ability to service and collect loans and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to continue to grow our businesses related to contracting with state and federal governments is partly reliant on our ability to remain
compliant with the laws and regulations applicable to those contracts. 

We are subject to a variety of laws and
regulations related to our government contracting businesses, including our contracts with ED. In addition, these government contracts are subject to termination rights, audits and investigations. If we were found in noncompliance with the contract
provisions or applicable laws or regulations, or the government exercised its termination or other rights for that or other reasons, our reputation could be negatively affected, and our ability to compete for new contracts could be diminished. If
this were to occur, the future prospects, revenues and results of operations of this portion of our business could be negatively affected. 

14 

Table of Contents

Competition. 

We operate in a competitive environment, and our product offerings are primarily concentrated in loan and savings products for higher education. 

We compete in the private credit lending business with banks and other consumer lending institutions, many with strong consumer brand
name recognition. We compete based on our products, origination capability and customer service. To the extent our competitors compete aggressively or more effectively, we could lose market share to them or subject our existing loans to refinancing
risk. In addition, there is a risk that any new education or loan products that we introduce will not be accepted in the marketplace. Our product offerings may not prove to be profitable and may fail to offset the loss of business in the education
credit market. 

We are a leading provider of saving- and paying-for-college products and programs. This concentration gives us
a competitive advantage in the marketplace. This concentration also creates risks in our business, particularly in light of our concentration as a private credit lender and servicer for the FFELP and DSLP. If population demographics result in a
decrease in college-age individuals, if demand for higher education decreases, if the cost of attendance of higher education decreases, if public resistance to higher education costs increases, or if the demand for higher education loans decreases,
our private credit lending business could be negatively affected. In addition, the federal government, through the DSLP, poses significant competition to our private credit loan products. If loan limits under the DSLP increase, DSLP loans could be
more widely available to students and their families and DSLP loans could increase, resulting in a further decrease in the size of the private credit education loan market and reduced demand for our private credit education loan products.

Credit and Counterparty. 

Unexpected and sharp changes in the overall economic environment may negatively impact the performance of our loan and credit portfolios.

Unexpected changes in the overall economic environment, including unemployment, may result in the credit performance
of our loan portfolio being materially different from what we expect. Our earnings are critically dependent on the evolving creditworthiness of our student loan customers. We maintain a reserve for credit losses based on expected future charge-offs
which considers many factors, including levels of past due loans and forbearances and expected economic conditions. However, management’s determination of the appropriate reserve level may under- or over-estimate future losses. If the credit
quality of our customer base materially decreases, if a market risk changes significantly, or if our reserves for credit losses are not adequate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

In addition to the credit risk associated with our education loan customers, we are also subject to the creditworthiness of other third
parties, including counterparties to our derivative transactions. For example, we have exposure to the financial condition of various lending, investment and derivative counterparties. If any of our counterparties is unable to perform its
obligations, we could, depending on the type of counterparty arrangement, experience a loss of liquidity or an economic loss. In addition, we might not be able to cost effectively replace the derivative position depending on the type of derivative
and the current economic environment, and thus be exposed to a greater level of interest rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate risk which could lead to additional losses. Our counterparty exposure is more fully discussed in Item 7
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Counterparty Exposure.” If our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

15 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Compliance. 

Delays and continuing uncertainties surrounding the ultimate scope and implementation of various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act cause us to continue to be unable to fully assess the risks and
implications the law could have on our profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects. 

The Dodd-Frank Act contains comprehensive change to banking laws, imposing significant regulation on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including increased capital and
liquidity requirements, limits on leverage, and enhanced supervisory authority. A year after passage, most of the component parts of the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to intensive rulemaking and public comment causing continuing uncertainty in our
ability to predict the ultimate effect the Dodd-Frank Act or required examinations of the private education loan market could have on our operations or those of our subsidiaries. Our operational expenses will likely increase to address new or
additional compliance requirements that could be imposed on our operations as a result of the implementation of various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act as the risk of penalties and fines on all businesses may increase and our profitability, results
of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects could be affected as a result. 

The Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) is now authorized to exercise the full authority provided to it by the Dodd-Frank Act though much uncertainty remains about how this authority will be implemented or utilized. A number of our businesses will
likely be subject to new rules and regulations not yet proposed or finalized and we may face complaints and challenges to our practices from the CFPB or state regulatory counterparts. 

In July 2011, responsibility for many consumer financial protection functions formerly assigned to the federal banking and other agencies
were transferred to the CFPB. The CFPB has broad authority with respect to some of the businesses in which we engage. It has authority to write regulations under federal consumer financial protection laws, and to directly or indirectly enforce those
laws and examine financial institutions for compliance. It is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request data and promote the
availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. It has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive practices by issuing regulations that define the same or by using its enforcement authority without first issuing
regulations. 

Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB and ED are required to prepare a report on the Private Education Loan
industry by July 2012 that examines, among other things, the private education loan market; underwriting criteria used by lenders; loan terms, conditions and pricing; consumer protections available to borrowers; and fair lending considerations. The
Dodd-Frank Act also created a “Private Education Ombudsman” within the CFPB to receive and attempt to informally resolve complaints about Private Education Loans, and the CFPB plans to receive such complaints through its online consumer
complaint system. 

The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes state officials to enforce regulations issued by the CFPB and to enforce the
Dodd-Frank Act’s general prohibition against unfair, deceptive or abusive practices, and makes it more difficult than in the past for federal financial regulators to declare state laws that differ from federal standards preempted. To the extent
states enact requirements that differ from federal standards or state officials and courts adopt interpretations of federal consumer laws that differ from those adopted by the CFPB, our compliance costs could increase and reduce our ability to offer
the same products and services to consumers nationwide and we may be subject to a higher risk of state enforcement actions. 

16 

Table of Contents

The Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) could designate SLM Corporation as a
systemically important non-bank financial company to be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “FRB”). Designation of SLM Corporation as a so-called “SIFI” would impose significant additional
statutorily–defined monitoring and compliance regimes on our business and could significantly increase the levels of risk-based capital and highly liquid assets we are required to hold. Required implementation of some or all of the measures
currently proposed by the FRB to be applicable to SIFIs would have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

On October 11, 2011, FSOC published a second notice of proposed rulemaking and related interpretive guidance under the Dodd-Frank Act regarding the designation of non-bank systemically important
financial institutions (“SIFIs”). If designated as a SIFI, a non-bank financial company will be supervised by the FRB and be subject to enhanced prudential supervision and regulatory standards to be developed by the FRB. The new proposal
sets forth a three-stage determination process for designating non-bank SIFIs. In Stage 1, FSOC would apply a set of uniform quantitative thresholds to identify the non-bank financial companies that will be subject to further evaluation. Based on
its financial condition as of December 31, 2011, SLM Corporation would meet the criteria in Stage 1 and would be subject to further evaluation by FSOC in the SIFI determination process. Because Stages 2 and 3 as proposed would involve
qualitative judgment by FSOC, we cannot predict whether SLM Corporation will be designated as a SIFI under the rule as currently proposed. For a further discussion of our belief as to the limited risk SLM Corporation poses to the financial stability
of the United States, see Item 1 “Business—Recent Legislation—Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.” 

On December 20, 2011 the FRB issued proposed rules to implement the enhanced prudential supervisory and regulatory standards required of bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in
consolidated assets, as well as SIFIs. As currently proposed, the rules would require, among other things, that SIFIs: 

•

 Be subject to a minimum Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio of 5 percent and generally be required to comply with bank regulatory capital and
leverage requirements, subject to any case-by-case exceptions as the FRB might approve; 

•

 Comply with formal regulatory liquidity standards and hold highly liquid assets on hand sufficient to survive a projected 30-day liquidity crisis;

•

 Be subject to new liquidity risk management and governance requirements, approval of liquidity risk models, and implementation of liquidity monitoring
and compliance regimes; 

•

 Employ a chief risk officer to report directly to the chief executive officer and a required risk committee of the Board of Directors;

•

 Be subject to periodic company and FRB-run supervisory stress tests; and 

•

 Periodically report to the FDIC and FRB on plans for rapid and orderly resolution of company affairs in the event of a material financial distress or
failure. 

We currently maintain significantly more than 5 percent capital against our Private Education Loans and
significantly less than 5 percent capital against our FFELP Loans. We are not currently subject to consolidated capital requirements. Unless an exception were made to recognize the unique, federally insured nature of FFELP Loans, if we were
designated as a SIFI, our risk-based capital requirements would likely increase. While we maintain our own contingency funding plans and conduct our own internal periodic stress tests, we have never been subject to an FRB supervised stress test nor
have we developed a plan for orderly resolution of the scope and magnitude currently being demanded of large bank holding companies. Complying with these measures and implementing any or all of these as yet undefined, formalized statutory monitoring
and compliance regimes could significantly increase our cost of doing business and the levels of capital and liquidity we are required to hold and, consequently, have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

17 

Table of Contents

Our businesses are regulated by various state and federal laws and regulations, and
our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in significant costs, sanctions, litigation or the loss of insurance and guarantees on affected FFELP Loans. 

Our businesses are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations
may result in significant costs, including litigation costs, and/or business sanctions. In addition, changes to such laws and regulations could adversely impact our business and results of operations if we are not able to adequately mitigate the
impact of such changes. 

Our private credit lending and debt collection businesses are subject to regulation and oversight by
various state and federal agencies, particularly in the area of consumer protection. Some state attorneys general have been active in this area of consumer protection regulation. We are subject, and may be subject in the future, to inquiries and
audits from state and federal regulators as well as frequent litigation from private plaintiffs. 

The Bank is subject to state
and FDIC regulation, oversight and regular examination. The FDIC and state regulators have the authority to impose fines, penalties or other limitations on the Bank’s operations should they conclude that its operations are not compliant with
applicable laws and regulations. At the time of this filing, the Bank was the subject of a cease and desist order for weaknesses in its compliance function. While the issues addressed in the order have largely been remediated, the order has not yet
been lifted. Our failure to comply with various laws and regulations or with the terms of the cease and desist order or to have issues raised during an examination could result in litigation expenses, fines, business sanctions, and limitations on
our ability to fund our Private Education Loans, which are currently funded by deposits raised by the Bank, or restrictions on the operations of the Bank. The imposition of fines, penalties or other limitations on the Bank’s business could
negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Loans serviced under the FFELP are subject to
the HEA and related regulations. Our servicing operations are designed and monitored to comply with the HEA, related regulations and program guidance; however ED could determine that we are not in compliance for a variety of reasons, including that
we misinterpreted ED guidance or incorrectly applied the HEA and its related regulations or policies. Failure to comply could result in fines, the loss of the insurance and related federal guarantees on affected FFELP Loans, expenses required to
cure servicing deficiencies, suspension or termination of our right to participate as a servicer, negative publicity and potential legal claims. A summary of the FFELP may be found in Appendix A “Federal Family Education Loan
Program.” The imposition of significant fines, the loss of the insurance and related federal guarantees on a material number of FFELP Loans, the incurrence of additional expenses and/or the loss of our ability to participate as a FFELP servicer
could individually or in the aggregate have a material, negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.