LENDING
BUSINESS SEGMENT—FFELP STUDENT LOANS

A larger than expected increase in third party
consolidation activity may reduce our FFELP student loan spread, materially
impair our Retained Interest and otherwise materially adversely affect our
results of operations.

If
third party consolidation activity increases beyond management’s expectations,
our FFELP student loan spread may be adversely affected, our Retained Interest
may be materially impaired and our results of operations may be adversely
affected. Our FFELP student loan spread may be adversely affected because third
party consolidators generally target our highest yielding Consolidation Loans.
Our Retained Interest may be materially impaired if consolidation activity
reaches levels not anticipated by management. We may also incur impairment
charges if we increase our expected future Constant Prepayment Rate (“CPR”)
assumptions used to value the Residual Interest as a result of such
unanticipated levels of consolidation. The potentially material adverse affect
on our operating results relates principally to our hedging activities in
connection with Floor Income. We enter into certain Floor Income Contracts
under which we receive an upfront fee in exchange for our payment of the Floor
Income earned on a notional amount of underlying Consolidation Loans over the
life of the Floor Income Contract. If third party consolidation activity that
involves refinancing an existing FFELP Consolidation Loan with a new FFELP
Consolidation Loan increases substantially, then the Floor Income that we are
obligated to pay under such Floor Income Contracts may exceed the Floor Income
actually generated from the underlying Consolidation Loans, possibly to a
material extent. In such a scenario, we would either close out the related
Floor Income Contracts or purchase an offsetting hedge. In either case, the
adverse impact on both our GAAP and “core earnings” could be material. (See “MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—LENDING
BUSINESS SEGMENT—Student Loan Floor Income Contracts.”)

Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in
connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could
adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
reported amounts of income and expenses.

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to
make certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions that could affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of
income and expense during the reporting periods. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND ESTIMATES.”) For example, for both our federally insured and
Private Education Loans the unamortized portion of the premiums and the
discounts is included in the carrying value of the student loan on the
consolidated balance sheet. We recognize income on our student loan portfolio
based on the expected yield of the student loan after giving effect to the
amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of student loan income
discounts, as well as the impact of Borrower Benefits. In arriving at the
expected yield, we must make a number of estimates that when changed must be
reflected as a cumulative student loan catch-up from the inception of the
student loan. The most sensitive estimate for premium and discount amortization
is the estimate of the CPR, which measures the rate at which loans in the
portfolio pay before their stated maturity. The CPR is used in calculating the
average life of the portfolio. A number of factors can affect the CPR estimate
such as the rate of Consolidation Loan activity and default rates. If we make
an incorrect CPR estimate, the previously recognized income on our student loan
portfolio based on the expected yield of the student loan will need to be
adjusted in the current period.

In addition, the impact of our Borrower Benefits
programs, which provide incentives to borrowers to make timely payments on
their loans by allowing for reductions in future interest rates as well as
rebates on outstanding balances, is dependent on the number of borrowers who
will eventually qualify for these benefits. The incentives are offered to
attract new borrowers and to improve our borrowers’ payment behavior. For
example, we offer borrowers an incentive program that reduces their interest
rate by a 

22

specified percentage per
year 
or reduces their loan balance after
they have made a specified initial number of scheduled payments on time and for
so long as they continue to make subsequent scheduled payments on time. We
regularly estimate the qualification rates for Borrower Benefits programs and
book a level yield adjustment based upon that estimate. If our estimate of the
qualification rates is lower than the actual rates, both the yield on our
student loan portfolio and our net interest income will be lower than estimated
and a cumulative adjustment will be made to reduce income, possibly to a
material extent. Such an underestimation may also adversely affect the value of
our Retained Interest because one of the assumptions made in assessing its value
is the amount of Borrower Benefits expected to be earned by borrowers. Finally,
we continue to look at new ways to attract new borrowers and to improve our
borrowers’ payment behavior. These efforts as well as the actions of competing
lenders may lead to the addition or modification of Borrower Benefits programs.

LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT—PRIVATE EDUCATION LOANS

Changes in the composition of our Managed student loan
portfolio will increase the risk profile of our asset base and our capital
requirements.

As of December 31, 2005, 13 percent of our
Managed student loans are Private Education Loans. Private Education Loans are
unsecured and are not guaranteed or reinsured under the FFELP or any other
federal student loan program and are not insured by any private insurance
program. Accordingly, we bear the full risk of loss on most of these loans if
the borrower and co-borrower, if applicable, defaults. Events beyond our
control such as a prolonged economic downturn could make it difficult for
Private Education Loan borrowers to meet their payment obligations for a
variety of reasons, including job loss and underemployment, which could lead to
higher levels of delinquencies and defaults. Private Education Loans now
account for 25 percent of our net interest income and 13 percent of our Managed
student loan portfolio. We expect that Private Education Loans will become an
increasingly higher percentage of both our margin and our Managed student loan
portfolio, which will increase the risk profile of our asset base and raise our
capital requirements because Private Education Loans have significantly higher
capital requirements than FFELP loans. This may affect the availability of
capital for other purposes. In addition, the comparatively larger spreads on
Private Education Loans, which historically have compensated for the narrowing
FFELP spreads, may narrow as competition increases.

Past charge-off rates on our
Private Education Loans may not be indicative of future charge-off rates
because, among other things, we use forbearance policies and our failure to
adequately predict and reserve for charge-offs may adversely impact our results
of operations.

We have established forbearance policies for our
Private Education Loans under which we provide to the borrower temporary relief
from payment of principal or interest in exchange for a processing fee paid by
the borrower, which is waived under certain circumstances. During the
forbearance period, generally granted in three month increments, interest that
the borrower otherwise would have paid is typically capitalized at the end of
the forbearance term. At December 31,
2005, approximately 10 percent of our Managed Private Education Loans in
repayment and forbearance were in forbearance. Forbearance is used most heavily
when the borrower’s loan enters repayment; however, borrowers may apply
for forbearance multiple times and a significant number of Private Education
Loan borrowers have taken advantage of this option. When a borrower ends
forbearance and enters repayment, the account is considered current.
Accordingly, a borrower who may have been delinquent in his payments or may not
have made any recent payments on his account will be accounted for as a
borrower in a current repayment status when the borrower exits the forbearance
period. In addition, past charge-off rates on our Private Education Loans may
not be indicative of future charge-off rates because of, among other things, our
use of forbearance and the effect of future changes to the forbearance
policies. If our forbearance policies prove over time to be less effective on
cash collections than we expect, they could have a material adverse effect on
the amount of future charge-offs and the ultimate default rate used to
calculate loan loss reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. (See “MANAGEMENT’S

23

DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT—Total
Loan Net Charge-offs.”) In addition, our future charge-off rates could be
materially impacted by downturns in the economy.

DEBT MANAGEMENT OPERATIONS BUSINESS SEGMENT

Our growth in our DMO business
segment is dependent in part on successfully identifying, consummating and
integrating strategic acquisitions.

Since 2000, we have acquired five companies that are
now successfully integrated within our Debt Management Operations group. Each
of these acquisitions has contributed to DMO’s substantial growth. Future
growth in the DMO group is dependent in part on successfully identifying, consummating and integrating
strategic acquisitions. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
doing so. In addition, certain of these acquisitions have expanded our
operations into businesses and asset classes that pose substantially more
business and litigation risks than our core FFELP student loan business. For
example, on September 16, 2004, we acquired a 64 percent (now 76 percent)
interest in AFS Holdings, LLC, commonly known as Arrow Financial Services, a
company that, among other services, purchases non-performing receivables. In
addition, on August 30, 2005, we purchased GRP, a company that purchases
distressed mortgage receivables. While both companies purchase such assets at a
discount and have sophisticated analytical and operational tools to price and
collect on portfolio purchases, there can be no assurance that the price paid
for defaulted portfolios will yield adequate returns, or that other factors
beyond their control will not have a material adverse affect on their results
of operations. Portfolio performance below original projections could result in
impairments to the purchased portfolio assets. In addition, these businesses
are subject to litigation risk under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act,
Fair Credit Reporting Act and various other federal, state and local laws in
the normal course. Finally, we may explore additional business opportunities
that may pose further risks.

Our DMO group may not be able to purchase defaulted
consumer receivables at prices that management believes to be appropriate, and
a decrease in our ability to purchase portfolios of receivables could adversely
affect our net income.

If
our DMO group is not able to purchase defaulted consumer receivables at planned
levels and at prices that management believes to be appropriate, we could
experience short-term and long-term decreases in income.

The availability of receivables portfolios at prices
which generate an appropriate return on our investment depends on a number of
factors both within and outside of our control, including the following:

·
       the
continuation of current growth trends in the levels of consumer obligations;

·
       sales
of receivables portfolios by debt owners;

·
       competitive
factors affecting potential purchasers and credit originators of receivables;
and

·
       the ability to continue to service
portfolios to yield an adequate return.

Because of the length of time involved in collecting
defaulted consumer receivables on acquired portfolios and the volatility in the
timing of our collections, we may not be able to identify trends and make
changes in our purchasing strategies in a timely manner.

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

If our stock price falls
significantly we may be required to settle our equity forward positions in a
manner that could have a materially dilutive effect on our common stock.

We regularly repurchase our common stock through both
open market purchases and equity forward contracts. At December 31, 2005,
we had outstanding equity forward contracts to purchase 42.7 million shares of
our common stock at an average price of $54.74 per share. The equity forward
contracts permit 

24

the counterparty to
terminate a portion of the equity forward contract if the common stock price
falls below an “initial trigger price” and the counterparty can continue to
terminate portions of the contract as the stock price reaches lower
predetermined levels, until the stock price reaches the “final trigger price”
whereby the entire contract can be terminated. The final trigger price is
generally 50 percent of the strike price. If the counterparty terminates the
contract, we can settle by paying cash or delivering common stock. If we issue
common stock to settle the contracts in such circumstances, it could have a
materially dilutive effect on our common stock.

Because we fund most of our daily reset commercial
paper-indexed FFELP student loans with daily reset LIBOR funding, we are
exposed to interest rate risk in the form of basis risk and repricing risk.

Depending
on economic and other  factors, we may
fund our assets with debt that has a different index and/or reset frequency
than the asset, but generally only where we believe there is a high degree of
correlation between the interest rate movement of the two indices. For example,
we use daily reset 3-month LIBOR to fund a large portion of our daily
reset 3-month commercial paper indexed assets. We also use different
index types and index reset frequencies to fund various other assets. In using
different index types and different index reset frequencies to fund our assets,
we are exposed to interest rate risk in the form of basis risk and repricing
risk, which is the risk that the different indices may reset at different
frequencies will not move in the same direction or with the same magnitude.
While these indices are short-term with rate movements that are highly
correlated over a long period of time, there can be no assurance that this high
correlation will not be disrupted by capital market dislocations or other factors
not within our control. In such circumstances, our earnings could be adversely
affected, possibly to a material extent.

We may face limited availability of financing,
variation in our funding costs and uncertainty in our securitization financing.

In
general, the amount, type and cost of our funding, including securitization and
unsecured financing from the capital markets and borrowings from financial
institutions, have a direct impact on our operating expenses and financial
results and can limit our ability to grow our assets.

A
number of factors could make such securitization and unsecured financing more
difficult, more expensive or unavailable on any terms both domestically and
internationally (where funding transactions may be on terms more or less favorable
than in the United States), including, but not limited to, financial results
and losses, changes within our organization, specific events that have an
adverse impact on our reputation, changes in the activities of our business
partners, disruptions in the capital markets, specific events that have an
adverse impact on the financial services industry, counter-party availability,
changes affecting our assets, our corporate and regulatory structure, interest
rate fluctuations, ratings agencies’ actions, general economic conditions and
the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax environments governing our funding
transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by
the general state of the U.S. and world economies, and may become increasingly
difficult due to economic and other factors. Finally, we compete for funding
with other industry participants, some of which are publicly traded.
Competition from these institutions may increase our cost of funds.

We are
dependent on the securitization markets for the long-term financing of student
loans, which we expect to provide more than 70 percent of our funding
needs. If this market were to experience difficulties, if our asset quality
were to deteriorate or if our debt ratings were to be downgraded, we may be
unable to securitize our student loans or to do so on favorable terms,
including pricing. If we were unable to continue to securitize our student
loans at current levels or on favorable terms, we would use alternative funding
sources to fund increases in student loans and meet our other liquidity needs.
If we were unable to find cost-effective and stable funding alternatives, our
funding capabilities and liquidity would be negatively impacted and our cost of
funds could increase, adversely affecting our results of operations, and our
ability to grow would be limited.

25

In addition, the occurrence of certain events such as
consolidations and reconsolidations may cause the securitization transactions
to amortize earlier than scheduled, which could accelerate the need for
additional funding to the extent that we effected the refinancing.

GENERAL

Our business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
conditions, some of which are not within our control, including general
economic conditions, increased competition, adverse changes in the laws and
regulations that govern our businesses and failure to successfully identify,
consummate and integrate strategic acquisitions.

Our
business is subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and conditions, some of
which we cannot control. For example, if the U.S. economy were to sustain a
prolonged economic downturn a number of our businesses—including our fastest
growing businesses, Private Education Loan business and Debt Management
Operations—could be adversely affected. We bear the full risk of loss on our
portfolio of Private Education Loans. A prolonged economic downturn could make
it difficult for borrowers to meet their payment obligations for a variety of
reasons, including job loss and underemployment. In addition, a prolonged
economic downturn could extend the amortization period on DMO’s purchased
receivables.

We face
strong competition in all of our businesses, particularly in our FFELP
business. For example, some FFELP lenders use the federal government’s Direct
Lending program as a vehicle to circumvent the statutory prohibition on
refinancing an existing FFELP Consolidation Loan in cases where the borrower is
not eligible to consolidate his loans. The Reauthorization Legislation eliminates
this practice effective July 1, 2006. However, we expect that lenders who
employ this practice will substantially increase their marketing efforts in
anticipation of the prohibition of the practice. As a result, we may experience
additional prepayments on our Consolidation Loans through June 30, 2006. 
There can also be no assurance that our competitors will
not engage in other practices that result in higher than expected prepayments
on our Consolidation Loan portfolio. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—LENDING BUSINESS SEGMENT—Consolidation
Loan Activity.”) Such prepayments would adversely impact our earnings. We are
also currently competing with substantial lending partners, including our largest
lending partner, JPMorgan Chase, which accounts for a substantial portion of
our FFELP originations and purchases. Finally, we expect to see more
competition in our Private Education Loan business. The strong margins that we
currently maintain in this growing business and that offset some of the margin
erosion that we have experienced in our FFELP business may begin to weaken as
more competitors offer competing products. If these competitive trends
intensify, we could face further margin pressure.

Because
we earn our revenues from federally insured loans under a federally sponsored
loan program, we are subject to political and regulatory risk. As part of the
HEA, the student loan program is periodically amended and must be
“reauthorized” every six years. Past legislative changes included reduced loan
yields paid to lenders (1993 and 1998), increased fees paid by lenders (1993),
decreased level of the government guaranty (1993) and reduced fees to
guarantors and collectors, among others. On February 8, 2006, the
President signed the Reauthorization Legislation. The Reauthorization
Legislation contains a number of provisions that over time will reduce our
earnings on FFELP student loans, including a requirement that lenders rebate
Floor Income on new loans and a reduction in lender reinsurance. In addition,
there can be no assurances that future reauthorizations and other political
developments will not result in changes that have a materially adverse impact
on the Company. (See “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—OTHER RELATED EVENTS AND INFORMATION—Reauthorization.”)

Our
principal business is comprised of acquiring, originating, holding and
servicing education loans made and guaranteed under the FFELP program. Most
significant aspects of our principal business are governed by the HEA. We must
also meet various requirements of the guaranty agencies, which are private
not-for-profit organizations or state agencies that have entered into federal
reinsurance contracts 

26

with ED, to maintain the federal guarantee on our
FFELP loans. These requirements establish origination and servicing
requirements, procedural guidelines and school and borrower eligibility
criteria. The federal guarantee of FFELP loans is conditioned on loans being
originated, disbursed or serviced in accordance with ED regulations.

If
we fail to comply with any of the above requirements, we could incur penalties
or lose the federal guarantee on some or all of our FFELP loans. In addition,
our marketing practices are subject to the HEA’s prohibited inducement
regulation and our failure to comply with such regulation could subject us to a
limitation, suspension or termination of our eligible lender status. Even if we
comply with the above requirements, a failure to comply by third parties with
whom we conduct business could result in us incurring penalties or losing the
federal guarantee on some or all of our FFELP loans. If we experience a high
rate of servicing deficiencies, we could incur costs associated with remedial
servicing, and, if we are unsuccessful in curing such deficiencies, the
eventual losses on the loans that are not cured could be material. Failure to
comply with these laws and regulations could result in our liability to
borrowers and potential class action suits, all of which could adversely affect
our future growth rates. An additional consequence of servicing deficiencies
would be the loss of our Exceptional Performer Designation.

Finally,
our continued growth in our DMO operations is dependent in part on strategic
acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully identify, consummate and
integrate such acquisitions, the growth rate for our DMO business, which is
currently our fastest growing business segment, may be adversely affected,
possibly to a material extent.

Because of the risks, uncertainties and conditions
described above, there can be no assurance that we can maintain our future
growth rates at rates consistent with our historic growth rates.

Our GAAP earnings are highly susceptible to changes in
interest rates because most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge
accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133.

Changes in interest rates can cause volatility in our
earnings as a result of changes in the market value of our derivatives that do
not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” Under SFAS No. 133,
changes in derivative market values are recognized immediately in earnings. If
a derivative instrument does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under
SFAS No. 133, there is no corresponding change in the fair value of the
hedged item. As a result, gain or loss recognized on a derivative will not be
offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the underlying hedged item. Because
most of our derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, when
interest rates change significantly, our GAAP earnings may fluctuate
significantly.

For a discussion of operational, market and interest
rate, and liquidity risks, see “MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—RISKS.”