In addition to considering the other information in this Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following factors. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or risks that we currently consider immaterial may also adversely affect our business. We have attempted to identify the major factors under this heading that could cause differences between actual and planned or expected results. 

Our mineral exploration activities involve a high degree of risk; our business model envisions the sale or joint venture of mineral property, prior to the establishment of reserves. If we are unable to sell or joint venture our properties, the money spent on exploration may never be recovered and we could incur a write down on our investments in our projects.

          The exploration for mineral deposits involves significant financial and other risks over an extended period of time. Few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Major expenses are required to determine if any of our mineral properties may have the potential to be commercially viable and be salable or joint ventured. We have never established reserves on any of our properties. Significant additional expense and risks, including drilling and determining the feasibility of a project, are required prior to the establishment of reserves. These additional costs potentially diminish the value of our properties for sale or joint venture. It is impossible to ensure that the current or proposed exploration programs on properties in which we have an interest will be commercially viable or that we will be able to sell or joint venture our properties. Whether a mineral deposit will be commercially viable depends on a number of factors, some of which are the particular attributes of the deposit, such as its size and grade, costs and efficiency of the recovery methods that can be employed, proximity to infrastructure, financing costs and governmental regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, infrastructure, land use, importing and exporting of gold or other minerals, and environmental protection. 

          Even if our exploration activities determine that a project is commercially viable, it is impossible to ensure that such determination will result in a profitable sale of the project or development by a joint venture in the future and that such project will result in profitable commercial mining operations. If we determine that capitalized costs associated with any of our mineral interests are not likely to be recovered, we would incur an impairment of our investment in such property interest. All of these factors may result in losses in relation to amounts spent, which are not recoverable. We have experienced losses of this type from time to time including during 2006, when we wrote down our investment in the Libertad and Pillune projects in Peru, our Pozos project in Mexico and our Pau d'Arco project in Brazil recording mineral property write-downs of $35,000. 

We have a significant investment in Kinross common stock. We have no control over fluctuations in the price of Kinross common stock and reductions in the value of this investment could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock.

          We have a significant investment in Kinross as of February 21, 2007, which consists of 1,642,920 shares of Kinross common stock which have a value of approximately $22.2 million based on the market price of $13.51 per Kinross share. A significant fluctuation in the market value of Kinross common shares could have a material impact on our investment in Kinross, the market price of our common stock and our liquidity and capital resources. 

The market for shares of our common stock has limited liquidity and the market price of our common stock has fluctuated and may decline.

          An investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. The liquidity of our shares, or ability of the shareholder to buy or sell our common stock, may be significantly limited for various unforeseeable periods. The average combined daily volume of our shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange during 2006 and the American Stock Exchange (since our listing on August 11, 2006) was approximately 26,000 shares, with no shares traded on many days. The market price of our shares has historically fluctuated in a large range. Please see Item 5 - "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities." The price of our common stock may be affected by many factors, including adverse change in our business, a decline in gold or other commodity prices, and general economic trends. 

Our mineral exploration activities are inherently dangerous and could cause us to incur significant unexpected costs including legal liability for loss of life, damage to property and environmental damage; any of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.

          Our operations are subject to the hazards and risks normally incident to exploration of a mineral deposit including mapping and sampling, drilling, road building, trenching, assaying and analyzing rock samples transportation over primitive roads or via small contract aircraft or helicopters, any of which could result in damage to life or property, environmental damage and possible legal liability for such damage. Any of these risks could cause us to incur significant unexpected costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to finance our exploration activities.

5

<PAGE>

We have a history of losses and if we do not operate profitably in the future it could have a material adverse affect on our financial position or results of operations and the trading price of our common shares would likely decline.

          We have reported losses in 11 of our 13 years of operations. We reported losses of $3,183,000, $2,080,000, and $2,925,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to operate profitably in the future. We have had net income in only two years in our history, during 2003, as a result of a $5,438,000 gain on derivative instrument related to our investment in certain Crown warrants and during 2000, when we sold our Yanacocha property. We cannot predict when, if ever, we will be profitable again. If we do not operate profitably, the trading price of our common shares will likely decline.

Our operations outside of the US may be adversely affected by factors outside our control, such as changing political, local and economic conditions; any of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.

          Our mineral properties located in Latin America consist primarily of mineral concessions granted by national governmental agencies and are held 100% by us or under lease, option or purchase agreements. The mineral properties are located in Peru, Bolivia, Mexico and Brazil. We act as operator on all of our mineral properties that are not held in joint ventures. The success of projects held under joint ventures that are not operated by us is substantially dependent on the joint venture partner.

          Our exploration activities and mineral properties located outside of the US are subject to the laws of Peru, Bolivia, Brazil and Mexico, where we operate. Exploration and development activities in these countries are potentially subject to political and economic risks, including:

●          cancellation or renegotiation of contracts;
●          disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to US laws and regulations including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

●          changes in foreign laws or regulations;

●          changes in tax laws;

●          royalty and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including retroactive claims; 

●          expropriation or nationalization of property;

●          currency fluctuations (particularly in countries with high inflation);

●          foreign exchange controls;

●          restrictions on the ability for us to hold US dollars or other foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts;

●          import and export regulations;

●          environmental controls; 

●          risks of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; and

●          other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas in which our exploration activities are conducted.

          During 2006, the government of Bolivia took steps to nationalize its oil and gas industry by unilaterally increasing taxes payable by private owners of oil and gas properties. The government has not taken similar steps against privately held mining concessions, but it has stated that it plans to nationalize certain segments of the mining industry and could implement such a plan at any time. It is not known if such nationalization, if it were to occur, would affect our properties. We have significantly reduced our activities in Bolivia, while monitoring this situation. Our capitalized costs in Bolivia are approximately $30,000.

          Consequently, our current exploration activities outside of the US may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. Furthermore, in the event of a dispute arising from such activities, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts outside of the US or may not be successful in subjecting persons to the jurisdictions of the courts in the US, which could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute.

We may not have sufficient funding for exploration; which may impair our profitability and growth.

          The capital required for exploration of mineral properties is substantial. We have financed operations through utilization of joint venture arrangements with third parties (generally providing that the third party will obtain a specified percentage of our interest in a certain property in exchange for the expenditure of a specified amount), the sale of interests in properties or other assets, strategic investments in other companies such as Crown and the issuance of common stock. We will need to raise additional cash, or enter into joint venture arrangements, in order to fund the exploration activities required to determine whether mineral deposits on our projects are commercially viable. New financing or acceptable joint venture partners may or may not be available on a basis that is acceptable to us. Inability to obtain new financing or joint venture partners on acceptable terms may prohibit us from continued exploration of such mineral properties. Without successful sale or future development of our mineral properties through joint venture we will not be able to realize any profit from our interests in such properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

A large number of companies are engaged in the exploration of mineral properties, many of which have substantially greater technical and financial resources than us and, accordingly, we may be unable to compete effectively in the mining industry which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

6

<PAGE>

          We may be at a disadvantage with respect to many of our competitors in the acquisition and exploration of mining projects. The marketing of mineral properties is affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. These include the price of the raw or refined minerals in the marketplace, imports of minerals from other countries, the availability of adequate milling and smelting facilities, the number and quality of other mineral properties that may be for sale or are being explored. Our competitors with greater financial resources than us will be better able to withstand the uncertainties and fluctuations associated with the marketing of exploration projects. In addition, we compete with other mining companies to attract and retain key executives and other employees with technical skills and experience in the mineral exploration business. We also compete with other mineral exploration and development companies for rights to explore projects. There can be no assurance that we will continue to attract and retain skilled and experienced employees or to acquire additional rights to explore projects. The realization of any of these risks from competitors could have a material adverse affect on our financial position or results of operations.

The title to our mineral properties may be defective or challenged which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

          In connection with the acquisition of our mineral properties, we conduct limited reviews of title and related matters, and obtain certain representations regarding ownership. These limited reviews do not necessarily preclude third parties from challenging our title and, furthermore, our title may be defective. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we hold good and marketable title to all of our mineral interests. If any of our mineral interests were challenged, we could incur significant costs in defending such a challenge. These costs or an adverse ruling with regards to any challenge of our titles could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

We have no reported mineral reserves and if we are unsuccessful in identifying mineral reserves in the future, we may not be able to realize any profit from our property interests.

          We are an exploration stage company and have no reported mineral reserves. Any mineral reserves will only come from extensive additional exploration, engineering and evaluation of existing or future mineral properties. The lack of reserves on our mineral properties could prohibit us from sale or joint venture of our mineral properties. If we are unable to sell or joint venture for development our mineral properties, we will not be able to realize any profit from our interests in such mineral properties, which could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. Additionally, if we or partners to whom we may joint venture our mineral properties are unable to develop reserves on our mineral properties we may be unable to realize any profit from our interests in such properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Our operations could be negatively affected by existing as well as potential changes in laws and regulatory requirements that we are subject to, including regulation of mineral exploration and land ownership, environmental regulations and taxation.

          The exploration of mineral properties is subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate in a variety of ways, including regulation of mineral exploration and land ownership, environmental regulation and taxation. These laws and regulations, as well as future interpretation of or changes to existing laws and regulations may require substantial increases in capital and operating costs to us and delays, interruptions, or a termination of operations. 

          In the countries in which we operate, in order to obtain a permit for exploration, environmental regulations generally require a description of the existing environment, both natural and socio-economic, at the project site and in the region; an interpretation of the nature and magnitude of potential environmental impacts that might result from project activities; and a description and evaluation of the effectiveness of the operational measures planned to mitigate the environmental impacts. Currently the expenditures to obtain exploration permits to conduct our exploration activities are not material to our total exploration cost. 

          The laws and regulations in all the countries in which we operate are continually changing and are generally becoming more restrictive, especially environmental laws and regulations. We have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but we cannot predict the amount of such future expenditures. The regulatory environment in which we operate could change in ways that would substantially increase our costs to achieve compliance. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals or significant changes in regulation could have a material adverse effect on our exploration activities, our ability to locate economic mineral deposits, and our potential to sell, joint venture or eventually develop our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

7

<PAGE>

Occurrence of events for which we are not insured may materially adversely affect our business. 

          Mineral exploration is subject to risks of human injury, environmental liability and loss of assets. We maintain insurance to protect ourselves against certain risks related to our operations, however, we may elect not to have insurance for certain risks because of the high premiums associated with insuring those risks or for various other reasons; in other cases, insurance may not be available for certain risks. There are additional risks in connection with investments in parts of the world where civil unrest, war, nationalist movements, political violence or economic crisis are possible. These countries may also pose heightened risks of expropriation of assets, business interruption, increased taxation and a unilateral modification of concessions and contracts. We do not maintain insurance against political risk. Occurrence of events for which we are not insured could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

Severe weather or violent storms could materially affect our operations due to damage or delays caused by such weather.

          Our exploration activities in Peru, Bolivia, Brazil and Mexico are subject to normal seasonal weather conditions that often hamper and may temporarily prevent exploration activities. There is a risk that unexpectedly harsh weather or violent storms could affect areas where we conduct exploration activities. Delays or damage caused by severe weather could materially affect our operations or our financial position. 

Our business is extremely dependent on gold, commodity prices and currency exchange rates over which we have no control.

          Our operations will be significantly affected by changes in the market price of gold and other commodities since the evaluation of whether a mineral deposit is commercially viable is heavily dependent upon the market price of gold and other commodities. The price of commodities also affects the value of exploration projects we own or may wish to acquire. These prices of commodities fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. The supply and demand for gold and other commodities, the level of interest rates, the rate of inflation, investment decisions by large holders of these commodities, including governmental reserves, and stability of exchange rates can all cause significant fluctuations in prices. Such external economic factors are in turn influenced by changes in international investment patterns and monetary systems and political developments. Currency exchange rates relative to the US dollar can affect the cost of doing business in a foreign country and the revenues received from production. For instance, the Brazilian Real has appreciated approximately 35% relative to the US dollar during the past three years. Consequently, the cost of conducting exploration in Brazil has significantly increased during this time period. We currently do not hedge against currency fluctuations. The prices of commodities have fluctuated widely and future serious price declines could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Our business is dependent on key executives and the loss of any of our key executives could adversely affect our business, future operations and financial condition.

          We are dependent on the services of key executives, including our Chief Executive Officer, Christopher E. Herald, our Chief Financial Officer, James R. Maronick, and our Vice President of Operations, Walter H. Hunt. All of the above named officers have many years of experience and an extensive background in Solitario and the mining industry in general. We may not be able to replace that experience and knowledge with other individuals. The loss of these persons or our inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled employees may adversely affect our business, future operations and financial condition.

In the future, we may look to joint venture with another mining company to develop and or operate one of our projects, therefore, in the future, our results may become subject to risks associated with development and production of mining projects in general. 

          We are not currently involved in mining development or operating activities at any of our properties. In order to realize a profit from our mineral interests we either have to: (1) sell such properties outright at a profit; (2) form a joint venture for the project with a larger mining company with more appropriate resources, both technical and financial, to further develop and/or operate the project at a profit; or (3) develop and operate such projects at a profit on our own. However, we have never developed a mineral property and we do not anticipate developing any currently owned mineral properties on our own in the future. In the future, if our exploration activities show sufficient promise in a project, we may either look to form a joint venture with another mining company to develop and or operate the project, or sell the property outright and retain partial ownership or a retained royalty based on the success of such project. Therefore, in the future, our results may become subject to the additional risks associated with development and production of mining projects in general.

We have identified deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures and deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that we may not be able to mitigate or entirely eliminate.

          As further discussed in Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation," we have identified deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures and deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting. With our limited staff and resources we believe it may not be economically feasible to hire additional staff and or outside accounting and legal firms to mitigate or entirely eliminate all deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures or all deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting. The continued existence of these deficiencies may cause our financial information to be materially misstated as reported and, if so determined, could require us to restate financial

8

<PAGE>

 information in the future. The potential misstatement of our reported financial information as well as the potential restatement of our reported financial information could have a negative impact on the market price of our stock and our financial condition and results of operations.