In evaluating the company, careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the related notes. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect the company’s business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in the
company’s common stock. 

2009 ANNUAL REPORT

11

Table of Contents

Economic conditions and world events could affect our operating results. 

We, our franchisees and our customers, may continue to be adversely affected by ongoing weakness in, or worsening of, economic conditions. These conditions may result in reduced consumer and investor confidence, instability in the credit
and financial markets, volatile corporate profits, and reduced business and consumer spending. We, our franchisees and our customers, and the economy as a whole, also may be affected by future world events such as acts of terrorism, developments in
the war on terrorism, conflicts in international situations, the impact of epidemics on business, and by natural disasters. These factors may affect our results of operations by reducing our sales, margins and/or net income as a result of a slowdown
in customer orders or order cancellations. In addition, political and social turmoil related to international conflicts and terrorist acts may put further pressure on economic conditions abroad. Unstable political, social and economic conditions may
make it difficult for our franchisees, customers, suppliers and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. If such conditions persist, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be negatively
affected. 

Foreign operations are subject to currency exchange, political, economic and other risks that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

The reporting currency for Snap-on’s
consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of the company’s assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In preparing the company’s Consolidated Financial
Statements, those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are translated into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the U.S. dollar value of
those items as reflected in the company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar could have a significant impact on the company’s financial condition and results of operations.

Approximately 41% of our revenues in 2009 were generated outside of the United States. Future growth rates and success of our
business depends in large part on continued growth in our non-U.S. operations, including growth in emerging markets. Numerous risks and uncertainties affect our non-U.S. operations. These risks and uncertainties include political, economic
and social instability, such as acts of war, civil disturbance or acts of terrorism, local labor conditions, changes in government policies and regulations, including imposition or increases in withholding and other taxes on remittances and other
payments by international subsidiaries, transportation delays or interruptions and difficulties in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. In 2009, certain of our European-based businesses were significantly impacted by the
economic downturn that particularly affected various markets in Europe. Should the economic environment in these markets deteriorate from 2009 levels, our results of operations and financial position could be materially impacted, including as a
result of the effects of potential impairment write-downs of goodwill and/or other intangible assets related to these businesses. 

We are also affected by changes in inflation rates and interest rates. Additionally, cash generated in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be difficult to repatriate to the United States in a tax-efficient manner. Our foreign operations
are also subject to other risks and challenges, such as the need to staff and manage diverse workforces, respond to the needs of multiple national and international marketplaces, and differing business climates and cultures in various countries.

The performance of Snap-on’s mobile van tool distribution business depends on the success of its franchisees. 

Approximately 41% of our 2009 revenues were generated by the Snap-on Tools Group, which consists of Snap-on’s business
operations serving the worldwide van channel. Except in limited circumstances, each of our mobile tool vans is operated by a franchisee pursuant to a franchise agreement. Snap-on’s success is dependent on its relationships with franchisees,
individually and collectively, as they are the primary sales and service link between the company and vehicle service and repair technicians, who are an important class of end users for Snap-on’s products and services. If our franchisees are
not successful, or if we do not maintain an effective relationship with our franchisees, the delivery of products, the collection of receivables and/or our relationship with end users could be adversely affected and thereby negatively impact our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

 12

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED

Table of Contents

In addition, if we are unable to maintain effective relationships with franchisees, the company or the franchisees may choose to terminate the relationship, which may result in (i) open routes, in
which end-use customers are not provided reliable service; (ii) litigation resulting from termination; (iii) reduced collections or increased write-offs of franchisee receivables owed to Snap-on; and/or (iv) reduced collections or
increased write-offs of extended credit contracts and, to a lesser extent, lease contracts that are collected by franchisees on behalf of SOC. As Snap-on has approximately 4,800 franchisees worldwide and most of these franchise relationships are
governed by contract, it is not uncommon for litigation to result from the termination of these relationships. 

The effects
of brand rationalization, dealership closures and/or financial difficulties in the automotive industry could impact our business and operating results. 

Some of our business units have substantial interrelationships with the automotive industry. Substantial and continued weakness in the automotive industry has resulted in the bankruptcy of certain
automobile manufacturers, as well as suppliers and dealers who are dependent upon them. The ongoing effects of these bankruptcies and related reorganizations cannot yet be fully determined. These factors have already resulted in a reduction in the
number of automobile dealerships, and could result in further reductions, through consolidations or as a result of changes in the automakers or their manner of conducting business. Additionally, the weakness of companies in that industry could
affect their levels of purchases from us and the collectibility of amounts owed to us. Even though we believe that our products and services enhance productivity, a reduction in the number of automotive manufacturers and/or dealers, or their capital
expenditures, could substantially affect our sales. Any of those factors could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Raw material and energy price fluctuations and shortages (including steel and various fuel sources) could adversely affect the ability to obtain needed manufacturing materials and could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

The principal raw material used in the manufacture of our products is steel, which we
purchase in competitive, price-sensitive markets. To meet Snap-on’s high quality standards, our steel needs range from specialized alloys, which are available only from a limited group of approved suppliers, to commodity types of alloys. These
raw materials have historically exhibited price and demand fluctuations of a cyclical nature. Some of these materials have been, and in the future may be, in short supply. As some steel alloys require specialized manufacturing procedures, we could
experience inventory shortages if we were required to use an alternative manufacturer on short notice. Additionally, unexpected price increases for other raw materials could result in higher prices to our customers or an erosion of the margins on
our products. 

We believe our ability to sell our products is also dependent on the number of vehicles on the road, the number
of miles driven and the general aging of vehicles. These factors affect the frequency, type and amount of service and repair performed on vehicles by technicians, and therefore affect the demand for the number of technicians, the prosperity of the
technicians and, subsequently, the demand technicians have for our tools, other products and services, and the value technicians place on those products and services. To the extent that gasoline prices increase, consumers may turn to other,
non-gasoline based, methods of transportation, including more frequent use of public transportation. A decrease in the use of gasoline consuming vehicles may lead to fewer repairs and less demand for our products. 

We use various energy sources to transport, produce and distribute products, and some of our products have components that are petroleum
based. Petroleum and energy prices have recently been volatile and have periodically increased significantly over short periods of time; further volatility and changes may be caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuation,
production and transportation disruption, world events, and changes in governmental programs. Energy price increases raise both our operating costs and the costs of our materials, and we may not be able to increase our prices enough to offset these
costs. Higher prices also may reduce the level of future customer orders and our profitability. 

Our inability to provide
acceptable financing alternatives to end-user customers and franchisees could adversely impact our operating results. 

An
integral component of our business and profitability is our ability to offer financing alternatives to end-user customers and franchisees. Following the July 16, 2009 termination of our joint venture arrangement with CIT, Snap-on is now
providing the resources for the majority of this financing. As a result, we are more dependent upon our ability to obtain capital resources or other financing on terms that we believe are attractive to support SOC’s on-book receivables. The
lack of our ability to obtain capital resources or financing, whether resulting from the state of the financial markets, our own operating performance or other factors, would negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. Adverse
fluctuations in interest rates and/or our ability to provide competitive financing programs for other reasons could also have an adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. 

2009 ANNUAL REPORT

13

Table of Contents

Exposure to credit risks of customers and resellers may make it difficult to collect receivables and could adversely affect operating results and financial condition. 

Industry and economic conditions have the potential to weaken the financial position of some of our customers. If circumstances surrounding
our customers’ financial capabilities were to deteriorate, such write-downs or write-offs would negatively affect our operating results for the period in which they occur and, if large, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Regulatory changes related to financial services operations
could adversely affect operating results and financial condition. 

Financial services operations of all kinds are becoming
subject to increasing regulation. In addition to potentially increasing the costs of doing business, new laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, may affect the relationships between creditors and debtors or inhibit the
rights of creditors to collect amounts owed to them. For example, if such changes impede our ability to collect amounts that are due to us or limit the rates we can charge, our profitability would suffer. 

Instability and uncertainty in the credit and financial markets could adversely impact the availability of credit that we and our
customers need to operate our businesses. 

We depend upon the availability of credit to operate our business, including
the financing of receivables from end-user customers that are originated by SOC. Our end-user customers, franchisees and suppliers also require access to credit for their businesses. Instability and uncertainty in the credit and financial markets
could adversely impact the availability of future financing and the terms on which it might be available to Snap-on, its end-user customers, franchisees and suppliers. Inability to access credit markets, or a deterioration in the terms on which
financing might be available, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

We have increased our financial leverage, which could affect our operations and profitability. 

Over the past
several years, we have increased our use of borrowed funds, primarily to finance acquisitions and, most recently, to fund the receivables of SOC. The company’s increased leverage may affect both our availability of additional capital resources
in the future, as well as our operations in several ways, including: 

•

 The terms on which credit may be available to us could be less attractive, both in the economic terms of the credit and the covenants stipulated by
the credit terms; 

•

 The possible lack of availability of additional credit; 

•

 Higher levels of interest expense to service outstanding debt; 

•

 The possibility of additional borrowings in the future to repay our indebtedness when it comes due; and 

•

 The possible diversion of capital resources from other uses. 

While we believe we will have the ability to service our debt and obtain additional resources in the future if and when needed, that will depend upon our results of operations and
financial position at the time, the then-current state of the credit and financial markets, and other factors that may be beyond our control. Therefore, we cannot give assurances that credit will be available on terms that we consider attractive, or
at all, if and when necessary or beneficial to us. 

Failure to achieve expected investment returns on pension plan assets,
as well as changes in interest rates, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. 

Snap-on sponsors various defined benefit pension plans (“pension plans”). The assets of the pension plans are broadly diversified in an attempt to mitigate the risk of a large loss. The assets are invested in equity
securities, fixed income securities, real estate and other real assets, other alternative investments and cash. Required funding for the company’s defined benefit pension plans is determined in accordance with guidelines set forth in the
federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). Additional contributions to enhance the funded status of the pension plans can be made at the company’s discretion. However, there can be no assurance that the value of the pension plan
assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient to meet the future benefit obligations of such plans. In addition, during periods of adverse investment market conditions and declining interest rates, the company may
be required to make additional cash contributions to the plans that could reduce our financial flexibility. 

 14

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED

Table of Contents

Our pension plan obligations are affected by changes in market interest rates. Significant fluctuations in market interest rates have added, and may further add, volatility to our pension plan
obligations. Declining market interest rates will increase our pension plan obligations. While our plan assets are broadly diversified, there are inherent market risks associated with investments. Our pension plan assets, in the aggregate,
incurred a substantial loss in recent periods as a result of market conditions; if further adverse market conditions occur, our plan assets could incur additional losses. Since we may need to make additional contributions to address an increase
in obligations and/or a loss in plan assets, the combination of declining market interest rates and/or past or future plan asset investment losses could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

The company’s pension plan expense is comprised of the following factors: (i) service cost; (ii) interest on projected
benefit obligations; (iii) the expected return on plan assets; (iv) the amortization of prior service costs; and (v) the effects of actuarial gains and losses. The accounting for pensions involves the estimation of a number of factors
that are highly uncertain. Certain factors, such as the interest cost and the expected return on plan assets, are impacted by changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets. A significant decrease in market interest rates and a
decrease in the fair value of plan assets would increase net pension expense and may adversely affect the company’s future results of operations. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the company’s
pension plans. 

The steps taken to restructure operations, rationalize operating footprint, lower operating expenses, and
achieve greater efficiencies in the supply chain could disrupt business. 

We have taken steps in the past, and expect to
take additional steps in 2010, intended to improve customer service and to drive further efficiencies and reduce costs, some of which could be disruptive to our business. These actions, collectively across our operating groups, are focused on the
following: 

•

 Continuing to invest in initiatives focused on building a strong sales and operating presence in emerging growth markets; 

•

 Continuing to enhance service and value to our franchisees and customers; 

•

 Continuing to implement efficiency and productivity (collectively “Rapid Continuous Improvement” or “RCI”) initiatives throughout
the organization to drive further efficiencies and reduce costs; 

•

 Continuing on the company’s existing path to improve and transform global manufacturing and the supply chain into a market-demand-based
replenishment system, with lower costs; 

•

 Continuing to invest in developing and marketing new, innovative, higher-value-added products and advanced technologies; 

•

 Extending our products and services into additional and/or adjacent markets or to new customers; and 

•

 Continuing to provide financing for, and grow our portfolio of, on-book receivables at SOC. 

We believe that by executing on these focus areas, along with a continued commitment to new innovative products and RCI initiatives to drive
higher levels of productivity and lower costs, the company and its franchisees may realize stronger growth and profitability. However, failure to succeed in the implementation of any or all of these actions could result in an inability to achieve
our financial goals and could be disruptive to the business. 

In addition, reductions to headcount and other cost reduction
measures may result in the loss of technical expertise that could adversely affect our research and development efforts and ability to meet product development schedules. Efforts to reduce components of expense could result in the recording of
charges for inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs or other charges relating to the consolidation of facilities. If we were to incur a substantial charge to further these efforts, our earnings per share would be
adversely affected in such period. If we are unable to effectively manage our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be negatively affected. 

Failure to maintain effective distribution of products and services could adversely impact revenue, gross margin and profitability. 

We use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services. Successfully managing the interaction of our
distribution efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks, costs and gross margins, our failure to implement the most
advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins and therefore our profitability. 

2009 ANNUAL REPORT

15

Table of Contents

Risks associated with the disruption of manufacturing operations could adversely affect profitability or competitive position. 

We manufacture a significant portion of the products we sell. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing manufacturing facilities, whether due to technical or labor
difficulties, lack of raw material or component availability, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disasters, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events), or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

The inability to continue to introduce new
products that respond to customer needs and achieve market acceptance could result in lower revenues and reduced profitability. 

Sales from new products represent a significant portion of our net sales and are expected to continue to represent a significant component of our future net sales. We may not be able to compete effectively unless we continue to enhance
existing products or introduce new products to the marketplace in a timely manner. Product improvements and new product introductions require significant financial and other resources including significant planning, design, development, and testing
at the technological, product, and manufacturing process levels. Our competitors’ new products may beat our products to market, be more effective with more features, be less expensive than our products, and/or render our products obsolete.
Any new products that we develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for us relative to our expectations based on, among other things, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing
capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs, and research and development. 

The global
tool, equipment, and diagnostics and repair information industries are competitive. 

We face strong competition in all of
our market segments. Price competition in our various industries is intense and pricing pressures from competitors and customers are increasing. In general, as a manufacturer and marketer of premium products and services, the expectations of
Snap-on’s customers and its franchisees are high and increasing. Any inability to maintain customer satisfaction could diminish Snap-on’s premium image and reputation and could result in a lessening of its ability to command premium
pricing. We expect that the level of competition will remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase market share or profitability. 

Product liability claims and litigation could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

The products that we design and/or manufacture can lead to product liability claims being filed against us. To the extent that plaintiffs are successful in showing that defects in
the design or manufacture of our products led to personal injury or property damage, we may be subject to claims for damages. Although we are insured for damages above a certain amount, we bear the costs and expenses associated with defending
claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and are responsible for damages below the insurance retention amount. As a manufacturer, we can be subject to the costs and potential negative publicity of product recalls, which could impact our results.

Legal disputes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

From time to time we are subject to legal disputes that are being litigated and/or settled in the ordinary course of
business. For example, as described more fully below in “Item 3: Legal Proceedings,” Snap-on has a dispute pending in arbitration with CIT in which both parties make claims relating to matters that occurred during the course of their joint
venture. That dispute, and any other dispute or future lawsuit, could result in the diversion of management’s time and attention away from business operations. Additionally, negative developments with respect to legal disputes and the costs
incurred in defending ourselves could have an adverse impact on us. Adverse outcomes or settlements could also require us to pay damages, potentially in excess of amounts reserved, or incur liability for other remedies that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Information technology
infrastructure is critical to supporting business objectives; failure of our information technology infrastructure to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. 

We depend heavily on information technology infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. If a problem occurs that impairs this infrastructure, the resulting disruption could
impede our ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on business in the normal course. Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur significant
expense to remediate. 

 16

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED

Table of Contents

In association with initiatives to better integrate business units, rationalize operating footprint and improve responsiveness to franchisees and customers, Snap-on is continually replacing and enhancing
its existing global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) management information systems. As we integrate, implement and deploy new information technology processes and a common information infrastructure across our global operations, we could
experience disruptions in our business that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

The recognition of impairment charges on goodwill or other intangible assets would adversely impact future financial position and results of operations. 

We are required to perform impairment tests on our goodwill and other intangibles annually or at any time when events occur that could
impact the value of our business segments. Our determination of whether impairment has occurred is based on a comparison of each of our reporting units’ fair market value with its carrying value. Significant and unanticipated changes in
circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate, adverse actions by regulators, unanticipated competition, loss of key customers, including large customers associated with the automotive industry, and/or changes in technology
or markets, could require a provision for impairment in a future period that could substantially impact our reported earnings and reduce our consolidated net worth and shareholders’ equity. In 2009, certain of our European-based businesses were
significantly impacted by the economic downturn that particularly affected various markets in Europe. Should the economic environment in these markets deteriorate from 2009 levels, our results of operations and financial position could be materially
impacted, including as a result of the effects of potential impairment write-downs of goodwill and/or other intangible assets related to these businesses. 

Failure to adequately protect intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

Intellectual property rights are an important and integral component of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade
secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative proceeding could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products or prevent us from
stopping others from manufacturing and selling competing products. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our operations expose us to the risk of environmental liabilities, costs, litigation and violations that could adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Certain of our operations are subject to environmental laws
and regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and water and establish standards for the generation, treatment, use, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes.
We must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the United States and abroad in connection with our operations. Failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and
damage to our reputation. In addition, we may incur costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices. We cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or
future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates. 

The inability to successfully
defend claims from taxing authorities could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the subjectivity of tax laws between those jurisdictions, as well as the subjectivity of
factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. Claims from taxing authorities related to these differences could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flow. 

Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could lead to a loss of revenue and/or
profitability. 

Snap-on’s success depends, in part, on the efforts and abilities of its senior management team and
other key employees. Their skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract and retain members of our senior management team and other key employees could have a negative effect
on our operating results. In addition, transitions of important responsibilities to new individuals inherently include the possibility of disruptions to our business and operations, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow. 

2009 ANNUAL REPORT

17

Table of Contents

We may not successfully integrate businesses we acquire, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

The pursuit of future growth through acquisitions, including participation in joint ventures, involves significant risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. These risks include: 

•

 Loss of the acquired businesses’ customers; 

•

 An inability to integrate successfully the acquired businesses’ operations; 

•

 Inability to coordinate management and integrate and retain employees of the acquired businesses; 

•

 Difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;

•

 Failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other anticipated benefits, or to maintain operating margins;

•

 Strain on our personnel, systems and resources, and diversion of attention from other priorities; 

•

 Incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense; 

•

 The dilutive effect of the issuance of additional equity securities; 

•

 Unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the acquired businesses; and 

•

 Large write-offs or write-downs, or the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets.