Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may
 adversely affect our operations and our stock
 price.  Our quarterly and annual operating results
 have fluctuated significantly in the past and we expect that
 they will continue to fluctuate in the future. This fluctuation
 could result from a variety of factors, including, among others,
 the following:

 • 

 decline in the average selling prices, net of promotions, for
 our products due to strategic price reductions initiated by us
 or our competitors, excess supply and competitive pricing
 pressures;

 • 

 addition of new competitors, expansion of supply from existing
 competitors or cancellation of orders creating excess market
 supply, which could cause our average selling prices to decline
 faster than our costs decline;

 • 

 timing, volume and cost of wafer production from the FlashVision
 and Flash Partners ventures as impacted by fab
 start-up
 delays and costs, technology transitions, yields or production
 interruptions due to natural disasters, power outages, equipment
 failure or other factors;

 • 

 unpredictable or changing demand for our products, particularly
 demand for certain types or capacities of our products or demand
 for our products in certain markets or geographies;

 • 

 insufficient supply from captive and non-captive sources or
 insufficient capacity from our test and assembly sub-contractors
 to meet demand;

 13

Table of Contents

 • 

 continued development of new markets and products for NAND flash
 memory and acceptance of our products in these markets;

 • 

 our license and royalty revenues may decline significantly in
 the future as our existing license agreements and key patents
 expire;

 • 

 timing of sell through by our distributors and retail customers;

 • 

 increased purchases of flash memory products from our
 non-captive sources, which typically have higher costs than our
 captive sources;

 • 

 difficulty in forecasting and managing inventory levels;
 particularly, building a large inventory of unsold product due
 to noncancelable contractual obligations to purchase materials
 such as flash memory, controllers, printed circuit boards and
 discrete components;

 • 

 write-downs of our investments in fabrication capacity, equity
 investments and other assets;

 • 

 expensing of share-based compensation;

 • 

 adverse changes in product and customer mix;

 • 

 terrorist attacks, governmental responses to those attacks and
 natural disasters;

 • 

 changes in general economic conditions; and

 • 

 the factors listed elsewhere under “Risk Factors.”

 Sales to a small number of customers represent a significant
 portion of our revenues and, if we were to lose one of our major
 licensees or customers or experience any material reduction in
 orders from any of our customers, our revenues and operating
 results would suffer.  Sales to our top 10
 customers and licensees accounted for more than 50%, 55% and 48%
 of our total revenues during the fiscal years of 2005, 2004 and
 2003, respectively. If we were to lose one of our major
 licensees or customers or experience any material reduction in
 orders from any of our customers or in sales of licensed
 products by our licensees, our revenues and operating results
 would suffer. Additionally, our license and royalty revenues may
 decline significantly in the future as our existing license
 agreements expire. Our sales are generally made by standard
 purchase orders rather than long-term contracts. Accordingly,
 our customers may generally terminate or reduce their purchases
 from us at any time without notice or penalty. In addition, the
 composition of our major customer base changes from

year-to-year
 as we enter new markets.

 Our business depends significantly upon sales of products in
 the highly competitive consumer market, a significant portion of
 which are made to retailers and through distributors, and if our
 distributors and retailers are not successful in this market, we
 could experience substantial product returns, which would
 negatively impact our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.  A significant portion of our sales
 are made through retailers, either directly or through
 distributors. Sales through these channels typically include
 rights to return unsold inventory and protection against price
 declines. As a result, we do not recognize revenue until after
 the product has been sold through to the end user, in the case
 of sales to retailers, or to our distributors’ customers,
 in the case of sales to distributors. If our distributors and
 retailers are not successful in this market, we could experience
 substantial product returns or price protection claims, which
 would harm our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. Availability of sell-through data varies throughout
 the retail channel, which makes it difficult for us to determine
 actual retail product revenues until after the end of each of
 our fiscal quarters. Our arrangements with our customers also
 provide them price protection against declines in our
 recommended selling prices, which has the effect of reducing our
 deferred revenue and eventually revenue. Except in limited
 circumstances, we do not have exclusive relationships with our
 retailers or distributors and therefore must rely on them to
 effectively sell our products over those of our competitors.

 Our average selling prices, net of promotions, may decline
 due to excess supply, competitive pricing pressures and
 strategic price reductions initiated by us or our
 competitors.  The market for NAND flash products
 is competitive and characterized by rapid price declines. Price
 declines may be influenced by, among other factors, strategic
 price decreases by us or our competitors such as that
 implemented by us in the first quarter of 2006, supply

 14

Table of Contents

 in excess of demand from existing or new competitors, technology
 transitions, including adoption of multi-level cell, or MLC, by
 other competitors, new technologies or other strategic actions
 by competitors to gain market share. If our technology
 transitions and cost reductions fail to keep pace with the rate
 of price decline or our price decreases fail to generate
 sufficient additional demand, our gross margin and operating
 results will be negatively impacted.

 Our revenue depends in part on the success of products sold
 by our OEM customers.  A portion of our sales are
 to a number of OEMs, who bundle our flash memory products with
 their products, such as cameras or handsets. Our sales to these
 customers are dependent upon the OEM choosing our products over
 those of our competitors and on the OEM’s ability to
 create, introduce, market and sell these products successfully
 in its respective markets. Should our OEM customers be
 unsuccessful in selling their current or future products that
 include our product, or should they decide to discontinue
 bundling our products, our results of operation and financial
 condition could be harmed.

 The continued growth of our business depends on the
 development of new markets and products for NAND flash
 memory.  Over the last several years, we have
 derived the majority of our revenue from the digital camera
 market. This market continues to experience slower growth rates
 for our products and continues to represent a declining
 percentage of our total revenue and therefore, our growth will
 be increasingly dependent on the development of new markets and
 new products for NAND flash memory. Furthermore, in 2005, our
 revenue from the digital camera market grew by only 4% over the
 prior year, and it is possible that our revenue from this market
 could decline in future years. Newer markets for flash memory
 include USB drives, handsets, gaming and digital audio players.
 There can be no assurance that new markets and products will
 develop and grow fast enough, or that new markets will adopt
 NAND flash technologies or our products, to enable us to
 continue our growth.

 We continually seek to develop new applications, products,
 technologies and standards, which may not be widely adopted by
 consumers or, if adopted, may reduce demand by consumers for our
 older products.  We continually seek to develop
 new applications, products and standards and enhance existing
 products and standards with higher memory capacities and other
 enhanced features. New applications, such as the adoption of
 flash memory cards in mobile handsets, can take several years to
 develop. Early successes in working with handset manufacturers
 to add card slots to their mobile phones does not guarantee that
 consumers will adopt memory cards used for storing songs, images
 and other content. Our new products may not gain market
 acceptance and we may not be successful in penetrating the new
 markets that we target, such as handsets, digital audio players
 or pre-recorded flash memory cards. As we introduce new
 standards or technologies, such as TrustedFlash, it can take
 time for these new standards or technologies to be adopted, for
 consumers to accept and transition to these new standards or
 technologies and for significant sales to be generated from
 them, if this happens at all. Moreover, broad acceptance of new
 standards, technologies or products by consumers may reduce
 demand for our older products. For example, the digital still
 camera market is shifting away from use of CompactFlash memory
 cards to other form factors, such as SD cards. If this decreased
 demand is not offset by increased demand for our other form
 factors or our new products, our results of operations could be
 harmed. Any new applications, products, technologies or
 standards we develop may not be commercially successful.

 We face competition from numerous manufacturers and marketers
 of products using flash memory, as well as from manufacturers of
 new and alternative technologies, and if we cannot compete
 effectively, our results of operations and financial condition
 will suffer.  Our competitors include many large
 domestic and international companies that have greater access to
 advanced wafer manufacturing capacity and substantially greater
 financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do,
 which allows them to produce flash memory chips in high volumes
 at low costs and to sell these flash memory chips themselves or
 to our flash card competitors at a low cost. Some of our
 competitors may sell their flash memory chips at or below their
 true manufacturing costs to gain market share and to cover their
 fixed costs. Such practices have been common in the DRAM
 industry during periods of excess supply, and have resulted in
 substantial losses in the DRAM industry. In addition, many
 semiconductor companies have begun to bring up substantial new
 capacity of flash memory, including MLC flash memory. For
 example, Samsung began shipping its first MLC chips in the third
 quarter of 2005 and further ramped its MLC output in the fourth
 quarter of 2005. In addition, Hynix is aggressively ramping NAND
 output and IM Flash is expected to produce significant NAND
 output in the future. If the combined total new flash memory
 capacity exceeds the corresponding growth in demand, prices may
 decline dramatically, adversely impacting our results of

 15

Table of Contents

 operations and financial condition. In addition, current and
 future competitors produce or could produce alternative flash
 memory technologies that compete against our NAND flash memory
 technology.

 Our primary semiconductor competitors continue to include our
 historical competitors Renesas, Samsung and Toshiba. New
 competitors include Hynix, Infineon, Micron and STMicro, which
 began shipping NAND or
 NAND-competitive
 memory in 2004. If any of these competitors increase their
 memory output, as Hynix recently has, it will likely result in a
 decline in the prevailing prices for packaged NAND semiconductor
 components.

 We compete with flash memory card manufacturers and resellers.
 These companies purchase, or have a captive supply of, flash
 memory components and assemble memory cards. These companies
 include, among others,
 Dane-Elec,
 Delkin, Fuji, Hagiwara, Hama, I/O Data, Infineon, Jessops PLC,
 KingMax, Kingston, Lexar,

M-Systems,
 Matsushita Battery Industrial Co., Ltd., Matsushita, Micron,
 Memorex, Panasonic, PNY, PQI Corp., Pretec Electronics, Renesas,
 Samsung, Sharp, Sony, Toshiba and Viking Components.

 Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources
 than we do, have well recognized brand names or have the ability
 to operate their business on lower margins than we do. The
 success of our competitors may adversely affect our future sales
 revenues and may result in the loss of our key customers. For
 example, Samsung, with significant manufacturing capacity, brand
 recognition and access to broad distribution channels, provides
 competing flash cards, such as the MMC
 micro
tm

 that competes directly with our microSD mobile card. Lexar
 markets a line of flash cards bearing the Kodak brand name,
 which competes with our flash memory cards. Our handset card
 products also face competition from embedded solutions from
 competitors including Intel, M-Systems and Samsung. Our digital
 audio players face competition from similar products offered by
 other companies, including Apple, Creative, iriver and Samsung.
 Our USB flash drives face competition from Lexar, Memorex,
 M-Systems and PNY, among others. If our products cannot compete
 effectively, our market share and profitability will be
 adversely impacted.

 Furthermore, many companies are pursuing new or alternative
 technologies, such as nanotechnologies or microdrives, which may
 compete with flash memory. These new or alternative technologies
 may provide smaller size, higher capacity, reduced costs, lower
 power consumption or other advantages. If we cannot compete
 effectively, our results of operations and financial condition
 will suffer.

 We have patent cross-license agreements with several of our
 leading competitors. Under these agreements, we have enabled
 competitors to manufacture and sell products that incorporate
 technology covered by our patents. If we continue to license our
 patents to our competitors, competition may increase and may
 harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a
 number of factors, including:

 • 

 price, quality and on-time delivery to our customers;

 • 

 product performance, availability and differentiation;

 • 

 success in developing new applications and new market segments;

 • 

 sufficient availability of supply;

 • 

 efficiency of production;

 • 

 timing of new product announcements or introductions by us, our
 customers and our competitors;

 • 

 the ability of our competitors to incorporate standards or
 develop formats which we do not offer;

 • 

 the number and nature of our competitors in a given market;

 • 

 successful protection of intellectual property rights; and

 • 

 general market and economic conditions.

 We may not be able to successfully compete in the marketplace.

 The semiconductor industry is subject to significant
 downturns that have harmed our business, financial condition and
 results of operations in the past and may do so in the
 future.  The semiconductor industry is highly

 16

Table of Contents

 cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid
 technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price
 declines, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide
 fluctuations in product supply and demand. The industry has
 experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or
 in anticipation of, maturing product cycles of both
 semiconductor companies’ and their customers’ products
 and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns
 have been characterized by diminished product demand, production
 overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated declines in
 selling prices. We have experienced these conditions in our
 business in the past and may experience such downturns in the
 future.

 Our business and the markets we address are subject to
 significant fluctuations in supply and demand and our
 commitments to our ventures with Toshiba may result in
 losses.  Through our ramp in Flash Partners, we
 expect our 2006 captive memory supply to increase by a higher
 percentage than our flash memory supply increased in either of
 the last two years. Our obligation to purchase 50% of the output
 from FlashVision and Flash Partners could harm our business and
 results of operations if our committed supply exceeds demand for
 our products. The adverse effects could include, among other
 things, significant decreases in our product prices, significant
 excess, obsolete or lower of cost or market inventory
 write-downs and the impairment of our investments in the
 ventures with Toshiba. Any future excess supply could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We depend on third-party foundries for silicon supply and any
 shortage or disruption in our supply from these sources will
 reduce our revenues, earnings and gross
 margins.  All of our flash memory card products
 require silicon supply for the memory and controller components.
 The substantial majority of our flash memory is currently
 supplied by our ventures with Toshiba and by Toshiba pursuant to
 our foundry agreement, and to a lesser extent by Renesas and
 Samsung. Any disruption in supply of flash memory from our
 captive or non-captive sources would harm our operating results.
 For example, we intend to increase production at Fab 3 and we
 also procure wafers from non-captive sources. If Fab 3
 production ramp does not increase as anticipated or our
 non-captive sources fail to supply wafers in the amounts and at
 the times we expect, we may not have sufficient supply to meet
 demand and our operating results will be harmed. Currently, our
 controller wafers are only manufactured by Tower and UMC, and
 some of these controllers are sole-sourced at either UMC or
 Tower. Any disruption in the manufacturing operations of Tower
 or UMC would result in delivery delays, would adversely affect
 our ability to make timely shipments of our products and would
 harm our operating results until we could qualify an alternate
 source of supply for our controller wafers, which could take
 three or more quarters to complete. In times of significant
 growth in global demand for flash memory, demand from our
 customers may outstrip the supply of flash memory and
 controllers available to us from our current sources. If our
 silicon vendors are unable to satisfy our requirements on
 competitive terms or at all due to lack of capacity,
 technological difficulties, natural disaster, financial
 difficulty, power failure, labor unrest, their refusal to do
 business with us, their relationships with our competitors or
 other causes, we may lose potential sales and our business,
 financial condition and operating results may suffer. In
 addition, these risks are magnified at Toshiba’s Yokkaichi
 operations, where the ventures are operated and Toshiba’s
 foundry capacity is located. For example, earthquakes, as well
 as unrelated power outages, have resulted in production line
 stoppage and loss of wafers in Yokkaichi and similar stoppages
 and losses may occur in the future. Also, the Tower fabrication
 facility, from which we source controller wafers, is facing
 financial challenges and is located in Israel, an area of
 political turmoil. Any disruption or delay in supply from our
 silicon sources could significantly harm our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Our actual manufacturing yields may be lower than our
 expectations resulting in increased costs and product
 shortages.  The fabrication of our products
 requires wafers to be produced in a highly controlled and ultra
 clean environment. Semiconductor manufacturing yields and
 product reliability are a function of both design technology and
 manufacturing process technology and production delays may be
 caused by equipment malfunctions, fabrication facility accidents
 or human errors. Yield problems may not be identified or
 improved until an actual product is made and can be tested. As a
 result, yield problems may not be identified until the wafers
 are well into the production process. We have from time to time
 experienced yields which have adversely affected our business
 and results of operations. We have experienced adverse yields on
 more than one occasion when we have transitioned to new
 generations of products. If actual yields are low, we will
 experience higher costs and reduced product supply, which could
 harm our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. For example, if the production ramp

and/or yield
 of the 70-nanometer, 300-millimeter Flash Partners wafers does
 not increase as expected, we may not

 17

Table of Contents

 have enough supply to meet demand and our cost competitiveness,
 business, financial condition and results of operations will be
 harmed.

 We depend on our third-party subcontractors and our business
 could be harmed if our subcontractors do not perform as
 planned.  We rely on third-party subcontractors
 for our wafer testing, IC assembly, packaged testing, product
 assembly, product testing and order fulfillment. From time to
 time, our subcontractors have experienced difficulty in meeting
 our requirements. If we are unable to increase the capacity of
 our current sub-contractors or qualify and engage additional
 sub-contractors, we may not be able to meet demand for our
 products. We do not have long-term contracts with our existing
 subcontractors nor do we expect to have long-term contracts with
 any new subcontract suppliers. We do not have exclusive
 relationships with any of our subcontractors and therefore
 cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources to
 manufacturing our products. We cannot, and will not, be able to
 directly control product delivery schedules. Furthermore, we
 manufacture on a turnkey basis with some of our subcontract
 suppliers. In these arrangements we do not have visibility and
 control of their inventories of purchased parts necessary to
 build our products or of the progress of our products through
 their assembly line. Any significant problems that occur at our
 subcontractors, or their failure to perform at the level we
 expect, could lead to product shortages or quality assurance
 problems, either of which would have adverse effects on our
 operating results.

 In transitioning to new processes, products and silicon
 sources, we face production and market acceptance risks that
 have caused, and may in the future cause significant product
 delays that could harm our business.  Successive
 generations of our products have incorporated semiconductors
 with greater memory capacity per chip. The transition to new
 generations of products, such as the 70-nanometer 8 gigabit MLC
 chip which we began shipping in the third quarter of 2005, is
 highly complex and requires new controllers, new test procedures
 and modifications of numerous aspects of manufacturing, as well
 as extensive qualification of the new products by both us and
 our OEM customers. In addition, procurement of MLC wafers from
 non-captive sources requires us to develop new controller
 technology and may result in inadequate quality or performance
 in our products that integrate these MLC components. Any
 material delay in a development or qualification schedule could
 delay deliveries and adversely impact our operating results. We
 periodically have experienced significant delays in the
 development and volume production

ramp-up of
 our products. Similar delays could occur in the future and could
 harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our products may contain errors or defects, which could
 result in the rejection of our products, product recalls, damage
 to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources
 and increased service costs and warranty claims and
 litigation.  Our products are complex, must meet
 stringent user requirements, may contain errors or defects and
 the majority of our products are warrantied for one to five
 years. Errors or defects in our products may be caused by, among
 other things, errors or defects in the memory or controller
 components, including components we procure from non-captive
 sources such as the MLC products we procure from a third-party
 supplier. These factors could result in the rejection of our
 products, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted
 development resources, increased customer service and support
 costs and warranty claims and litigation. We record an allowance
 for warranty and similar costs in connection with sales of our
 product, but actual warranty and similar costs may be
 significantly higher than our recorded estimate and result in an
 adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 Our new products have from time to time been introduced with
 design and production errors at a rate higher than the error
 rate in our established products. We must estimate warranty and
 similar costs for new products without historical information
 and actual costs may significantly exceed our recorded
 estimates. Underestimation of our warranty and similar costs
 would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 We and Toshiba plan to continue to expand the wafer
 fabrication capacity of the Flash Partners business venture and
 as we do so, we will make substantial capital investments and
 incur substantial
 start-up and
 tool relocation costs, which could adversely impact our
 operating results.
  We and Toshiba are making, and
 plan to continue to make, substantial investments in new capital
 assets to expand the wafer fabrication capacity of our Flash
 Partners business venture in Japan. We and Toshiba recently
 announced our intention to accelerate expansion at Fab 3 to
 bring wafer capacity to 70,000 wafers per month by March 2007
 and in addition, we and Toshiba are considering a potential new
 advanced NAND Fab beyond Fab 3. Each time that we and Toshiba
 add substantial new wafer fabrication capacity, we will
 experience significant initial design and development and

start-up
 costs as a

 18

Table of Contents

 result of the delay between the time of the investment and the
 time qualified products are manufactured and sold in volume
 quantities. For several quarters, we will incur initial design
 and development costs and
 start-up
 costs and pay our share of ongoing operating activities even if
 we do not achieve the planned output volume or utilize our full
 share of the expanded output, and these costs will impact our
 gross margins, results of operations and financial condition.

 There is no assurance that Flash Partners’
 300-millimeter NAND flash memory facility will perform as
 expected.  We believe that our future success will
 continue to depend on the development and introduction of new
 generations of flash memory wafers, such as the 300-millimeter
 wafers produced by Flash Partners. These wafers are
 substantially larger in surface area and therefore more
 susceptible to new technological and manufacturing issues, such
 as mechanical and thermal stresses, than 200-millimeter wafers
 that we use in production at Yokkaichi Fabs 1 and 2. We have
 limited experience in operating a wafer manufacturing line and
 we rely on Toshiba’s capability to operate and manage the
 Yokkaichi facilities. Toshiba does not have prior experience in
 manufacturing 300-millimeter advanced NAND designs, nor in
 operating a new equipment set that has to be optimized to
 process 300-millimeter NAND wafers with competitive yields.
 Flash Partners’ facility may not perform as expected or
 ramp to volume production on time, and the cost to equip the
 facility may be significantly more than planned. Samsung, the
 world’s largest NAND flash memory manufacturer, already has
 experience manufacturing 300-millimeter wafers with 90- and
 70-nanometer feature sizes. Also, Samsung is licensed under our
 patents to use MLC technology, which further enhances its
 manufacturing capabilities, and began shipping NAND/MLC products
 in the third quarter of 2005. Samsung may be able to produce
 product at a lower cost than we can and increase their market
 share, thus adversely affecting our operating results and
 financial condition.

 We have a contingent indemnification obligation for certain
 liabilities Toshiba incurs as a result of Toshiba’s
 guarantee of the FlashVision equipment lease arrangement and
 have environmental and intellectual property indemnification as
 well as guarantee obligations with respect to Flash
 Partners.  Toshiba has guaranteed
 FlashVision’s lease arrangement with third-party lessors.
 The total minimum remaining lease payments as of
 January  1, 2006 were 17.7 billion Japanese yen,
 or approximately $150 million based upon the exchange rate
 at January 1, 2006. If Toshiba makes payments under its
 guarantee, we have agreed to indemnify Toshiba for 49.9% of its
 costs.

 In December 2004, Flash Partners entered into an equipment lease
 facility of 50.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately
 $424 million based upon the exchange rate at
 January 1, 2006, which, as of January 1, 2006, had
 been drawn down in its entirety. As of January 1, 2006, our
 cumulative guarantee under this equipment lease, net of
 cumulative lease payments was approximately 24.0 billion
 Japanese yen, or approximately $203 million based on the
 exchange rate at January 1, 2006. In December 2005, Flash
 Partners secured an additional equipment lease facility of
 35.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately
 $296 million based upon the exchange rate at
 January 1, 2006. Flash Partners had not drawn under this
 equipment lease facility at the end of fiscal 2005; however, the
 entire amount was drawn down in January 2006. We and Toshiba
 each guaranteed, on a several basis, 50% of Flash Partners’
 obligation under this master lease.

 We and Toshiba have also agreed to mutually contribute to, and
 indemnify each other and Flash Partners for, environmental
 remediation costs or liability resulting from Flash
 Partners’ manufacturing operations in certain
 circumstances. In addition, we and Toshiba entered into a Patent
 Indemnification Agreement under which in many cases we will
 share in the expenses associated with the defense and cost of
 settlement associated with such claims. This agreement provides
 limited protection for us against third-party claims that NAND
 flash memory products manufactured and sold by Flash Partners
 infringe third-party patents.

 None of the foregoing obligations are reflected as liabilities
 on our consolidated balance sheets. If we have to perform our
 obligations under these agreements, our business will be harmed
 and our financial condition and results of operations will be
 adversely affected.

 Seasonality in our business may result in our inability to
 accurately forecast our product purchase
 requirements.  Sales of our products in the
 consumer electronics market are subject to seasonality. For
 example, sales have typically increased significantly in the
 fourth quarter of each year, sometimes followed by declines in
 the first quarter of the following year. This seasonality
 increases the complexity of forecasting our business. If our
 forecasts are inaccurate, we can lose market share or procure
 excess inventory or inappropriately increase or decrease our

 19

Table of Contents

 operating expenses, any of which could harm our business,
 financial condition and results of operations. This seasonality
 also may lead to higher volatility in our stock price, the need
 for significant working capital investments in receivables and
 inventory and our need to build up inventory levels in advance
 of our most active selling seasons.

 From time to time, we overestimate our requirements and build
 excess inventories, and underestimate our requirements and have
 a shortage of supply, both of which harm our financial
 results.  The majority of our products are sold
 into consumer markets, which are difficult to accurately
 forecast. Also, a substantial majority of our quarterly sales
 are from orders received and fulfilled in that quarter.
 Additionally, we depend upon timely reporting from our retail
 and distributor customers as to their inventory levels and sales
 of our products in order to forecast demand for our products.
 Our international customers submit these reports on a monthly,
 not weekly, basis making it more difficult to accurately
 forecast demand. We have in the past significantly
 over-forecasted and under-forecasted actual demand for our
 products. The failure to accurately forecast demand for our
 products will result in lost sales or excess inventory both of
 which will have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. In addition, at times
 inventories may increase in anticipation of increased demand or
 as captive wafer capacity ramps. If demand does not materialize,
 we may be forced to write-down excess inventory which may harm
 our financial condition and results of operations.

 Under conditions of tight flash memory supply, we may be unable
 to adequately increase our production volumes or secure
 sufficient supply in order to maintain our market share. If we
 are unable to maintain market share, our results of operations
 and financial condition could be harmed. Conversely, during
 periods of excess supply in the market for our flash memory
 products, we may lose market share to competitors who
 aggressively lower their prices.

 Our ability to respond to changes in market conditions from our
 forecast is limited by our purchasing arrangements with our
 silicon sources. These arrangements generally provide that the
 first three months of our rolling nine-month projected supply
 requirements are fixed and we may make only limited percentage
 changes in the second three months of the period covered by our
 supply requirement projections.

 We are sole sourced for a number of our critical components
 and the absence of a
 back-up
 supplier exposes our supply chain to unanticipated
 disruptions.
  We rely on our vendors, some of
 which are a sole source of supply, for many of our critical
 components. We do not have long-term supply agreements with most
 of these vendors. Our business, financial condition and
 operating results could be significantly harmed by delays or
 reductions in shipments if we are unable to develop alternative
 sources or obtain sufficient quantities of these components.

 We are exposed to foreign currency risks.  Our
 purchases of NAND flash memory from the Toshiba venture and our
 investments in those ventures are denominated in Japanese yen.
 Additionally, we expect over time to increase the percentage of
 our sales denominated in currencies other than the
 U.S. dollar. Management of these foreign exchange exposures
 and the foreign currency forward contracts used to mitigate
 these exposures is complicated and if we do not successfully
 manage our foreign exchange exposures, our business, results of
 operations and financial condition could be harmed.

 Terrorist attacks, war, threats of war and government
 responses thereto may negatively impact our operations,
 revenues, costs and stock price.  Terrorist
 attacks, U.S. military responses to these attacks, war,
 threats of war and any corresponding decline in consumer
 confidence could have a negative impact on consumer retail
 demand, which is the largest channel for our products. Any of
 these events may disrupt our operations or those of our
 customers and suppliers and may affect the availability of
 materials needed to manufacture our products or the means to
 transport those materials to manufacturing facilities and
 finished products to customers. Any of these events could
 increase volatility in the U.S. and world financial markets,
 which could harm our stock price and may limit the capital
 resources available to us and our customers or suppliers or
 adversely affect consumer confidence. This could harm our
 business and results of operations.

 Natural disasters or epidemics in the countries in which we
 or our suppliers or subcontractors operate could negatively
 impact our operations.  Our operations, including
 those of our suppliers and subcontractors, are concentrated in
 Sunnyvale, California, Yokkaichi, Japan, Hsinchu and Taichung,
 Taiwan and Dongguan, Shanghai and Shenzen, China. In the past,
 these areas have been affected by natural disasters such as
 earthquakes, tsunamis and typhoons, and some areas have been
 affected by epidemics, such as SARS. If a natural disaster or
 epidemic were

 20

Table of Contents

 to occur in one or more or these areas, our disaster recovery
 processes may not provide adequate business continuity. In
 addition, we do not have insurance for most natural disasters,
 including earthquakes. This could harm our business and results
 of operations.

 We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights,
 which would harm our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.  We rely on a combination of
 patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws,
 confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect
 our intellectual property rights. In the past, we have been
 involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our
 intellectual property rights and those of others, including
 claims that we may be infringing third parties’ patents,
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We expect
 that we may be involved in similar disputes in the future.

 We cannot assure you that:

 • 

 any of our existing patents will not be invalidated;

 • 

 patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;

 • 

 any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have
 sufficient scope or strength;

 • 

 our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our
 products are sold in order to protect our rights and potential
 commercial advantage; or

 • 

 any of our products or technologies do not infringe on the
 patents of other companies.

 In addition, our competitors may be able to design their
 products around our patents and other proprietary rights.

 Several companies have recently entered or announced their
 intentions to enter the flash memory market, and we believe
 these companies may require a license from us. Enforcement of
 our rights may require litigation. If we bring a patent
 infringement action and are not successful, our competitors
 would be able to use similar technology to compete with us.
 Moreover, the defendant in such an action may successfully
 countersue us for infringement of their patent or assert a
 counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. If
 we did not prevail as a defendant in patent infringement case,
 we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the
 manufacture, use and sale of infringing products, expend
 significant resources to develop non-infringing technology,
 discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to
 the infringing technology.

 We may be unable to license intellectual property to or from
 third parties as needed, or renew existing licenses, and we have
 agreed to indemnify various suppliers and customers for alleged
 patent infringement, which could expose us to liability for
 damages, increase our costs or limit or prohibit us from selling
 products.  If we incorporate third-party
 technology into our products or if we are found to infringe
 others’ intellectual property, we could be required to
 license intellectual property from a third party. We may also
 need to license some of our intellectual property to others in
 order to enable us to obtain important cross-licenses to
 third-party patents. We cannot be certain that licenses will be
 offered when we need them, or that the terms offered will be
 acceptable, or that these licenses will help our business. If we
 do obtain licenses from third parties, we may be required to pay
 license fees or royalty payments. In addition, if we are unable
 to obtain a license that is necessary to the manufacture of our
 products, we could be required to suspend the manufacture of
 products or stop our product suppliers from using processes that
 may infringe the rights of third parties. We may not be
 successful in redesigning our products, the necessary licenses
 may not be available under reasonable terms, our existing
 licensees may not renew their licenses upon expiration and we
 may not be successful in signing new licensees in the future.

 We are currently and may in the future be involved in
 litigation, including litigation regarding our intellectual
 property rights or those of third parties, which may be costly,
 may divert the efforts of our key personnel and could result in
 adverse court rulings which could materially harm our
 business.  We are involved in a number of
 lawsuits, including among others, several cases involving our
 patents and the patents of third parties. We are the plaintiff
 in some of these actions and the defendant in other of these
 actions. Some of the actions could seek injunctions against the
 sale of our products

and/or
 substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 21

Table of Contents

 Litigation is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that
 may cause actual results to differ materially from our
 expectations. Factors that could cause litigation results to
 differ include, but are not limited to, the discovery of
 previously unknown facts, changes in the law or in the
 interpretation of laws, and uncertainties associated with the
 judicial decision-making process. If we receive an adverse
 judgment in any litigation, we could be required to pay
 substantial damages
 and/or cease
 the manufacture, use and sale of products. Litigation, including
 intellectual property litigation, can be complex, can extend for
 a protracted period of time, and can be very expensive.
 Litigation initiated by us could also result in counter-claims
 against us, which could increase the costs associated with the
 litigation and result in our payment of damages or other
 judgments against us. In addition, litigation may divert the
 efforts and attention of some of our key personnel.

 We have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to claims
 and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of
 the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 of third parties. From time to time we have sued, and may in the
 future sue, third parties in order to protect our intellectual
 property rights. Parties that we have sued and that we may sue
 for patent infringement may countersue us for infringing their
 patents. If we are held to infringe the intellectual property of
 others, we may need to spend significant resources to develop
 non-infringing technology or obtain licenses from third parties,
 but we may not be able to develop such technology or acquire
 such licenses on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may also
 be required to pay significant damages
 and/or
 discontinue the use of certain manufacturing or design
 processes. In addition, we or our suppliers could be enjoined
 from selling some or all of our respective products in one or
 more geographic locations. If we or our suppliers are enjoined
 from selling any of our respective products or if we are
 required to develop new technologies or pay significant monetary
 damages or are required to make substantial royalty payments,
 our business would be harmed.

 Moreover, from time to time we agree to indemnify certain of our
 suppliers and customers for alleged patent infringement. The
 scope of such indemnity varies but may in some instances include
 indemnification for damages and expenses, including
 attorneys’ fees. We may from time to time be engaged in
 litigation as a result of these indemnification obligations.
 Third-party claims for patent infringement are excluded from
 coverage under our insurance policies. A future obligation to
 indemnify our customers or suppliers may have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. For additional information concerning legal
 proceedings, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.”

 Because of our international business and operations, we must
 comply with numerous international laws and regulations, and we
 are vulnerable to political instability, currency fluctuations
 and other risks related to international
 operations.  Currently, all of our products are
 produced overseas in China, Israel, Japan, Taiwan and South
 Korea. We may, therefore, be affected by the political, economic
 and military conditions in these countries.

 Specifically, China does not currently have a comprehensive and
 highly developed legal system, particularly with respect to the
 protection of intellectual property rights. This result, among
 other things, in the prevalence of counterfeit goods in China.
 The enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts
 remains uncertain, and the implementation and interpretation of
 such laws may be inconsistent. Such inconsistency could lead to
 piracy and degradation of our intellectual property protection.
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be
 harmed by the sale of counterfeit products.

 Our international business activities could also be limited or
 disrupted by any of the following factors:

 • 

 the need to comply with foreign government regulation;

 • 

 general geopolitical risks such as political and economic
 instability, potential hostilities and changes in diplomatic and
 trade relationships;

 • 

 natural disasters affecting the countries in which we conduct
 our business, particularly Japan, such as the earthquakes
 experienced in Taiwan in 1999, in Japan in 2004, 2003 and
 previous years, and in China in previous years;

 • 

 reduced sales to our customers or interruption to our
 manufacturing processes in the Pacific Rim that may arise from
 regional issues in Asia;

 22

Table of Contents

 • 

 imposition of regulatory requirements, tariffs, import and
 export restrictions and other barriers and restrictions;

 • 

 imposition of additional duties, charges
 and/or fees
 related to customs entries for our products, which are all
 manufactured offshore;

 • 

 inability to successfully manage our foreign exchange exposures;

 • 

 longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts
 receivable collection;

 • 

 adverse tax rules and regulations;

 • 

 weak protection of our intellectual property rights; and

 • 

 delays in product shipments due to local customs restrictions.

 Tower Semiconductor’s Financial Situation is
 Challenging.  Tower supplies a significant portion
 of our controller wafers from its Fab 2 facility and is
 currently a sole source of supply for some of our controllers.
 Tower’s Fab 2 is operational but has not been completed and
 a continued supply of controllers to us from Tower on a
 cost-effective basis may be dependent on this completion.
 Tower’s completion of the equipment installation,
 technology transfer and

ramp-up of
 production at Fab 2 is dependent upon Tower (a) having, or
 being able to raise, sufficient funds to complete the Fab 2
 project; (b) meeting the conditions to receive Israeli
 government grants and tax benefits approved for Fab 2; and
 (c) obtaining the approval of the Israeli Investment Center
 to extend the five-year investment period under its Fab 2
 approved enterprise program. In addition, Tower recently entered
 into an amendment to the credit facility agreement with its
 banks. If Tower fails to raise funds in the amounts and at the
 times required under the amended credit facility agreement or
 otherwise fails to comply with the revised financial ratios and
 covenants to avoid being in default under its amended bank
 credit agreements, Tower may have to cease operations. If this
 occurs, we will be forced to source our controllers from another
 supplier and our business, financial condition and results of
 operations may be harmed. Specifically, our ability to supply a
 number of products would be disrupted until we were able to
 transition manufacturing and qualify a new foundry with respect
 to controllers that are currently sole sourced at Tower, which
 could take three or more quarters to complete.

 We have recognized cumulative losses of approximately
 $53.6 million as a result of the
 other-than-temporary
 decline in the value of our investment in Tower ordinary shares,
 $10.1 million as a result of the impairment in value on our
 prepaid wafer credits and $1.3 million of losses on our
 warrant to purchase Tower ordinary shares as of January 1,
 2006. Of the approximately 10.2 million Tower ordinary
 shares we own, we agreed not to sell approximately
 7.2 million shares at January 1, 2006. This
 restriction is no longer in effect in fiscal 2006; however, we
 do remain subject to certain restrictions on the transfer of our
 Tower ordinary shares including certain rights of first refusal,
 and through January 2008, have agreed to maintain minimum
 shareholdings. It is possible that we will record further
 write-downs of our investment, which was carried on our
 consolidated balance sheet at $12.9 million as of
 January 1, 2006, which would harm our results of operations
 and financial condition.

 Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile,
 which could result in investors losing all or part of their
 investments.  The market price of our stock has
 fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to
 fluctuate in the future. We believe that such fluctuations will
 continue as a result of many factors, including future
 announcements concerning us, our competitors or principal
 customers regarding financial results or expectations,
 technological innovations, new product introductions,
 governmental regulations, the commencement or results of
 litigation or changes in earnings estimates by analysts. In
 addition, in recent years the stock market has experienced
 significant price and volume fluctuations and the market prices
 of the securities of high technology and semiconductor companies
 have been especially volatile, often for reasons outside the
 control of the particular companies. These fluctuations as well
 as general economic, political and market conditions may have an
 adverse affect on the market price of our common stock.

 We may make acquisitions that are dilutive to existing
 stockholders, result in unanticipated accounting charges or
 otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, and result
 in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations,
 personnel, technologies, products and information systems of
 acquired companies or businesses.  We continually
 evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise,
 including business combinations, strategic partnerships,
 collaborations, capital investments and the purchase, licensing
 or sale of assets. If we issue equity

 23

Table of Contents

 securities in connection with an acquisition, the issuance may
 be dilutive to our existing stockholders. Alternatively,
 acquisitions made entirely or partially for cash would reduce
 our cash reserves.

 Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
 typically entail many risks and could result in difficulties in
 assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies, products and information systems of acquired
 companies. In order to realize the intended benefits of our
 recent acquisition of Matrix Semiconductor, Inc., we will have
 to successfully integrate and retain key Matrix personnel. We
 may experience delays in the timing and successful integration
 of acquired technologies and product development through volume
 production, unanticipated costs and expenditures, changing
 relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic partners,
 or contractual, intellectual property or employment issues. In
 addition, key personnel of an acquired company may decide not to
 work for us. The acquisition of another company or its products
 and technologies may also result in our entering into a
 geographic or business market in which we have little or no
 prior experience. These challenges could disrupt our ongoing
 business, distract our management and employees, harm our
 reputation and increase our expenses. These challenges are
 magnified as the size of the acquisition increases, and we
 cannot assure you that we will realize the intended benefits of
 any acquisition. Furthermore, acquisitions may require large
 one-time charges and can result in increased debt or contingent
 liabilities, adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation
 or deferred compensation charges, the amortization of
 identifiable purchased intangible assets or impairment of
 goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or results of operations.

 Our success depends on key personnel, including our executive
 officers, the loss of who could disrupt our
 business.  Our success greatly depends on the
 continued contributions of our senior management and other key
 research and development, sales, marketing and operations
 personnel, including Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, president
 and chief executive officer. We do not have employment
 agreements with any of our executive officers and they are free
 to terminate their employment with us at any time. Our success
 will also depend on our ability to recruit additional highly
 skilled personnel. We may not be successful in hiring or
 retaining key personnel and our key personnel may not remain
 employed with us.

 To manage our growth, we may need to improve our systems,
 controls and procedures.  We have experienced and
 may continue to experience rapid growth, which has placed, and
 could continue to place a significant strain on our managerial,
 financial and operations resources and personnel. We expect that
 our number of employees, including management-level employees,
 will continue to increase for the foreseeable future. We must
 continue to improve our operational, accounting and financial
 systems and managerial controls and procedures, including fraud
 procedures, and we will need to continue to expand, as well as,
 train and manage our workforce. If we do not manage our growth
 effectively, our business could be harmed.

 We expect to raise additional financing, which could be
 difficult to obtain, and which if not obtained in satisfactory
 amounts may prevent us from funding the ventures with Toshiba,
 increasing our wafer supply, developing or enhancing our
 products, taking advantage of future opportunities, growing our
 business or responding to competitive pressures or unanticipated
 industry changes, any of which could harm our
 business.  We currently believe that we have
 sufficient cash resources to fund our operations as well as our
 investments in Flash Partners for at least the next twelve
 months; however, we expect to raise additional funds, including
 funds to meet our obligations with respect to Flash Partners,
 and we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain
 additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. From time to
 time, we may decide to raise additional funds through public or
 private debt, equity or lease financings. If we issue additional
 equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution and
 the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or
 privileges senior to those of existing holders of common stock
 or debt securities. If we raise funds through debt or lease
 financing, we will have to pay interest and may be subject to
 restrictive covenants, which could harm our business. If we
 cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, we
 may not be able to develop or enhance our products, fulfill our
 obligations to Flash Partners, take advantage of future
 opportunities, grow our business or respond to competitive
 pressures or unanticipated industry changes, any of which could
 have a negative impact on our business.

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents,
 stockholder rights plan and in Delaware law could discourage or
 delay a change in control and, as a result, negatively impact
 our stockholders.  We have taken a number of
 actions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover
 attempt. For example, we have a

 24

Table of Contents

 stockholders’ rights plan that would cause substantial
 dilution to a stockholder, and substantially increase the cost
 paid by a stockholder, who attempts to acquire us on terms not
 approved by our board of directors. This could discourage an
 acquisition of us. In addition, our certificate of incorporation
 grants our board of directors the authority to fix the rights,
 preferences and privileges of and issue up to
 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder
 action (2,000,000 of which have already been reserved under our
 stockholder rights plan). Issuing preferred stock could have the
 effect of making it more difficult and less attractive for a
 third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting
 stock. Preferred stock may also have other rights, including
 economic rights senior to our common stock that could have a
 material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.
 In addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This
 section provides that a corporation may not engage in any
 business combination with any interested stockholder during the
 three-year period following the time that a stockholder became
 an interested stockholder. This provision could have the effect
 of delaying or discouraging a change of control of SanDisk.

 Changes in securities laws and regulations have increased our
 costs; further, in the event we are unable to satisfy regulatory
 requirements relating to internal control, or if our internal
 control over financial reporting is not effective, our business
 could suffer.  The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that
 became law in July 2002 required changes in our corporate
 governance, public disclosure and compliance practices. The
 number of rules and regulations applicable to us has increased
 and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance
 costs, and has made some activities more difficult, such as
 stockholder approval of new option plans. In addition, we have
 incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in
 connection with compliance with Section 404 of that law
 regarding internal control over financial reporting. These laws
 and regulations and perceived increased risk of liability could
 make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
 members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our
 audit committee, and qualified executive officers. We cannot
 estimate the timing or magnitude of additional costs we may
 incur as a result.

 In connection with our certification process under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have
 identified and will from time to time identify a number of
 deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting.
 We cannot assure you that individually or in the aggregate these
 deficiencies would not be deemed to be a material weakness.
 Furthermore, we may not be able to implement enhancements on a
 timely basis in order to prevent a failure of our internal
 controls or enable us to furnish future unqualified
 certifications. A material weakness or deficiency in internal
 control over financial reporting could materially impact our
 reported financial results and the market price of our stock
 could significantly decline. Additionally, adverse publicity
 related to the disclosure of a material weakness or deficiency
 in internal controls over financial reporting could have a
 negative impact on our reputation, business and stock price. Any
 internal control or procedure, no matter how well designed and
 operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
 desired control objectives.