Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may adversely affect our operations
and our stock price. Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated significantly in
the past and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. This fluctuation could
result from a variety of factors, including, among others:

•

average selling prices, net of promotions, declining at a faster rate than cost
reduction for our products due to industry or SanDisk excess supply and competitive pricing
pressures;

•

addition of new competitors, expansion of supply from existing competitors and
ourselves creating excess market supply, which could cause our average selling prices to
decline faster than our costs decline;

•

impairment of goodwill, business integration and other challenges related to
our acquisition of msystems and Matrix;

•

timing, volume and cost of wafer production from the FlashVision, Flash
Partners and Flash Alliance ventures as impacted by fab start-up delays and costs,
technology transitions, yields or production interruptions due to natural disasters, power
outages, equipment failure or other factors;

•

disruption in the manufacturing operations of suppliers, including suppliers of
sole-sourced components;

•

unpredictable or changing demand for our products, particularly demand for
certain types or capacities of our products or demand for our products in certain markets
or geographies;

•

excess supply from captive sources due to output increasing faster than the
growth in demand resulting in excess inventory;

•

insufficient supply from captive and non-captive sources or insufficient
capacity from our test and assembly subcontractors to meet demand;

•

reduction in price elasticity of demand related to pricing changes for some of
our more mature markets for NAND flash memory;

•

potential delays in the emergence of new markets and products for NAND flash
memory and acceptance of our products in these markets;

•

our license and royalty revenues may decline significantly in the future as our
existing license agreements and key patents expire;

•

timing of sell-through by our distributors and retail customers;

•

increased purchases of flash memory products from our non-captive sources,
which typically cost more than products from our captive sources;

•

difficulty in forecasting and managing inventory levels, particularly due to
noncancelable contractual obligations to purchase materials such as flash memory and
controllers, and the need to build finished product in advance of customer purchase orders;

•

errors or defects in our products caused by, among other things, errors or
defects in the memory or controller components, including memory and non-memory components
we procure from third-party suppliers;

•

write-downs of our investments in fabrication capacity, equity investments and other assets;

•

estimates used in calculating share-based compensation expense; and

•

the other factors described under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report.

12

Table of Contents

     Our average selling prices, net of promotions, may decline faster than cost reductions due to
industry or SanDisk excess supply, competitive pricing pressures or strategic price reductions
initiated by us or our competitors. The market for NAND flash products is competitive and
characterized by rapid price declines. Price declines may be influenced by, among other factors,
supply in excess of demand, technology transitions, including adoption of MLC technology by other
competitors, new technologies or other strategic actions by competitors to gain market share. If
our technology transitions take longer or are more costly than anticipated to complete, our cost
reductions fail to keep pace with the rate of price declines or our price decreases fail to
generate sufficient additional demand, our gross margin and operating results will be negatively
impacted which could generate quarterly or annual net losses.

     Sales to a small number of customers represent a significant portion of our revenues and, if
we were to lose one of our major licensees or customers or experience any material reduction in
orders from any of our customers, our revenues and operating results would suffer. Sales to our
top 10 customers and licensees accounted for more than 52%, 50%, and 55% of our total revenues
during the fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. No customer exceeded 10% of total
revenues in any of these periods except Best Buy, which accounted for 11% of our total revenues in
fiscal 2005. If we were to lose one of our major licensees or customers or experience any material
reduction in orders from any of our customers or in sales of licensed products by our licensees,
our revenues and operating results would suffer. Additionally, our license and royalty revenues
may decline significantly in the future as our existing license agreements expire. Our sales are
generally made from standard purchase orders rather than long-term contracts. Accordingly, our
customers may generally terminate or reduce their purchases from us at any time without notice or
penalty. In addition, the composition of our major customer base changes from year-to-year as we
enter new markets making our revenues from several customers somewhat less predictable from
year-to-year.

     Our business depends significantly upon sales of products in the highly competitive consumer
market, a significant portion of which are made to retailers and through distributors, and if our
distributors, and, retailers are not successful in this market, we could experience substantial
product returns, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. A significant portion of our sales are made through retailers, either directly or
through distributors. Sales through these channels typically include rights to return unsold
inventory and protection against price declines. As a result, we do not recognize revenue until
after the product has been sold through to the end user, in the case of sales to retailers, or to
our distributors’ customers, in the case of sales to distributors. If our distributors and
retailers are not successful, we could experience reduced sales as well as substantial product
returns or price protection claims, which would harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Availability of sell-through data varies throughout the retail channel, which makes
it difficult for us to forecast retail product revenues. Our arrangements with our customers also
provide them price protection against declines in our recommended selling prices, which has the
effect of reducing our deferred revenue and eventually our revenue. Except in limited
circumstances, we do not have exclusive relationships with our retailers or distributors, and
therefore, must rely on them to effectively sell our products over those of our competitors.

     Our revenue depends in part on the success of products sold by our OEM customers. An
increasing portion of our sales are to OEMs, which can either bundle or embed our flash memory
products with their products, such as cameras or mobile phones. Our sales to these customers are
dependent upon the OEMs choosing our products over those of our competitors and on the OEMs’
ability to create, introduce, market and sell its products successfully in their markets. Should
our OEM customers be unsuccessful in selling their current or future products that include our
products, or should they decide to discontinue utilizing our products, our results of operation and
financial condition could be harmed. Our future OEM revenues may be significantly impacted by our
decision to de-emphasize the former msystems private label USB business and focus on our branded
business.

     The continued growth of our business depends on the development of new markets and products
for NAND flash memory and continued elasticity in our existing markets. Over the last several
years, we derived the majority of our revenues from the digital camera market. This market
continues to experience slower growth rates and continues to represent a declining percentage of
our total revenue, and therefore, our growth will be increasingly dependent on the development of
new markets, new applications and new products for NAND flash memory. For example, in fiscal 2006,
our revenue from the digital camera market grew by only 2% over the prior year, and it is possible
that our revenue from this market could decline in future years. Newer markets for flash memory
include digital audio and video players, mobile phones and solid state drives. There can be no
assurance that new markets and products will develop and grow fast enough, or that new markets will
adopt NAND flash technologies in general or our products in particular, to enable us to continue
our growth. There can be no assurance that the increase in average product capacity and unit
demand in response to price reductions will continue to generate revenue growth for us as it has in
the past.

     We continually seek to develop new applications, products, technologies and standards, which
may not be widely adopted by consumers or, if adopted, may reduce demand by consumers for our older
products. We continually seek to develop new

13

Table of Contents

applications, products and standards and enhance existing products and standards with higher
memory capacities and other enhanced features. Any new applications, products, technologies,
standards or enhancements we develop may not be commercially successful. New applications, such as
the adoption of flash memory cards in mobile phones, can take several years to develop. Early
success in working with mobile phone manufacturers to add card slots to their mobile phones does
not guarantee that consumers will adopt memory cards used for storing songs, images and other
content in mobile phones. Our new products, such as Sansa® View, pre-recorded flash
memory cards and solid state drives, may not gain market acceptance and we may not be successful in
penetrating the new markets that we target. As we introduce new standards or technologies, such as
TrustedFlash, it can take time for these new standards or technologies to be adopted, for consumers
to accept and transition to these new standards or technologies and for significant sales to be
generated from them, if this happens at all. Moreover, broad acceptance of new standards,
technologies or products by consumers may reduce demand for our older products. If this decreased
demand is not offset by increased demand for our other form factors or our new products, our
results of operations could be harmed.

     We face competition from numerous manufacturers and marketers of products using flash memory,
as well as from manufacturers of new and alternative technologies, and if we cannot compete
effectively, our results of operations and financial condition will suffer. Our competitors
include many large domestic and international companies that have greater access to advanced wafer
manufacturing capacity and substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources than we do, which allows them to produce flash memory chips in high volumes at low costs
and to sell these flash memory chips themselves or to our flash card competitors at a low cost.
Some of our competitors may sell their flash memory chips at or below their true manufacturing
costs to gain market share and to cover their fixed costs. Such practices have been common in the
DRAM industry during periods of excess supply, and have resulted in substantial losses in the DRAM
industry. Our primary semiconductor competitors include Samsung, Toshiba, Hynix, IM Flash and
STMicro. Samsung, in addition to ramping its overall NAND output, continues to ramp its MLC
output. In addition, Hynix, is aggressively ramping NAND output and IM Flash, is expected to
produce significant NAND output in the future. All leading suppliers, including ourselves, have
been substantially increasing NAND capacity, which is resulting in prices declining at a faster
rate than cost reductions. We cannot predict when the balance between supply and demand will be
achieved. In addition, current and future competitors produce or could produce alternative flash
memory technologies that compete against our NAND flash memory technology which may reduce demand
or accelerate price decline for NAND. If the balance between supply and demand is not achieved or
if pricing continues to decline at a rate faster than cost reduction, our results of operations and
financial condition could be harmed.

     We also compete with flash memory card manufacturers and resellers. These companies purchase,
or have a captive supply of, flash memory components and assemble memory cards. Our primary
competitors currently include, among others, A-Data, Buffalo Technology, Fuji, Hagiwara, Hama, I/O
Data, KingMax, Kingston, Kodak, Lexar, Matsushita, Micron, Netac, Panasonic, PNY, Ritek, Samsung,
Sony, Toshiba, Tradebrands and Transcend.

     Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do, have well recognized
brand names or have the ability to operate their business on lower margins than we do. The success
of our competitors may adversely affect our future sales revenues and may result in the loss of our
key customers. For example, Toshiba and other manufacturers have recently increased their market
share in the mobile market, including the microSD card, which has been a significant driver of our
growth. In the digital audio market, we face competition from well established companies such as
Apple and Microsoft. In the USB market we face competition from a large number of players
including Kingston, Lexar, Memorex and PNY, among others.

     Furthermore, many companies are pursuing new or alternative technologies, such as phase-change
technology, charge-trap flash and millipedes/probes, which may compete with flash memory. For
example, two of our competitors are advocating charge-trap flash technology, which if successful
and if we are unable to scale our technology on an equivalent basis, could provide an advantage to
these competitors.

     These new or alternative technologies may provide smaller size, higher capacity, reduced cost,
lower power consumption or other advantages. If we cannot compete effectively, our results of
operations and financial condition will suffer.

     We have patent cross-license agreements with several of our leading competitors. Under these
agreements, we have enabled competitors to manufacture and sell products that incorporate
technology covered by our patents. If we continue to license our patents to our competitors,
competition may increase and may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including:

14

Table of Contents

•

price, quality and on-time delivery to our customers;

•

product performance, availability and differentiation;

•

success in developing new applications and new market segments;

•

sufficient availability of supply;

•

efficiency of production;

•

timing of new product announcements or introductions by us, our customers and our competitors;

•

the ability of our competitors to incorporate standards or develop formats which we do not offer;

•

the number and nature of our competitors in a given market;

•

successful protection of intellectual property rights; and

•

general market and economic conditions.

     While we believe we are well-positioned to compete in the marketplace, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future.

     The semiconductor industry is subject to significant downturns that have harmed our business,
financial condition and results of operations in the past and may do so in the future. The
semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological
change, rapid product obsolescence and price declines, evolving standards, short product life
cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The industry has experienced
significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles of
both semiconductor companies’ and their customers’ products and declines in general economic
conditions. These downturns have been characterized by diminished product demand, production
overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated declines in selling prices. We have
experienced these conditions in our business in the past and may experience such downturns in the
future.

     Our business and the markets we address are subject to significant fluctuations in supply and
demand and our commitments to our ventures with Toshiba may result in periods of significant excess
inventory. With the ramp to volume production at Fab 3 in fiscal 2006, our captive memory supply
increased substantially more than in either of the last two years. Our obligation to purchase 50%
of the supply from FlashVision, Flash Partners and Flash Alliance, the ventures with Toshiba, could
harm our business and results of operations if our committed supply exceeds demand for our
products. The adverse effects could include, among other things, significant decreases in our
product prices, significant excess, obsolete or lower of cost or market inventory write-downs and
the impairment of our investments in the ventures with Toshiba. For example, in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2006, over 90% of our NAND memory wafer purchases were from our ventures with Toshiba.
These effects will be magnified once the Flash Alliance venture commences production. Any future
excess supply could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

     We depend on third-party foundries for silicon supply and any shortage or disruption in our
supply from these sources will reduce our revenues, earnings and gross margins. All of our flash
memory card products require silicon supply for the memory and controller components. The
substantial majority of our flash memory is currently supplied by our ventures with Toshiba and by
Toshiba pursuant to our foundry agreement, and to a lesser extent by Samsung and Hynix. Any
disruption in supply of flash memory from our captive or non-captive sources would harm our
operating results. We intend to increase production at Fab 3, commence production at Fab 4 and
continue to procure wafers from non-captive sources. If the Fab 3 production ramp does not
increase as anticipated, we fail to commence production at Fab 4 as planned, Fab 4 does not meet
anticipated manufacturing output, or our non-captive sources fail to supply wafers in the amounts
and at the times we expect, we may not have sufficient supply to meet demand and our operating
results could be harmed. Currently, our controller wafers are only manufactured by Tower and UMC,
and some of these controllers are sole-sourced at either UMC or Tower. Any disruption in the
manufacturing operations of Tower or UMC would result in delivery delays, would adversely affect
our ability to make timely shipments of our products and would harm our operating results until we
could qualify an alternate source of supply for our controller wafers,

15

Table of Contents

which could take three or more quarters to complete. In times of significant growth in global
demand for flash memory, demand from our customers may outstrip the supply of flash memory and
controllers available to us from our current sources. If our silicon vendors are unable to satisfy
our requirements on competitive terms or at all due to lack of capacity, technological
difficulties, natural disaster, financial difficulty, power failure, labor unrest, their refusal to
do business with us, their relationships with our competitors or other causes, we may lose
potential sales and our business, financial condition and operating results may suffer. In
addition, these risks are magnified at Toshiba’s Yokkaichi, Japan operations, where the current
ventures are operated, Fab 4 is being constructed, and Toshiba’s foundry capacity is located.
Earthquakes and power outages have resulted in production line stoppage and loss of wafers in
Yokkaichi and similar stoppages and losses may occur in the future. For example, in the first
quarter of fiscal 2006, a brief power outage in Fab 3 resulted in a loss of wafers and significant
costs associated with bringing the fab back on line. Also, the Tower fabrication facility, from
which we source controller wafers, is facing financial challenges and is located in Israel, an area
of political and military turmoil. Any disruption or delay in supply from our silicon sources
could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     If actual manufacturing yields are lower than our expectations, this may result in increased
costs and product shortages. The fabrication of our products requires wafers to be produced in a
highly controlled and ultra clean environment. Semiconductor manufacturing yields and product
reliability are a function of both design technology and manufacturing process technology and
production delays may be caused by equipment malfunctions, fabrication facility accidents or human
errors. Yield problems may not be identified or improved until an actual product is made and can
be tested. As a result, yield problems may not be identified until the wafers are well into the
production process. We have from time-to-time experienced yields that have adversely affected our
business and results of operations. We have experienced adverse yields on more than one occasion
when we have transitioned to new generations of products. If actual yields are low, we will
experience higher costs and reduced product supply, which could harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. For example, if the production ramp and/or yield of the
56-nanometer, 300-millimeter Flash Partners’ wafers do not increase as expected, we may not have
enough supply to meet demand and our cost competitiveness, business, financial condition and
results of operations will be harmed.

     We depend on our third-party subcontractors and our business could be harmed if our
subcontractors do not perform as planned. We rely on third-party subcontractors for our wafer
testing, IC assembly, packaged testing, product assembly, product testing and order fulfillment.
From time-to-time, our subcontractors have experienced difficulty in meeting our requirements. If
we are unable to increase the capacity of our current subcontractors or qualify and engage
additional subcontractors, we may not be able to meet demand for our products. We do not have
long-term contracts with our existing subcontractors nor do we expect to have long-term contracts
with any new subcontract suppliers. We do not have exclusive relationships with any of our
subcontractors, and therefore, cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources to
manufacturing our products. We are not able to directly control product delivery schedules.
Furthermore, we manufacture on a turnkey basis with some of our subcontract suppliers. In these
arrangements, we do not have visibility and control of their inventories of purchased parts
necessary to build our products or of the progress of our products through their assembly line.
Any significant problems that occur at our subcontractors, or their failure to perform at the level
we expect, could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems, either of which would
have adverse effects on our operating results.

     We are constructing a captive assembly and test manufacturing facility in China. The Chinese
government recently approved a 50-year lease by us of a piece of land to construct and equip a
captive assembly and test manufacturing facility in the Zizhu Science-Based Park near Shanghai,
China. Our anticipated expenditure for this project is approximately $170 million, of which
approximately $150 million is expected to be paid in fiscal 2007. Any delays in the construction
and equipping of the facility would harm our results of operations and financial condition. Once
constructed, this facility is only intended to replace a portion of our test and assembly needs and
therefore, we will continue to depend on our third-party subcontractors for a majority of our test
and assembly needs.

     In transitioning to new processes, products and silicon sources, we face production and market
acceptance risks that have caused, and may in the future continue to cause significant product
delays that could harm our business. Successive generations of our products have incorporated
semiconductors with greater memory capacity per chip. The transition to new generations of
products, such as the 56-nanometer 8 and 16 gigabit MLC chip, which we expect to begin shipping in
volume in fiscal 2007, is highly complex and requires new controllers, new test procedures and
modifications of numerous aspects of manufacturing, as well as extensive qualification of the new
products by both us and our OEM customers. In addition, Flash Partners is currently ramping the
56-nanometer 8 gigabit MLC chip in the Yokkaichi, Japan 300-millimeter fab and this transition is
subject to yield, quality and output risk. Furthermore, procurement of MLC wafers from non-captive
sources requires us to develop new controller technologies and may result in inadequate quality or
performance in our products that integrate these MLC components. Any material delay in a
development or qualification schedule could delay deliveries and adversely impact our

16

Table of Contents

operating results. We periodically have experienced significant delays in the development and
volume production ramp-up of our products. Similar delays could occur in the future and could harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     Our products may contain errors or defects, which could result in the rejection of our
products, product recalls, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources
and increased service costs and warranty claims and litigation. Our products are complex, must
meet stringent user requirements, may contain errors or defects and the majority of our products
are warrantied for one to five years. Errors or defects in our products may be caused by, among
other things, errors or defects in the memory or controller components, including components we
procure from non-captive sources such as the MLC products we procure from a third-party supplier.
In addition, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006, over 90% of our NAND memory purchases were from our captive ventures with Toshiba and if the
wafers contain errors or defects, our overall supply could be adversely affected. These factors
could result in the rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted
development resources, increased customer service and support costs and warranty claims and
litigation. We record an allowance for warranty and similar costs in connection with sales of our
product, but actual warranty and similar costs may be significantly higher than our recorded
estimate and result in an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

     Our new products have from time-to-time been introduced with design and production errors at a
rate higher than the error rate in our established products. We must estimate warranty and similar
costs for new products without historical information and actual costs may significantly exceed our
recorded estimates. Underestimation of our warranty and similar costs would have an adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition.

     We and Toshiba plan to continue to expand the wafer fabrication capacity of the Flash Partners
business venture and have formed a new venture, Flash Alliance, for which we will make substantial
capital investments and incur substantial start-up and tool relocation costs, which could adversely
impact our operating results. We and Toshiba are making, and plan to continue to make, substantial
investments in new capital assets to expand the wafer fabrication capacity of our Flash Partners
business venture in Japan. We and Toshiba intend to invest $1.76 billion to continue expansion at
Fab 3 to bring wafer capacity to 135,000 wafers per month by the end of fiscal year 2007 and are
cooperating in the construction of an additional 300-millimeter NAND wafer fabrication facility,
Fab 4, to produce NAND flash memory products for the parties under the Flash Alliance venture. We
and Toshiba intend to invest 300 billion Japanese yen, or approximately $2.5 billion, based on the
exchange rate at December 31, 2006, in the construction and equipping of Fab 4. Moreover, each
time that we and Toshiba add substantial new wafer fabrication capacity, we will experience
significant initial design and development and start-up costs as a result of the delay between the
time of the investment and the time qualified products are manufactured and sold in volume
quantities. For several quarters, we will incur initial design and development costs and start-up
costs and pay our share of ongoing operating activities even if we do not achieve the planned
output volume or utilize our full share of the expanded output, and these costs will impact our
gross margins, results of operations and financial condition.

     There is no assurance that Flash Partners’ 300-millimeter NAND flash memory facility will
perform as expected, in particular as we transition to new lithography feature sizes. The Flash
Partners’ 300-millimeter fab, Fab 3, is currently transitioning from 70-nanometer to 56-nanometer
feature sizes. There can be no assurance that this transition will occur on schedule or at the
yields or costs that we anticipate. This technology transition is difficult and subject to
significant risks in terms of schedule, yield and cost. If Flash Partners, or in the future, Flash
Alliance, encounters difficulties in transitioning to new technologies, our cost per megabyte may
not remain competitive with the costs achieved by other NAND flash memory producers. Also, Samsung
is licensed under our patents to use MLC technology, which enhances its manufacturing capabilities.
Samsung began shipping NAND/MLC products in the third quarter of fiscal year 2005 and may be able to produce
product at a lower cost than we can and increase their market share, thus adversely affecting our
operating results and financial condition.

17

Table of Contents

     We have a contingent indemnification obligation and guarantee obligations related to the
ventures with Toshiba. Toshiba has guaranteed FlashVision’s lease arrangement with third-party
lessors. The total minimum remaining lease payments as of December 31, 2006 were 5.8 billion
Japanese yen, or approximately $48.6 million based upon the exchange rate at December 31, 2006. If
Toshiba makes payments under its guarantee, we have agreed to indemnify Toshiba for 49.9% of its
costs, subject to certain limitations and exclusions.

     In December 2004, December 2005, June 2006 and September 2006, Flash Partners entered into
four separate equipment lease facilities totaling approximately 215.0 billion Japanese yen, or
approximately $1.8 billion based upon the exchange rate at December 31, 2006, of which, as of
December 31, 2006, 144.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately $1.2 billion based upon the
exchange rate at December 31, 2006, net of accumulated lease payments, had been drawn down. As of
December 31, 2006, our cumulative guarantee under the equipment leases, net of cumulative lease
payments, was approximately 72.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately $605 million based on the
exchange rate at December 31, 2006. On January 10, 2007, Flash Partners drew down the remaining
balance of the September 2006 master lease agreement in the amount of approximately 52.0 billion
Japanese yen, or approximately $437 million, based on the exchange rate at December 31, 2006, of
which we guaranteed 26.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately $218 million based upon the
exchange rate at December 31, 2006. These leases contain default clauses which, if triggered,
could cause us to repay the amounts due under our guarantees. If our corporate rating is
significantly downgraded by any rating agency, it may impair the ability of our ventures with
Toshiba to obtain future equipment lease financings on terms consistent with current leases and
would cause a default under certain current leases, either of which could harm our business and
financial condition.

     We and Toshiba have also agreed to mutually contribute to, and indemnify each other, Flash
Partners and Flash Alliance for environmental remediation costs or liability resulting from Flash
Partners’ and Flash Alliance’s manufacturing operations in certain circumstances. In addition, we
and Toshiba entered into a Patent Indemnification Agreement under which in many cases we will share
in the expenses associated with the defense and cost of settlement associated with such claims.
This agreement provides limited protection for us against third-party claims that NAND flash memory
products manufactured and sold by Flash Partners or Flash Alliance infringe third-party patents.

     None of the foregoing obligations are reflected as liabilities on our consolidated balance
sheets. If we have to perform our obligations under these agreements, our business will be harmed
and our financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.

     Seasonality in our business may result in our inability to accurately forecast our product
purchase requirements. Sales of our products in the consumer electronics market are subject to
seasonality. For example, sales have typically increased significantly in the fourth quarter of
each year, sometimes followed by declines in the first quarter of the following year. This may
become more pronounced as sales of our Sansa digital audio player have become a larger portion of
our product mix. This seasonality increases the complexity of forecasting our business. If our
forecasts are inaccurate, we can lose market share or procure excess inventory or inappropriately
increase or decrease our operating expenses, any of which could harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. This seasonality also may lead to higher volatility in our
stock price, the need for significant working capital investments in receivables and inventory and
our need to build inventory levels in advance of our most active selling seasons.

     From time-to-time, we overestimate our requirements and build excess inventory, and
underestimate our requirements and have a shortage of supply, both of which harm our financial
results. The majority of our products are sold into consumer markets, which are difficult to
accurately forecast. Also, a substantial majority of our quarterly sales are from orders received
and fulfilled in that quarter. Additionally, we depend upon timely reporting from our retail and
distributor customers as to their inventory levels and sales of our products in order to forecast
demand for our products. Our international customers submit these reports on a monthly, not
weekly, basis making it more difficult to accurately forecast demand. We have in the past
significantly over-forecasted and under-forecasted actual demand for our products. The failure to
accurately forecast demand for our products will result in lost sales or excess inventory both of
which will have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, at times inventory may increase in anticipation of increased demand or as captive
wafer capacity ramps. If demand does not materialize, we may be forced to write-down excess
inventory which may harm our financial condition and results of operations.

     Under conditions of tight flash memory supply, we may be unable to adequately increase our
production volumes or secure sufficient supply in order to maintain our market share. If we are
unable to maintain market share, our results of operations and

18

Table of Contents

financial condition could be harmed. Conversely, during periods of excess supply in the
market for our flash memory products, we may lose market share to competitors who aggressively
lower their prices.

     Our ability to respond to changes in market conditions from our forecast is limited by our
purchasing arrangements with our silicon sources. These arrangements generally provide that the
first three months of our rolling six-month projected supply requirements are fixed and we may make
only limited percentage changes in the second three months of the period covered by our supply
requirement projections.

     We are sole-sourced for a number of our critical components and the absence of a back-up
supplier exposes our supply chain to unanticipated disruptions. We rely on our vendors, some of
which are a sole source of supply, for many of our critical components. We do not have long-term
supply agreements with most of these vendors. Our business, financial condition and operating
results could be significantly harmed by delays or reductions in shipments if we are unable to
develop alternative sources or obtain sufficient quantities of these components.

     We are exposed to foreign currency risks. Our purchases of NAND flash memory from the Toshiba
ventures and our investments in those ventures are denominated in Japanese yen. Our sales,
however, are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. Additionally, we
expect over time to increase the percentage of our sales denominated in currencies other than the
U.S. dollar. This exposes us to significant risk from foreign currency fluctuations. Management
of these foreign exchange exposures and the foreign currency forward contracts used to mitigate
these exposures is complex and if we do not successfully manage our foreign exchange exposures, our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.

     Terrorist attacks, war, threats of war and government responses thereto may negatively impact
our operations, revenues, costs and stock price. Terrorist attacks, U.S. military responses to
these attacks, war, threats of war and any corresponding decline in consumer confidence could have
a negative impact on consumer retail demand, which is the largest channel for our products. Any of
these events may disrupt our operations or those of our customers and suppliers and may affect the
availability of materials needed to manufacture our products or the means to transport those
materials to manufacturing facilities and finished products to customers. Any of these events
could also increase volatility in the U.S. and world financial markets, which could harm our stock
price and may limit the capital resources available to us and our customers or suppliers or
adversely affect consumer confidence. In November 2006, we acquired msystems, which is
headquartered and has substantial operations in Israel, and we have a development center in
Northern Israel, near the border with Lebanon, areas that have recently experienced significant
violence and political unrest. Continued turmoil and unrest in this area could cause delays in the
development of our products. This could harm our business and results of operations.

     Natural disasters or epidemics in the countries in which we or our suppliers or subcontractors
operate could negatively impact our operations. Our operations, including those of our suppliers
and subcontractors, are concentrated in Milpitas, California; Yokkaichi, Japan; Hsinchu and
Taichung, Taiwan; and Dongguan, Shanghai and Shenzen, China. In the past, these areas have been
affected by natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis and typhoons, and some areas have been
affected by epidemics, such as avian flu. If a natural disaster or epidemic were to occur in one
or more of these areas, our operations could be significantly impaired and our business may be
harmed. This is magnified by the fact that we do not have insurance for most natural disasters,
including earthquakes. This could harm our business and results of operations.

     We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which would harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks,
copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect
our intellectual property rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant and expensive
disputes regarding our intellectual property rights and those of others, including claims that we
may be infringing third-parties’ patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We
expect that we may be involved in similar disputes in the future. We cannot assure you that:

•

any of our existing patents will not be invalidated;

•

patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;

•

any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope or strength;

19

Table of Contents

•

our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are sold
in order to protect our rights and potential commercial advantage; or

•

any of our products or technologies do not infringe on the patents of other
companies.

     In addition, our competitors may be able to design their products around our patents and other
proprietary rights.

     Several companies have recently entered or announced their intentions to enter the flash
memory market, and we believe these companies may require a license from us. Enforcement of our
rights may require litigation. If we bring a patent infringement action and are not successful,
our competitors would be able to use similar technology to compete with us. Moreover, the
defendant in such an action may successfully countersue us for infringement of their patent or
assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. If we did not prevail as a
defendant in patent infringement case, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the
manufacture, use and sale of infringing products, expend significant resources to develop
non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to the
infringing technology.

     We may be unable to license intellectual property to or from third-parties as needed, or renew
existing licenses, which could expose us to liability for damages reduce our royalty revenues,
increase our costs or limit or prohibit us from selling products. If we incorporate third-party
technology into our products or if we are found to infringe others’ intellectual property, we could
be required to license intellectual property from a third party. We may also need to license some
of our intellectual property to others in order to enable us to obtain important cross-licenses to
third-party patents. We cannot be certain that licenses will be offered when we need them, or that
the terms offered will be acceptable, or that these licenses will help our business. If we do
obtain licenses from third-parties, we may be required to pay license fees or royalty payments. In
addition, if we are unable to obtain a license that is necessary to the manufacture of our
products, we could be required to suspend the manufacture of products or stop our product suppliers
from using processes that may infringe the rights of third-parties. We may not be successful in
redesigning our products, the necessary licenses may not be available under reasonable terms, our
existing licensees may not renew their licenses upon expiration and we may not be successful in
signing new licensees in the future.

     We are currently and may in the future be involved in litigation, including litigation
regarding our intellectual property rights or those of third parties, which may be costly, may
divert the efforts of our key personnel and could result in adverse court rulings, which could
materially harm our business. We are involved in a number of lawsuits, including among others,
several cases involving our patents and the patents of third-parties. We are the plaintiff in some
of these actions and the defendant in other of these actions. Some of the actions could seek
injunctions against the sale of our products and/or substantial monetary damages, which if granted
or awarded, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

     Litigation is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to
differ materially from our expectations. Factors that could cause litigation results to differ
include, but are not limited to, the discovery of previously unknown facts, changes in the law or
in the interpretation of laws, and uncertainties associated with the judicial decision-making
process. If we receive an adverse judgment in any litigation, we could be required to pay
substantial damages and/or cease the manufacture, use and sale of products. Litigation, including
intellectual property litigation, can be complex, can extend for a protracted period of time, and
can be very expensive. Litigation initiated by us could also result in counter-claims against us,
which could increase the costs associated with the litigation and result in our payment of damages
or other judgments against us. In addition, litigation may divert the efforts and attention of
some of our key personnel.

     We have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to claims and legal proceedings regarding
alleged infringement by us of the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of
third-parties. From time-to-time we have sued, and may in the future sue, third-parties in order
to protect our intellectual property rights. Parties that we have sued and that we may sue for
patent infringement may countersue us for infringing their patents. If we are held to infringe the
intellectual property of others, we may need to spend significant resources to develop
non-infringing technology or obtain licenses from third-parties, but we may not be able to develop
such technology or acquire such licenses on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may also be
required to pay significant damages and/or discontinue the use of certain manufacturing or design
processes. In addition, we or our suppliers could be enjoined from selling some or all of our
respective products in one or more geographic locations. If we or our suppliers are enjoined from
selling any of our respective products or if we are required to develop new technologies or pay
significant monetary damages or are required to make substantial royalty payments, our business
would be harmed.

20

Table of Contents

     Moreover, from time-to-time we agree to indemnify certain of our suppliers and customers for
alleged patent infringement. The scope of such indemnity varies but generally includes
indemnification for direct and consequential damages and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. We
may from time-to-time be engaged in litigation as a result of these indemnification obligations.
Third-party claims for patent infringement are excluded from coverage under our insurance policies.
A future obligation to indemnify our customers or suppliers may have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information concerning
legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.”

     Because of our international business and operations, we must comply with numerous
international laws and regulations, and we are vulnerable to political instability, currency
fluctuations and other risks related to international operations. Currently, all of our products
are produced overseas in China, Israel, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. We are, therefore, affected
by the political, economic and military conditions in these countries.

     Specifically, China does not currently have a comprehensive and highly developed legal system,
particularly with respect to the protection of intellectual property rights. This results, among
other things, in the prevalence of counterfeit goods in China. The enforcement of existing and
future laws and contracts remains uncertain, and the implementation and interpretation of such laws
may be inconsistent. Such inconsistency could lead to piracy and degradation of our intellectual
property protection. Although we have increased our efforts to prevent counterfeit products from
entering the market, those efforts may not be successful. Our results of operations and financial
condition could be harmed by the sale of counterfeit products.

     Our international business activities could also be limited or disrupted by any of the following factors:

•

the need to comply with foreign government regulation;

•

general geopolitical risks such as political and economic instability,
potential hostilities and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;

•

natural disasters affecting the countries in which we conduct our business,
particularly Japan, such as the earthquakes experienced in Taiwan in 1999, in Japan in
2004, 2003 and previous years, and in China in previous years;

•

reduced sales to our customers or interruption to our manufacturing processes
in the Pacific Rim that may arise from regional issues in Asia;

•

imposition of regulatory requirements, tariffs, import and export restrictions
and other barriers and restrictions;

•

imposition of additional duties, charges and/or fees related to customs entries
for our products, which are all manufactured offshore;

•

inability to successfully manage our foreign exchange exposures;

•

longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

•

adverse tax rules and regulations;

•

weak protection of our intellectual property rights; and

•

delays in product shipments due to local customs restrictions.

     Tower Semiconductor’s Financial Situation is Challenging. Tower supplies a significant
portion of our controller wafers from its Fab 2 facility and is currently a sole source of supply
for some of our controllers. Tower’s Fab 2 is operational and in the process of expanding capacity
and our ability to continue to obtain sufficient supply on a cost-effective basis may be dependent
upon completion of this capacity expansion. Tower’s continued expansion of Fab 2 requires
sufficient funds to operate in the short-term and raising the funds required to implement the
current ramp-up plan. If Tower fails to comply with the financial ratios and covenants contained
in the amended credit facility agreement with its banks, fails to attract additional customers,
fails to operate its Fab 2 facility in a cost-effective manner, fails to secure additional
financing, fails to meet the conditions to receive government grants and tax benefits approved for
Fab 2, or fails to obtain the approval of the Israeli Investment Center for a new

21

Table of Contents

expansion program, Tower’s continued operations could be at risk. If this occurs, we will be
forced to source our controllers from another supplier and our business, financial condition and
results of operations may be harmed. Specifically, our ability to supply a number of products
would be disrupted until we were able to transition manufacturing and qualify a new foundry with
respect to controllers that are currently sole sourced at Tower, which could take three or more
quarters to complete.

     We have recognized cumulative losses of approximately $54.1 million as a result of the
other-than-temporary decline in the value of our investment in Tower ordinary shares, $12.2 million
as a result of the impairment in value on our prepaid wafer credits and $1.3 million of losses on
our warrant to purchase Tower ordinary shares as of December 31, 2006. We are subject to certain
restrictions on the transfer of our approximately 12.8 million Tower ordinary shares including
certain rights of first refusal, and through January 2008, have agreed to maintain minimum
shareholdings. It is possible that we will record further write-downs of our investment, which was
carried on our consolidated balance sheet at $17.5 million at December 31, 2006, which would harm
our results of operations and financial condition.

     Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, which could result in investors
losing all or part of their investments. The market price of our stock has fluctuated
significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We believe that such
fluctuations will continue as a result of many factors, including future announcements concerning
us, our competitors or principal customers regarding financial results or expectations,
technological innovations, industry supply dynamics, new product introductions, governmental
regulations, the commencement or results of litigation or changes in earnings estimates by
analysts. In addition, in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and
volume fluctuations and the market prices of the securities of high technology and semiconductor
companies have been especially volatile, often for reasons outside the control of the particular
companies. These fluctuations as well as general economic, political and market conditions may
have an adverse affect on the market price of our common stock as well as the price of our
outstanding convertible notes and could impact the likelihood of those notes being converted into
our common stock, which would cause further dilution to our stockholders.

     We may make acquisitions that are dilutive to existing stockholders, result in unanticipated
accounting charges or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, and result in
difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel, technologies, products and
information systems of acquired companies or businesses. We continually evaluate and explore
strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combinations, strategic partnerships,
collaborations, capital investments and the purchase, licensing or sale of assets. If we issue
equity securities in connection with an acquisition, the issuance may be dilutive to our existing
stockholders. Alternatively, acquisitions made entirely or partially for cash would reduce our
cash reserves.

     Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions, typically entail many risks and could
result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel, technologies,
products and information systems of acquired companies. In order to realize the intended benefits
of our recent acquisitions of msystems and Matrix, we will have to successfully integrate and
retain key msystems and Matrix personnel. We may experience delays in the timing and successful
integration of acquired technologies and product development through volume production,
unanticipated costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers, suppliers and
strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual property or employment issues. In addition, key
personnel of an acquired company may decide not to work for us. The acquisition of another company
or its products and technologies may also result in our entering into a geographic or business
market in which we have little or no prior experience. These challenges could disrupt our ongoing
business, distract our management and employees, harm our reputation, subject us to an increased
risk of intellectual property and other litigation and increase our expenses. These challenges are
magnified as the size of the acquisition increases, and we cannot assure you that we will realize
the intended benefits of any acquisition. Acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can
result in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, substantial
depreciation or deferred compensation charges, the amortization of identifiable purchased
intangible assets or impairment of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operations.

     Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many
factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future
acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating
results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could
materially harm our business and operating results. Even when an acquired company has already
developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that such products will be successful
after the closing, will not cannibalize sales of our existing products, that product enhancements
will be made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will have

22

Table of Contents

identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such company. See “There are
numerous risks associated with our acquisition of msystems.”

     Our success depends on key personnel, including our executive officers, the loss of whom could
disrupt our business. Our success greatly depends on the continued contributions of our senior
management and other key research and development, sales, marketing and operations personnel,
including Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, president and chief executive officer. We do not have
employment agreements with any of our executive officers and they are free to terminate their
employment with us at any time. Our success will also depend on our ability to recruit additional
highly skilled personnel. We may not be successful in hiring or retaining key personnel and our
key personnel may not remain employed with us.

     To manage our growth, we may need to improve our systems, controls and procedures and relocate
portions of our business to new or larger facilities. We have experienced and may continue to
experience rapid growth, which has placed, and could continue to place a significant strain on our
managerial, financial and operations resources and personnel. Our number of employees, including
management-level employees, has increased significantly, due to our acquisition of msystems. We
must continue to improve our operational, accounting and financial systems and managerial controls
and procedures, including fraud procedures, and we will need to continue to expand, as well as,
train and manage our workforce. From time-to-time, we may need to relocate portions of our
business to new or larger facilities, which could result in disruption of our business or
operations. For example, in May 2006, we relocated our corporate headquarters and significant
engineering operations, including labs and data centers, to new facilities in Milpitas, California.
If we do not manage our growth effectively, including transitions to new or larger facilities, our
business could be harmed.

     We may need to raise additional financing, which could be difficult to obtain, and which if
not obtained in satisfactory amounts may prevent us from funding the ventures with Toshiba,
increasing our wafer supply, developing or enhancing our products, taking advantage of future
opportunities, growing our business or responding to competitive pressures or unanticipated
industry changes, any of which could harm our business. We currently believe that we have
sufficient cash resources to fund our operations as well as our investments in the ventures with
Toshiba for at least the next twelve months; however, we may in the future raise additional funds,
including funds to meet our obligations with respect to Flash Partners and Flash Alliance, and we
cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at
all. From time-to-time, we may decide to raise additional funds through public or private debt,
equity or lease financings. If we issue additional equity securities, our stockholders will
experience dilution and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of existing holders of common stock. If we raise funds through debt or lease financing,
we will have to pay interest and may be subject to restrictive covenants, which could harm our
business. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, we may not be able to
develop or enhance our products, fulfill our obligations to Flash Partners and Flash Alliance, take
advantage of future opportunities, grow our business or respond to competitive pressures or
unanticipated industry changes, any of which could have a negative impact on our business.

     Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents, stockholder rights plan and in Delaware law
could discourage or delay a change in control and, as a result, negatively impact our stockholders.
We have taken a number of actions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover attempt.
For example, we have a stockholders’ rights plan that would cause substantial dilution to a
stockholder, and substantially increase the cost paid by a stockholder, who attempts to acquire us
on terms not approved by our board of directors. This could discourage an acquisition of us. In
addition, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors the authority to fix the
rights, preferences and privileges of and issue up to 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock without
stockholder action (2,000,000 of which have already been reserved under our stockholder rights
plan). Issuing preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult and less
attractive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Preferred
stock may also have other rights, including economic rights senior to our common stock that could
have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock. In addition, we are
subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
This section provides that a corporation may not engage in any business combination with any
interested stockholder during the three-year period following the time that a stockholder became an
interested stockholder. This provision could have the effect of delaying or discouraging a change
of control of SanDisk.

     Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities
could affect our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory,
services, licenses, funding and other items in intercompany transactions. We are subject to
ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany
charges or other matters and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of
these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be
no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual

23

Table of Contents

outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our net income or financial
condition. In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by
changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new
information in the course of our tax return preparation process. In particular, the carrying value
of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the United States, is dependent on our ability
to generate future taxable income in the United States. Any of these changes could affect our
profitability. Furthermore, our tax provisions could be adversely affected as a result of any new
interpretative accounting guidance related to accounting for uncertain tax provisions.

     Changes in securities laws and regulations have increased our costs; further, in the event we
are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements relating to internal control, or if our internal
control over financial reporting is not effective, our business could suffer. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley, that became law in July 2002 required changes in our corporate
governance, public disclosure and compliance practices. The number of rules and regulations
applicable to us has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance
costs, and has made some activities more difficult, such as approving new or amendments to our
option plans. In addition, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in
connection with compliance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley regarding internal control over
financial reporting. In 2007, we will incur additional costs integrating msystems into our
internal control systems and procedures. These laws and regulations and perceived increased risk
of liability could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our
board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee, and qualified executive officers.
We cannot estimate the timing or magnitude of additional costs we may incur as a result.

     In connection with our certification process under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, we have
identified in the past and will from time-to-time identify deficiencies in our internal control
over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that individually or in the aggregate these
deficiencies would not be deemed to be a material weakness. Furthermore, we may not be able to
implement enhancements on a timely basis, including any enhancements necessary to integrate
msystems operations, in order to prevent a failure of our internal controls or enable us to furnish
future unqualified certifications. A material weakness or deficiency in internal control over
financial reporting could materially impact our reported financial results and the market price of
our stock could significantly decline. Additionally, adverse publicity related to the disclosure
of a material weakness or deficiency in internal controls could have a negative impact on our
reputation, business and stock price. Any internal control or procedure, no matter how well
designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving desired control
objectives and cannot prevent intentional misconduct or fraud.

     Our debt service obligations may adversely affect our cash flow. While the 1% Notes due 2013
and the 1% Notes due 2035, are outstanding, we will have debt service obligations on the holders of
the 1% Notes due 2013 and the 1% Notes due 2035 of approximately $12.3 million per year in interest
payments. If we issue other debt securities in the future, our debt service obligations will
increase. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to meet these obligations and must instead
use our existing cash or investments, we may have to reduce, curtail or terminate other activities
of our business. We intend to fulfill our debt service obligations from cash generated by our
operations, if any, and from our existing cash and investments. We may also in the future enter
into other financial instruments that could increase our debt service obligations.

     Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences. For example, it could:

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limit our ability to obtain additional financing;

•

require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from
operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund our growth strategy, working capital,
capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less debt.

     We have significant financial obligations related to our ventures with Toshiba, which could
impact our ability to comply with our obligations under our 1% Notes due 2013 and our 1% Notes due
2035. We have entered into agreements to guarantee,

24

Table of Contents

indemnify or provide financial support with respect to lease and certain other obligations of
our ventures with Toshiba in which we have a 49.9% ownership interest. In addition, we may enter
into future agreements to increase manufacturing capacity, including further expansion of Fab 3 and
start-up of Fab 4. As of December 31, 2006 we had unfunded
commitments of approximately $877 million to fund our various obligations under the FlashVision and Flash Partners ventures with
Toshiba. As of December 31, 2006, we had indemnification and guarantee obligations for these
ventures of approximately $653 million. Due to these and our other commitments, we may not have
sufficient funds to make payments under or repurchase the notes.

     The net share settlement feature of the 1% Notes due 2013 may have adverse consequences. The
1% Notes due 2013 are subject to net share settlement, which means that we will satisfy our
conversion obligation to holders by paying cash in settlement of the lesser of the principal amount
and the conversion value of the 1% Notes due 2013 and by delivering shares of our common stock in
settlement of any and all conversion obligations in excess of the daily conversion values.

     Our failure to convert the 1% Notes due 2013 into cash or a combination of cash and common
stock upon exercise of a holder’s conversion right in accordance with the provisions of the
indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. We may not have the financial resources
or be able to arrange for financing to pay such principal amount in connection with the surrender
of the 1% Notes due 2013 for conversion. While we currently only have debt related to the 1% Notes
due 2013 and the 1% Notes due 2035 and we do not have other agreements that would restrict our
ability to pay the principal amount of the 1% Notes due 2013 in cash, we may enter into such an
agreement in the future, which may limit or prohibit our ability to make any such payment. In
addition, a default under the indenture could lead to a default under existing and future
agreements governing our indebtedness. If, due to a default, the repayment of related indebtedness
were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient
funds to repay such indebtedness and amounts owing in respect of the conversion of any 1% Notes due
2013.

     The convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant option transactions may affect the
value of the notes and our common stock. We have entered into convertible note hedge transactions
with Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited and Goldman, Sachs & Co., or the dealers. These
transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the notes. We used
approximately $67.3 million of the net proceeds of funds received from the 1% Notes due 2013 to pay
the net cost of the convertible note hedge in excess of the warrant transactions. These
transactions were accounted for as an adjustment to our stockholders’ equity. In connection with
hedging these transactions, the dealers or their affiliates:

•

have entered into various over-the-counter cash-settled derivative transactions
with respect to our common stock, concurrently with, and shortly after, the pricing of the
notes; and

•

may enter into, or may unwind, various over-the-counter derivatives and/or
purchase or sell our common stock in secondary market transactions following the pricing of
the notes, including during any observation period related to a conversion of notes.

     The dealers or their affiliates are likely to modify their hedge positions from time-to-time
prior to conversion or maturity of the notes by purchasing and selling shares of our common stock,
other of our securities or other instruments they may wish to use in connection with such hedging.
In particular, such hedging modification may occur during any observation period for a conversion
of the 1% Notes due 2013, which may have a negative effect on the value of the consideration
received in relation to the conversion of those notes. In addition, we intend to exercise options
we hold under the convertible note hedge transactions whenever notes are converted. To unwind
their hedge positions with respect to those exercised options, the dealers or their affiliates
expect to sell shares of our common stock in secondary market transactions or unwind various
over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock during the observation
period, if any, for the converted notes.

     The effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities on the market price of our
common stock or the 1% Notes due 2013 will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be
ascertained at this time, but any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our
common stock and the value of the 1% Notes due 2013 and, as a result, the amount of cash and the
number of shares of common stock, if any, holders will receive upon the conversion of the notes.

     There are numerous risks associated with our acquisition of msystems. On November 19, 2006,
we acquired msystems. There are numerous risks associated with our acquisition of msystems,
including the risks described below.

25

Table of Contents

     Although we expect that the merger will result in benefits to us, those benefits may not occur
because of integration and other challenges, and failure to realize the benefits of the merger may
result in the dilution of our per share operating results. Achieving the expected benefits of the
merger will depend on the timely and efficient integration of our and msystems’ technology, product
lines, operations, business culture and personnel. This will be particularly challenging due to
the fact that msystems is headquartered in Israel and we are headquartered in California. The
integration may not be completed as quickly as expected, and if we fail to effectively integrate
the companies or the integration takes longer than expected, we may not achieve the expected
benefits of the merger. The challenges involved in this integration include, among others:

•

retaining the customers and sales distribution channels of both companies;

•

maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees;

•

retaining key sources of supply;

•

incorporating msystems’ technology and products into our business and future product lines;

•

integrating msystems’ sales force into our worldwide product sales network;

•

demonstrating to msystems’ customers that the merger will not result in adverse
changes in pricing, customer service standards or product support;

•

coordinating research and development activities to enhance introduction of new products and technologies;

•

integrating msystems’ internal control over financial reporting with our internal control over financial reporting;

•

migrating both companies to a common enterprise resource planning information
system to integrate all operations, sales and administrative activities for the combined
companies in a timely and cost effective way;

•

integrating msystems’ international operations with ours;

•

integrating the business cultures of both companies; and

•

ensuring there are no delays in releasing new products to market.

     This integration effort will be international in scope, complex, time consuming and expensive,
and may disrupt our respective businesses or result in the loss of customers or key employees or
the diversion of the attention of management. Neither msystems nor we have experience in
integrating businesses and operations of this magnitude and scope. Integration will be
particularly difficult because certain key members of msystems’ senior management are no longer
with the combined company. In addition, the integration process may strain our financial and
managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures. This may result in the diversion of
management and financial resources from our core business objectives. There can be no assurance
that we and msystems will successfully integrate our respective businesses or that we will realize
the anticipated benefits of the merger. If we do not realize the expected benefits of the merger,
including the achievement of operating synergies, the merger could result in a reduction of our per
share earnings as compared to the per share earnings that would have been achieved by us had the
merger not occurred.

     In addition, msystems’ headquarters and significant operations are located in Israel.
Therefore, political, economic and military conditions in Israel directly affect its business and
operations. We cannot predict the effect of continued or increased violence in Lebanon or Gaza, or
the effect of military action elsewhere in the Middle East. Continued armed conflicts or political
instability in the region would harm business conditions and could adversely affect the combined
company’s results of operations. Furthermore, several countries continue to restrict or ban
business with Israel and Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may limit the
combined company’s ability to make sales in those countries.

     The merger may result in a loss of customers. We and msystems operate in a highly competitive
industry, and our future performance will be affected by our ability to retain each company’s
existing customers. Some of msystems’ customers are our competitors or work with our competitors
and may reduce or terminate their business relationships with the combined company as

26

Table of Contents

a result of the merger. msystems sells its products through OEM distribution channels, while
we primarily sell our products through retail channels. msystems has a broad base of OEM customers
and has substantial experience selling to those customers. In order to achieve the expected
benefits of the merger, we must continue to sell, and expand sales levels, to OEM customers. We
may not be able to successfully continue or expand sales through OEM channels, particularly because
some of msystems’ OEM customers are competitors of ours.

     We and msystems currently sell to several of the same large customers. Our ability to
maintain the current level of sales of each company to these common customers may be limited by the
desire of these customers to minimize their dependence on a single supplier. If common customers
seek alternative suppliers for at least a portion of the products currently provided by both us and
msystems, our business may be harmed.

     Third-parties may terminate, alter or litigate under existing contracts or relationships with
the combined company. Third-parties, including suppliers, distributors, customers, licensors,
licensees and other business partners, have contracts with msystems. In addition, third-parties
with whom msystems or we currently have relationships, including suppliers, distributors,
customers, licensors, licensees and other business partners, may terminate, otherwise adversely
modify their relationship with the combined company or enter into litigation with the combined
company or msystems as a result of the merger. Among other things, this may result in the combined
company suffering damages or a loss of potential future revenue and possibly losing rights that are
material to our business. In order to achieve the expected benefits of the merger, we may seek to
renegotiate contracts with some of msystems’ and our suppliers, distributors, customers, licensors,
licensees, other business partners and other third-parties, and there is no assurance that such
negotiations will be successful or that costly litigation may be avoided.

     General uncertainty related to the merger could harm us. Our or msystems’ existing customers
may, in response to the merger, reduce future orders, pursue other sources of supply, or delay or
defer purchasing decisions. If any of the foregoing occurs, the revenues of the combined company
could be lower than expected and market share could be lost. In addition, the merger may create
uncertainty among important suppliers, which might lead suppliers to reduce supply or adversely
modify pricing to us or msystems. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our
revenues, margins and profitability which, in turn, could cause our results to be substantially
below the expectations of market analysts and have an adverse impact on our stock price.

     Furthermore, our and msystems’ employees may experience or perceive uncertainty about their
future roles with the combined company. This may harm our and msystems’ ability to attract and
retain key management, marketing, sales, technical and research and development personnel.

     There is pending litigation. Actions purporting to be class and derivative actions on behalf
of msystems and its shareholders were filed against us and msystems prior to the closing of the
merger. See Part I, Item 3, ''Legal Proceedings.’’ We may be required to expend significant
resources, including management time, to defend these actions and could be subject to damages or
settlement costs related to these actions. We are responsible for liabilities associated with
these and any other class and derivative actions, including indemnification of directors and
certain members of management of msystems.

     There are risks related to msystems’ prior option grant practices. As a result of an
investigation by a special committee of its board of directors into its prior option grant
practices, on July 17, 2006, msystems filed a Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, in which it restated its financial statements for each of the fiscal years
ended December 31, 1999 through 2005 and, in a separate report on Form 6-K, restated its financial
statements for each of the four quarters of fiscal 2005 and the first quarter of fiscal 2006. In
addition, msystems has disclosed that the SEC is conducting an informal investigation into
msystems’ prior option grant practices and the restatement of its financials.

     Under the merger agreement, the combined company is responsible for liabilities associated
with msystems’ prior stock option grant practices, including indemnification of directors and
certain members of management of msystems. These liabilities could be substantial and may include,
among other things, the costs of defending lawsuits against msystems and its directors, officers,
employees and former employees by stockholders and other third-parties; the cost of defending any
shareholder derivative suits; the cost of governmental, law enforcement or regulatory
investigations; civil or criminal fines and penalties; expenses associated with further financial
restatements; auditor, legal and other expenses; and expenses associated with the remedial
measures, if any, which may be imposed.

     Charges and other accounting changes resulting from the merger may adversely affect our
earnings and the market value of our common stock following the merger. The acquisition of
msystems required a one-time write-off by us of in-process research

27

Table of Contents

and development, and has resulted in the amortization of identifiable purchased intangible
assets, increased depreciation and increased share-based compensation charges by us. If goodwill
created in the acquisition becomes impaired, we may be required to incur material charges relating
to the impairment of that asset. In addition, the acquisition could result in us incurring
impairment charges to write down the carrying amount of msystems assets that may not be fully
utilized or realized by us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial position and results of operations and the market value of our common stock.

28

Table of Contents