Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may
 adversely affect our financial condition and our stock
 price.  Our quarterly and annual operating results
 have fluctuated significantly in the past and we expect that
 they will continue to fluctuate in the future. This fluctuation
 could result from a variety of factors, including, among others:

 • 

 average selling prices, net of promotions, declining at a faster
 rate than cost reductions for our products due to industry or
 SanDisk excess supply and competitive pricing pressures;

 • 

 reduction in price elasticity of demand related to pricing
 changes for some of our markets and products;

 • 

 our license and royalty revenues may decline significantly in
 the future as our existing license agreements and key patents
 expire or if licensees fail to perform on a portion or all of
 their contractual obligations, which may also lead to increased
 patent litigation costs;

 • 

 unexpected difficulties in developing, or inability to develop,
 X3, X4, 3D, or other advanced, alternative technologies or
 difficulty in bringing advanced technologies into volume
 production at cost competitive levels;

 • 

 increased purchases of non-captive flash memory, which typically
 costs more than captive flash memory and may be of less
 consistent quality;

 • 

 insufficient assembly and test capacity from our contract
 manufacturers or our Shanghai facility;

 • 

 excess supply from captive sources due to output increasing
 faster than the growth in demand resulting in excess inventory;

 • 

 unpredictable or changing demand for our products, particularly
 demand for certain types or capacities of our products or demand
 for our products in certain markets or geographies;

 • 

 addition of new competitors, expansion of supply from existing
 competitors and ourselves creating excess market supply, which
 could cause our average selling prices to decline faster than
 our costs decline;

 • 

 difficulty in forecasting and managing inventory levels,
 particularly due to noncancelable contractual obligations to
 purchase materials such as custom non-memory materials, and the
 need to build finished product in advance of customer purchase
 orders;

 • 

 timing, volume and cost of wafer production from the flash
 ventures with Toshiba as impacted by fab
 start-up
 delays and costs, technology transitions, yields or production
 interruptions;

 • 

 disruption in the manufacturing operations of suppliers,
 including suppliers of sole-sourced components;

 • 

 increased memory component and other costs as a result of
 exchange rate fluctuations to the U.S. dollar, particularly
 with respect to the Japanese yen;

 • 

 potential delays in the emergence of new markets and products
 for NAND flash memory and acceptance of our products in these
 markets;

 • 

 timing of sell-through by our distributors and retail customers;

 • 

 errors or defects in our products caused by, among other things,
 errors or defects in the memory or controller components,
 including memory and non-memory components we procure from
 third-party suppliers;

 • 

 write-downs or impairments of our investments in fabrication
 capacity, equity investments and other assets;

 • 

 impairment of goodwill and other challenges related to our
 acquisitions of msystems Ltd. and Matrix Semiconductor, Inc.;

 • 

 estimates used in calculating share-based compensation expense;

 • 

 reduced sales to our retail customers if consumer confidence
 declines or due to economic declines in the United States,
 Europe or other geographies; and

 • 

 other factors described under “Risk Factors” and
 elsewhere in this report.

 11

Table of Contents

 Our average selling prices, net of promotions, may decline
 faster than cost reductions due to industry or SanDisk excess
 supply, competitive pricing pressures or strategic price
 reductions initiated by us or our
 competitors.  The market for NAND flash products
 is competitive and characterized by rapid price declines. As an
 example, our average selling price per megabyte for product
 revenues declined 60% in fiscal year 2007 compared to fiscal
 year 2006. Price declines may be influenced by, among other
 factors, supply in excess of demand, technology transitions,
 including adoption of MLC technology by other competitors,
 conversion of industry DRAM capacity to NAND and new
 technologies or other strategic actions by competitors to gain
 market share. If our technology transitions take longer or are
 more costly than anticipated to complete, or our cost reductions
 fail to keep pace with the rate of price declines, our gross
 margins and operating results will be negatively impacted, which
 could generate quarterly or annual net losses. Over our history,
 price decreases have generally been more than offset by
 increased unit demand and demand for products with increased
 storage capacity. However, in the recent past, price declines
 have outpaced growth in demand for higher capacities for some
 products resulting in reduced revenue growth. There can be no
 assurance that current and future price reductions will result
 in sufficient demand for increased product capacity or unit
 sales, which could harm our margins and revenue growth.

 Sales to a small number of customers represent a significant
 portion of our revenues, and if we were to lose one of our major
 licensees or customers or experience any material reduction in
 orders from any of our customers, our revenues and operating
 results would suffer.  In fiscal years 2007, 2006
 and 2005, revenues from our top 10 customers and licensees
 accounted for approximately 46%, 52% and 50% of our total
 revenues, respectively. In fiscal years 2007 and 2006, no single
 customer or licensee accounted for greater than 10% of our total
 revenues. In fiscal year 2005, Best Buy accounted for 11% of our
 total revenues. The composition of our major customer base has
 changed over time, and we expect this pattern to continue as our
 markets and strategies evolve. If we were to lose one of our
 major customers or licensees, or experience any material
 reduction in orders from any of our customers or in sales of
 licensed products by our licensees, our revenues and operating
 results would suffer. Additionally, our license and royalty
 revenues may decline significantly in the future as our existing
 license agreements and key patents expire or if licensees fail
 to perform on a portion or all of their contractual obligations.
 Our sales are generally made from standard purchase orders
 rather than long-term contracts. Accordingly, our customers may
 generally terminate or reduce their purchases from us at any
 time without notice or penalty. In addition, the composition of
 our major customer base changes from year-to-year as we enter
 new markets, making our revenues from these major customers less
 predictable from year-to-year.

 Our business depends significantly upon sales through
 retailers and distributors, and if our retailers and
 distributors are not successful, we could experience substantial
 product returns, which would negatively impact our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.  A
 significant portion of our sales are made through retailers,
 either directly or through distributors. Sales through these
 channels typically include rights to return unsold inventory and
 protection against price declines. As a result, we do not
 recognize revenue until after the product has been sold through
 to the end user, in the case of sales to retailers, or to our
 distributors’ customers, in the case of sales to
 distributors. If our retailers and distributors are not
 successful, due to, for example, the negative impact on consumer
 retail demand caused by a decline in consumer confidence,
 economic weakness, or other factors, we could experience reduced
 sales as well as substantial product returns or price protection
 claims, which would harm our business, financial condition and
 results of operations. Availability of sell-through data varies
 throughout the retail channel, which makes it difficult for us
 to forecast retail product revenues. Our arrangements with our
 retailers and distributors also provide them price protection
 against declines in our recommended selling prices, which has
 the effect of reducing our deferred revenues and eventually our
 revenues. Except in limited circumstances, we do not have
 exclusive relationships with our retailers or distributors, and
 therefore, must rely on them to effectively sell our products
 over those of our competitors.

 Our revenues depend in part on the success of products sold
 by our OEM customers.  A significant portion of
 our sales are to OEMs, which either bundle or embed our flash
 memory products with their products, such as mobile phones, GPS
 devices and computers. Our sales to these customers are
 dependent upon the OEMs choosing our products over those of our
 competitors and on the OEMs’ ability to create, introduce,
 market and sell their products successfully in their markets.
 Should our OEM customers be unsuccessful in selling their
 current or future products that include our products, or should
 they decide to discontinue utilizing our products, our results
 of operation and financial condition could be harmed.

 12

Table of Contents

 The continued growth of our business depends on development
 and performance of new markets and products for NAND
 flash.  Our growth will be increasingly dependent
 on development of new markets, new applications and new products
 for NAND flash memory. Historically, the digital camera market
 provided the majority of our revenues, but it is now a more
 mature market representing a declining percentage of our total
 revenues, and the mobile handset market has emerged as the
 largest segment of our revenues and driver of growth. Other
 markets for flash memory include digital audio and video
 players, USB drives and solid state drives. There can be no
 assurance that the use of flash memory in mobile handsets or
 other existing markets and products will continue to develop and
 grow fast enough, or that new markets will adopt NAND flash
 technologies in general or our products in particular, to enable
 us to continue our growth. In addition, there can be no
 assurance that the increase in average product capacity and unit
 demand in response to price reductions will generate revenue
 growth for us as it has in the past.

 Our growth is also dependent on continued geographic expansion
 and we may face difficulties entering or maintaining sales in
 international markets. Recently, our international sales have
 grown faster than in North America and we have gained
 international market share. Some international markets are
 subject to a higher degree of commodity pricing than in North
 America, subjecting us to increased risk of pricing and margin
 pressure.

 Our strategy of investing in captive manufacturing sources
 could harm us if our competitors are able to produce products at
 lower costs or if industry supply exceeds
 demand.  We secure captive sources of NAND through
 our significant investments in manufacturing capacity. We
 believe that by investing in captive sources of NAND, we are
 able to develop and obtain supply at the lowest cost and access
 supply during periods of high demand. Our significant
 investments in manufacturing capacity may require us to obtain
 and guarantee capital equipment leases and use available cash,
 which could be used for other corporate purposes. To the extent
 we secure manufacturing capacity and supply that is in excess of
 demand, or our cost is not competitive with other NAND
 suppliers, we may not achieve an adequate return on our
 significant investments and our revenues, gross margins and
 related market share may be negatively impacted. We may also
 incur increased inventory or impairment charges related to our
 captive manufacturing investments and may not be able to exit
 those investments without significant cost to us. In addition,
 if we finance these manufacturing investments with debt, our
 return may not be sufficient to finance the related debt
 payments or we may need to raise additional funding, which could
 be difficult to obtain or may only be available at rates and
 other terms that are unfavorable.

 We continually seek to develop new applications, products,
 technologies and standards, which may not be widely adopted by
 consumers or, if adopted, may reduce demand by consumers for our
 older products; and our competitors seek to develop new
 standards which could reduce demand for our
 products.  We continually devote significant
 resources to the development of new applications, products and
 standards and the enhancement of existing products and standards
 with higher memory capacities and other enhanced features. Any
 new applications, products, technologies, standards or
 enhancements we develop may not be commercially successful. The
 success of new product introductions is dependent on a number of
 factors, including market acceptance, our ability to manage
 risks associated with new products and production ramp issues.
 New applications, such as the adoption of flash-based solid
 state drives, or SSDs, that are designed to replace hard disk
 drives in devices such as computers and servers, can take
 several years to develop. We cannot guarantee that manufacturers
 will adopt SSDs or that this market will grow as we anticipate.
 For the SSD market to become sizeable, the cost of flash memory
 must decline significantly so that the cost to consumers is
 competitive with the cost of hard disk drives, and we believe
 that we will need to implement MLC technology into our SSDs,
 which will require us to develop new controllers. There can be
 no assurance that our MLC-based SSDs will be able to meet the
 specifications required to gain customer qualification and
 acceptance. Other new products, such as the Sansa
 Connect
tm
,
 Sansa Clip, Sansa View, Sansa
 Shaker
tm
,
 TakeTV
tm

 and pre-recorded flash memory cards may not gain market
 acceptance, and we may not be successful in penetrating the new
 markets that we target. New applications such as our
 Fanfare
tm

 content gateway, which represents our first significant content
 initiative, may require significant up-front investment with no
 assurance of long-term commercial success or profitability. The
 content we provide may be supplied by third parties and to the
 extent that the third parties do not deliver as expected or
 disputes arise related to, among other things, third-party
 royalties from the distribution of content, our product
 offerings may be negatively impacted. Unauthorized distribution
 of third-party content that we host could restrict us from
 continuing to provide content or limit access to new content. As
 we introduce new standards or technologies, it can take time for
 these new standards or

 13

Table of Contents

 technologies to be adopted, for consumers to accept and
 transition to these new standards or technologies and for
 significant sales to be generated from these new standards or
 technologies, if this happens at all.

 Competitors or other market participants could seek to develop
 new standards for flash memory products which, if accepted by
 device manufacturers or consumers, could reduce demand for our
 products. For example, certain handset manufacturers and flash
 memory chip producers are currently advocating the development
 of a new standard, referred to as Universal Flash Storage, or
 UFS, for flash memory cards used in mobile phones. Intel and
 Micron have also developed a new specification for a NAND flash
 interface, called ONFI, which would be used primarily in
 computing devices. Broad acceptance of new standards,
 technologies or products may reduce demand for some of our
 products. If this decreased demand is not offset by increased
 demand for new form factors or products that we offer, our
 results of operations could be harmed.

 Alternative storage solutions such as high bandwidth wireless or
 internet-based storage could reduce the need for physical flash
 storage within electronic devices. These alternative
 technologies could negatively impact the overall market for
 flash-based products, which could seriously harm our results of
 operations.

 Consumer devices that use NAND flash memory do so in either a
 removable card or an embedded format. We offer NAND flash memory
 products in both categories; however, our market share is
 strongest for removable flash memory products. If designers and
 manufacturers of consumer devices, including mobile phones,
 increase their usage of embedded flash memory, we may not be
 able to sustain our market share. In addition, if NAND flash
 memory is used in an embedded format, we would have less
 opportunity to influence the capacity of the NAND flash products
 and we would not have the opportunity for additional
 after-market retail sales related to these consumer devices or
 mobile phones. Any loss of market share or reduction in the
 average capacity of our product sales or any loss in our retail
 after-market opportunity could harm our operating results and
 business condition.

 We are developing the next generations of MLC technology,
 including 3-bits per cell, or X3, and 4-bits per cell, or X4. We
 believe the successful introduction of X3 and X4 technology may
 be required in order to achieve the level of future cost
 reductions for the further adoption of flash memory in consumer
 applications. The performance, reliability, yields and
 time-to-market of X3 and X4 technologies are uncertain, and
 there can be no assurance of the commercial success of these
 technologies.

 In addition, we are investing in future alternative
 technologies, such as our three-dimensional semiconductor
 memory, which currently is limited to one-time programmable
 applications. We are investing significant resources to develop
 this technology for multiple read-write applications; however,
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in
 developing these alternative technologies or that we will be
 able to achieve the yields, quality or capacity required for
 this technology to be cost competitive with new or other
 alternative memory technologies.

 We face competition from numerous manufacturers and marketers
 of products using flash memory, as well as from manufacturers of
 new and alternative technologies, and if we cannot compete
 effectively, our results of operations and financial condition
 will suffer.  Our competitors include many large
 companies that may have greater advanced wafer manufacturing
 capacity and substantially greater financial, technical,
 marketing and other resources than we do, which allows them to
 produce flash memory chips in high volumes at low costs and to
 sell these flash memory chips themselves or to our flash card
 competitors at a low cost. Some of our competitors may sell
 their flash memory chips at or below their true manufacturing
 costs to gain market share and to cover their fixed costs. Such
 practices occurred in the DRAM industry during periods of excess
 supply and resulted in substantial losses in the DRAM industry.
 Our primary semiconductor competitors include Hynix, IM Flash,
 Micron, Samsung, STMicro and Toshiba. We, along with Hynix, IM
 Flash, Samsung and Toshiba, are aggressively increasing NAND
 output and are expected to continue to produce significant NAND
 output in the future. In addition, current and future
 competitors produce or could produce alternative flash or other
 memory technologies that compete against our NAND flash memory
 technology or our alternative technologies, which may reduce
 demand or accelerate price declines for NAND. Furthermore, the
 future rate of scaling of the NAND flash technology design that
 we employ may slow down significantly, which would slow down
 cost reductions that are fundamental to the adoption of flash
 memory technology in new applications. If the scaling of NAND
 slows down or alternative technologies prove to be more
 economical, the investments in our captive fabrication
 facilities could be impaired and our results of operations and
 financial condition will suffer. We also compete with flash
 memory card manufacturers and resellers. These companies
 purchase or have a captive supply of flash memory components and
 assemble memory

 14

Table of Contents

 cards. Our primary competitors currently include, among others,
 A-Data, Buffalo, CN Memory, Dane-Elec, Elecom, FUJI, Hagiwara,
 Hama, Imation, I/O Data, Kingmax, Kingston, Kodak, Lexar,
 Memorex, Netac, Panasonic, PNY, RITEK, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba,
 Tradebrands, Transcend and Verbatim.

 Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources
 than we do, have well recognized brand names or have the ability
 to operate their business on lower margins than we do. The
 success of our competitors may adversely affect our future
 revenues or margins and may result in the loss of our key
 customers. For example, Toshiba and other manufacturers have
 increased their market share of flash memory cards for mobile
 phones, including the microSD card, which have been a
 significant driver of our growth. In the digital audio market,
 we face competition from well established companies such as
 Apple, ARCHOS, Creative, Microsoft, Samsung and Sony. In the USB
 flash drive market, we face competition from a large number of
 competitors, including Imation, Kingston, Lexar, Memorex, PNY,
 Sony, Trek 2000 International Ltd. and Verbatim. In the market
 for solid state drives, we may face competition from large NAND
 flash producers such as Samsung and Intel, as well as from hard
 drive manufacturers, such as Seagate Technology, Hitachi, Ltd.,
 and others, who have established relationships with computer
 manufacturers.

 Furthermore, many companies are pursuing new or alternative
 technologies or alternative forms of NAND, such as phase-change
 technology, charge-trap flash and millipedes/probes, which may
 compete with flash memory. For example, our competitors are
 developing new technologies such as charge-trap flash and
 three-dimensional technology which if successful and if we are
 unable to scale our technology on an equivalent basis, could
 provide an advantage to these competitors.

 These new or alternative technologies may enable products that
 are smaller size, higher capacity, lower cost, lower power
 consumption or have other advantages. If we cannot compete
 effectively, our results of operations and financial condition
 will suffer.

 We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a
 number of factors, including:

 • 

 price, quality and on-time delivery to our customers;

 • 

 product performance, availability and differentiation;

 • 

 success in developing new applications and new market segments;

 • 

 sufficient availability of supply, the absence of which could
 lead to loss of market share;

 • 

 efficiency of production;

 • 

 timing of new product announcements or introductions by us, our
 customers and our competitors;

 • 

 the ability of our competitors to incorporate standards or
 develop formats which we do not offer;

 • 

 the number and nature of our competitors in a given market;

 • 

 successful protection of intellectual property rights; and

 • 

 general market and economic conditions.

 While we believe we are well-positioned to compete in the
 marketplace based on the foregoing factors, there can be no
 assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the
 future.

 The semiconductor industry is subject to significant
 downturns that have harmed our business, financial condition and
 results of operations in the past and may do so in the
 future.  The semiconductor industry is highly
 cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid
 technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price
 declines, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide
 fluctuations in product supply and demand. The industry has
 experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or
 in anticipation of, maturing product cycles of both
 semiconductor companies’ and their customers’ products
 and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns
 have been characterized by reduced product demand, production
 overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated declines in
 selling prices. For example, the flash memory industry
 experienced excess supply and a rapid decline in prices in the
 first half of fiscal year 2007 and industry analysts expect this
 to

 15

Table of Contents

 occur again in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. We have
 experienced these conditions in our business in the past and may
 experience such downturns in the future.

 Our business and the markets we address are subject to
 significant fluctuations in supply and demand and our
 commitments to our flash ventures with Toshiba may result in
 periods of significant excess inventory.  The
 start of production at Fab 4 at the end of fiscal year 2007 has
 further increased our captive supply. Our obligation to purchase
 50% of the supply from the flash ventures with Toshiba could
 harm our business and results of operations if our committed
 supply exceeds demand for our products. The adverse effects
 could include, among other things, significant decreases in our
 product prices, and significant excess, obsolete or lower of
 cost or market inventory write-downs, which would harm our gross
 margins and could result in the impairment of our investments in
 the flash ventures with Toshiba. These effects could be
 magnified if the new memory wafer fab with Toshiba is completed
 and commences production. For example, product gross margin
 decreased to 21.8% for the year ended December 30, 2007
 compared to 31.0% for the year ended December 31, 2006, in
 part due to significant decreases in our product prices. Any
 future excess supply or price declines in excess of cost
 declines could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 We depend on third-party foundries for silicon supply and any
 disruption or shortage in our supply from these sources will
 reduce our revenues, earnings and gross
 margins.  All of our flash memory products require
 silicon supply for the memory and controller components. The
 substantial majority of our flash memory is currently supplied
 by the flash ventures with Toshiba and to a lesser extent by
 Samsung and Hynix. Any disruption or shortage in supply of flash
 memory from our captive or non-captive sources would harm our
 operating results. The risks of supply disruption are magnified
 at Toshiba’s Yokkaichi, Japan operations, where the flash
 ventures with Toshiba are operated and Toshiba’s foundry
 capacity is located. Earthquakes and power outages have resulted
 in production line stoppage and loss of wafers in Yokkaichi and
 similar stoppages and losses may occur in the future. For
 example, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006, a brief power
 outage occurred at Fab 3, which resulted in a loss of wafers and
 significant costs associated with bringing the fab back on line.
 In addition, the Yokkaichi location is often subject to
 earthquakes, which could result in production stoppage, a loss
 of wafers and the incurrence of significant costs. Moreover,
 Toshiba’s employees that produce the flash ventures with
 Toshiba’s products are covered by collective bargaining
 agreements and any strike or other job action by those employees
 could interrupt our wafer supply for the flash ventures with
 Toshiba. Furthermore, if the Fab 4 production ramp is delayed or
 not completed, we fail to enter into definitive agreements for
 the new memory wafer fab with Toshiba, fail to commence
 production at the new memory wafer fab as planned, we fail to
 make timely investments in future capacity additions, or our
 non-captive sources fail to supply wafers in the amounts and at
 the times we expect, we may not have sufficient supply to meet
 demand and our operating results could be harmed.

 Currently, our controller wafers are manufactured by Tower, UMC,
 TSMC and SMIC. The Tower fabrication facility, from which we
 source controller wafers, is continuing to face financial
 challenges and is located in Israel, an area of political and
 military turmoil. Any disruption in the manufacturing operations
 of Tower or one of our other controller wafer vendors would
 result in delivery delays, adversely affect our ability to make
 timely shipments of our products and harm our operating results
 until we could qualify an alternate source of supply for our
 controller wafers, which could take several quarters to
 complete. In times of significant growth in global demand for
 flash memory, demand from our customers may outstrip the supply
 of flash memory and controllers available to us from our current
 sources. If our silicon vendors are unable to satisfy our
 requirements on competitive terms or at all, we may lose
 potential sales and our business, financial condition and
 operating results may suffer. Any disruption or delay in supply
 from our silicon sources could significantly harm our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 If actual manufacturing yields are lower than our
 expectations, this may result in increased costs and product
 shortages.  The fabrication of our products
 requires wafers to be produced in a highly controlled and ultra
 clean environment. Semiconductor manufacturing yields and
 product reliability are a function of both design technology and
 manufacturing process technology and production delays may be
 caused by equipment malfunctions, fabrication facility accidents
 or human errors. Yield problems may not be identified or
 improved until an actual product is made and can be tested. As a
 result, yield problems may not be identified until the wafers
 are well into the production process. We have from time-to-time
 experienced yields that have adversely affected our business and
 results of operations. We have experienced adverse yields on
 more than one occasion when we have transitioned to

 16

Table of Contents

 new generations of products. If actual yields are low, we will
 experience higher costs and reduced product supply, which could
 harm our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. For example, if the production ramp
 and/or yield
 of 56-nanometer X3 technology wafers and 43-nanometer X2
 technology wafers do not increase as expected in fiscal year
 2008, we may not have enough supply to meet demand and our cost
 competitiveness, business, financial condition and results of
 operations will be harmed.

 We depend on our third-party subcontractors and our business
 could be harmed if our subcontractors do not perform as
 planned.  We rely on third-party subcontractors
 for much of our wafer testing, IC assembly, packaged testing,
 product assembly, product testing and order fulfillment. From
 time-to-time, our subcontractors have experienced difficulty
 meeting our requirements. If we are unable to increase the
 capacity of our current subcontractors or qualify and engage
 additional subcontractors, we may not be able to meet demand for
 our products. We do not have long-term contracts with our
 existing subcontractors nor do we expect to have long-term
 contracts with any new subcontract suppliers. We do not have
 exclusive relationships with any of our subcontractors, and
 therefore, cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient
 resources to manufacturing our products. We are not able to
 directly control product delivery schedules. Furthermore, we
 manufacture on a turnkey basis with some of our subcontract
 suppliers. In these arrangements, we do not have visibility and
 control of their inventories of purchased parts necessary to
 build our products or of the progress of our products through
 their assembly line. Any significant problems that occur at our
 subcontractors, or their failure to perform at the level we
 expect, could lead to product shortages or quality assurance
 problems, either of which would have adverse effects on our
 operating results.

 We have commenced production at a captive assembly and test
 manufacturing facility in China.  We commenced
 production at our captive assembly and test manufacturing
 facility in the Zizhu Science-Based Park near Shanghai, China in
 the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. We expect to continue to
 depend on our third-party subcontractors for the majority of our
 test and assembly needs; however, any delays or interruptions in
 the production ramp or targeted yields or any quality issues at
 our captive facility could harm our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 In transitioning to new processes, products and silicon
 sources, we face production and market acceptance risks that may
 cause significant product delays, cost overruns or performance
 issues that could harm our business. Successive generations
 of our products have incorporated semiconductors with greater
 memory capacity per chip. The transition to new generations of
 products, such as products containing 43-nanometer X2 technology
 or

56-nanometer
 X3 technology, is highly complex and requires new controllers,
 new test procedures and modifications of numerous aspects of
 manufacturing, as well as extensive qualification of the new
 products by both us and our OEM customers. There can be no
 assurance that this transition or future technology transitions
 will occur on schedule or at the yields or costs that we
 anticipate. If Flash Partners or Flash Alliance encounters
 difficulties in transitioning to new technologies, our cost per
 megabyte may not remain competitive with the costs achieved by
 other flash memory producers. Any material delay in a
 development or qualification schedule could delay deliveries and
 adversely impact our operating results. We periodically have
 experienced significant delays in the development and volume
 production

ramp-up of
 our products. Similar delays could occur in the future and could
 harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our products may contain errors or defects, which could
 result in the rejection of our products, product recalls, damage
 to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources
 and increased service costs and warranty claims and
 litigation.  Our products are complex, must meet
 stringent user requirements, may contain errors or defects and
 the majority of our products are warrantied for one to five
 years. Errors or defects in our products may be caused by, among
 other things, errors or defects in the memory or controller
 components, including components we procure from non-captive
 sources. In addition, in fiscal year 2007, approximately 95% of
 our NAND memory purchases were from our captive flash ventures
 with Toshiba and if the wafers contain errors or defects, our
 overall supply could be adversely affected. These factors could
 result in the rejection of our products, damage to our
 reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources,
 increased customer service and support costs and warranty claims
 and litigation. We record an allowance for warranty and similar
 costs in connection with sales of our products, but actual
 warranty and similar costs may be significantly higher than our
 recorded estimate and result in an adverse effect on our results
 of operations and financial condition.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our new products have from time-to-time been introduced with
 design and production errors at a rate higher than the error
 rate in our established products. We must estimate warranty and
 similar costs for new products without historical information
 and actual costs may significantly exceed our recorded
 estimates. Underestimation of our warranty and similar costs
 would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 We and Toshiba plan to continue to expand the wafer
 fabrication capacity of the Flash Alliance business venture as
 well as form a new venture, for which we will make substantial
 capital investments, which could adversely impact our operating
 results.  We and Toshiba commenced manufacturing
 at Fab 4 in September 2007, and together we intend to continue
 to make substantial investments in new capital assets to expand
 the wafer fabrication capacity of Fab 4 to 210,000 wafers per
 month. We expect to invest over $4 billion for our share in
 equipping and expanding Fab 4. In addition, we and Toshiba
 signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding for a new
 memory wafer fab in Japan and target production

start-up in
 2010. Our significant investments in manufacturing capacity may
 require us to obtain and guarantee capital equipment leases and
 use available cash, which could otherwise be used for other
 corporate purposes. Moreover, each time that we and Toshiba add
 substantial new wafer fabrication capacity, we will experience
 significant initial design and development and

start-up
 costs as a result of the delay between the time of the
 investment and the time qualified products are manufactured and
 sold in volume quantities. For several quarters, we will incur
 initial design and development costs and

start-up
 costs which will increase our expenses and reduce our gross
 margins. In addition, if we are ultimately unable to utilize our
 full share of the expanded output, we would be faced with excess
 inventory and potential impairment of our investments. Any
 excess inventory or investment impairment would negatively
 impact our gross margins, results of operations and financial
 condition.

 We have an investment of approximately $159 million in
 200-millimeter wafer manufacturing assets that we expect will no
 longer be cost effective in fiscal year
 2008.  Through the FlashVision venture with
 Toshiba, we have an investment of approximately
 $159 million in 200-millimeter wafer manufacturing assets.
 We believe that in fiscal year 2008, NAND produced on
 200-millimeter wafers will no longer be cost effective for our
 products and, as a result, we expect to dispose of our
 200-millimeter wafer manufacturing assets during fiscal year
 2008. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007, we recorded a
 $10 million impairment charge related to our equity
 investment in FlashVision. We are currently in negotiations with
 Toshiba regarding the future of the FlashVision venture which
 may include Toshiba purchasing our shares, sale and distribution
 of the venture’s equipment and underlying assets or a
 combination thereof. The impairment charge is based upon the
 expected outcome of these negotiations and related cash flows.
 There can be no assurance of a positive outcome to these
 negotiations and we may be required to record additional
 impairment charges.

 We have a contingent indemnification obligation and guarantee
 obligations related to the flash ventures with
 Toshiba.  Toshiba has guaranteed
 FlashVision’s lease arrangement with third-party lessors.
 The total minimum remaining lease payments as of
 December 30, 2007 were 3.6 billion Japanese yen, or
 approximately $32 million based upon the exchange rate at
 December 30, 2007. If Toshiba makes payments under its
 guarantee, we have agreed to indemnify Toshiba for 49.9% of its
 costs, subject to certain limitations and exclusions.

 From fiscal year 2004 through December 30, 2007, Flash
 Partners entered into and drew down five equipment master lease
 facilities totaling approximately 275.0 billion Japanese
 yen, or approximately $2.44 billion based upon the exchange
 rate at December 30, 2007, of which 220.0 billion
 Japanese yen, or approximately $1.95 billion based upon the
 exchange rate at December 30, 2007, net of accumulated
 lease payments, were outstanding at December 30, 2007. As
 of December 30, 2007, our cumulative guarantee under these
 equipment leases, net of cumulative lease payments, was
 approximately 110.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately
 $974 million based on the exchange rate at
 December 30, 2007.

 In fiscal year 2007, Flash Alliance entered into an equipment
 master lease facility totaling approximately 100.0 billion
 Japanese yen, or approximately $886 million based upon the
 exchange rate at December 30, 2007, of which
 30.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately
 $266 million based upon the exchange rate at
 December 30, 2007, was drawn and outstanding at
 December 30, 2007. As of December 30, 2007, our
 cumulative guarantee under this equipment lease was
 approximately 15.0 billion Japanese yen, or approximately
 $133 million based on the exchange rate at
 December 30, 2007. In addition, on February 19, 2008,
 Flash Alliance drew down on the 100 billion Japanese yen
 master lease agreement an additional 30 billion Japanese
 yen, or approximately $133 million based on

 18

Table of Contents

 the exchange rate at December 30, 2007. These leases
 contain numerous default clauses which, if triggered, could
 cause us to repay the amounts due under our guarantees.

 We and Toshiba have also agreed to mutually contribute to, and
 indemnify each other, Flash Partners and Flash Alliance for
 environmental remediation costs or liability resulting from
 Flash Partners’ and Flash Alliance’s manufacturing
 operations in certain circumstances. In addition, we and Toshiba
 entered into a Patent Indemnification Agreement under which in
 certain cases we may share in the expenses associated with the
 defense and cost of settlement associated with such claims. This
 agreement provides limited protection for us against third-party
 claims that NAND flash memory products manufactured and sold by
 Flash Partners or Flash Alliance infringe third-party patents.

 None of the foregoing obligations are reflected as liabilities
 on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. If we have to perform our
 obligations under these agreements, our business will be harmed
 and our financial condition and results of operations will be
 adversely affected.

 Seasonality in our business may result in our inability to
 accurately forecast our product purchase
 requirements.  Sales of our products in the
 consumer electronics market are subject to seasonality. For
 example, sales have typically increased significantly in the
 fourth quarter of each fiscal year, sometimes followed by
 significant declines in the first quarter of the following
 fiscal year. This seasonality was particularly pronounced in the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006 and the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2007 during which we experienced a larger than
 average sequential increase in retail unit sales in the fourth
 quarter of fiscal year 2006, followed by a larger than average
 sequential decrease in retail unit sales in the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2007. We may experience the same seasonality between
 the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007 and the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2008. This seasonality may become even more
 pronounced if we increase the mix of our sales coming from
 consumer products such as our Sansa digital audio players. This
 seasonality makes it more difficult for us to forecast our
 business. If our forecasts are inaccurate, we may lose market
 share or procure excess inventory or inappropriately increase or
 decrease our operating expenses, any of which could harm our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. This
 seasonality also may lead to higher volatility in our stock
 price, the need for significant working capital investments in
 receivables and inventory and our need to build inventory levels
 in advance of our most active selling seasons.

 From time-to-time, we overestimate our requirements and build
 excess inventory, or underestimate our requirements and have a
 shortage of supply, either of which harm our financial
 results.  The majority of our products are sold
 into consumer markets, which are difficult to accurately
 forecast. Also, a substantial majority of our quarterly sales
 are from orders received and fulfilled in that quarter.
 Additionally, we depend upon timely reporting from our retail
 and distributor customers as to their inventory levels and sales
 of our products in order to forecast demand for our products. We
 have in the past significantly over-forecasted or
 under-forecasted actual demand for our products. The failure to
 accurately forecast demand for our products will result in lost
 sales or excess inventory, both of which will have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. In addition, at times inventory may increase in
 anticipation of increased demand or as captive wafer capacity
 ramps. If demand does not materialize, we may be forced to
 write-down excess inventory which may harm our financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Under conditions of tight flash memory supply, we may be unable
 to adequately increase our production volumes or secure
 sufficient supply in order to maintain our market share. If we
 are unable to maintain market share, our results of operations
 and financial condition could be harmed. Conversely, during
 periods of excess supply in the market for our flash memory
 products, we may lose market share to competitors who
 aggressively lower their prices and we may be forced to
 write-down inventory, which is in excess of forecasted demand or
 must be sold below cost. If we lose market share due to price
 competition or we must write-down inventory, our results of
 operations and financial condition could be harmed.

 Our ability to respond to changes in market conditions from our
 forecast is limited by our purchasing arrangements with our
 silicon sources. Some of these arrangements provide that the
 first three months of our rolling six-month projected supply
 requirements are fixed and we may make only limited percentage
 changes in the second three months of the period covered by our
 supply requirement projections.

 19

Table of Contents

 We have some non-silicon components which have long lead times
 requiring us to place orders several months in advance of our
 anticipated demand. The extended period of time to secure these
 long lead time parts increases our risk that forecasts will vary
 substantially from actual demand, which could lead to excess
 inventory or loss of sales.

 We are sole-sourced for a number of our critical components
 and the absence of a
 back-up
 supplier exposes our supply chain to unanticipated
 disruptions.
  We rely on our vendors, some of
 which are a sole source of supply, for many of our critical
 components, such as certain controllers for our CompactFlash and
 USB products. We do not have long-term supply agreements with
 most of these vendors. Our business, financial condition and
 operating results could be significantly harmed by delays or
 reductions in shipments if we are unable to obtain sufficient
 quantities of these components or develop alternative sources of
 supply.

 Our global operations and operations at the flash ventures
 with Toshiba and third-party subcontractors are subject to risks
 for which we may not be adequately insured.  Our
 global operations are subject to many risks including errors and
 omissions, infrastructure disruptions, such as large-scale
 outages or interruptions of service from utilities or
 telecommunications providers, supply chain interruptions,
 third-party liabilities and fires or natural disasters. No
 assurance can be given that we will not incur losses beyond the
 limits of, or outside the scope of, coverage of our insurance
 policies. From time-to-time, various types of insurance have not
 been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some
 cases, have been unavailable. We cannot assure you that in the
 future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage
 or that premiums will not increase substantially. We maintain
 limited insurance coverage and in some cases no coverage for
 natural disasters and sudden and accidental environmental
 damages as these types of insurance are sometimes not available
 or available only at a prohibitive cost. Accordingly, we may be
 subject to an uninsured or under-insured loss in such
 situations. We depend upon Toshiba to obtain and maintain
 sufficient property, business interruption and other insurance
 for the flash ventures with Toshiba. If Toshiba fails to do so,
 we could suffer significant unreimbursable losses, and such
 failure could also put the flash ventures with Toshiba in breach
 of various financing covenants. In addition, we insure against
 property loss and business interruption resulting from the risks
 incurred at our third-party subcontractors; however, we have
 limited control as to how those sub-contractors run their
 operations and manage their risks, and as a result we may not be
 adequately insured.

 We are exposed to significant risk from foreign currency
 fluctuations.  Our purchases of NAND flash memory
 from the flash ventures with Toshiba and our investments in, and
 other transactions related to, those ventures are denominated in
 Japanese yen. In recent months, the Japanese yen has appreciated
 relative to the U.S. dollar and this will increase our
 costs of NAND flash wafers. Further, most of our products are
 manufactured in China and significant fluctuations in Chinese
 renminbi, or RMB, could increase our product costs. We expect
 over time to increase the percentage of our sales denominated in
 currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Management of
 foreign exchange exposures is complex and we do not currently
 hedge many of these exposures. If we do not successfully manage
 our foreign exchange exposures, our business, results of
 operations and financial condition could be harmed.

 We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights,
 which would harm our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.  We rely on a combination of
 patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws,
 confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect
 our intellectual property rights. In the past, we have been
 involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our
 intellectual property rights and those of others, including
 claims that we may be infringing third-parties’ patents,
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We expect
 that we may be involved in similar disputes in the future.

 We cannot assure you that:

 • 

 any of our existing patents will not be invalidated;

 • 

 patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;

 • 

 any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have
 sufficient scope or strength;

 • 

 our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our
 products are sold in order to protect our rights and potential
 commercial advantage; or

 • 

 any of our products or technologies do not infringe on the
 patents of other companies.

 20

Table of Contents

 In addition, our competitors may be able to design their
 products around our patents and other proprietary rights. We
 also have patent cross-license agreements with several of our
 leading competitors. Under these agreements, we have enabled
 competitors to manufacture and sell products that incorporate
 technology covered by our patents. While we obtain license and
 royalty revenue or other consideration for these licenses, if we
 continue to license our patents to our competitors, competition
 may increase and may harm our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 There are both flash memory producers and flash memory card
 manufacturers who we believe may require a license from us.
 Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring
 a patent infringement action and are not successful, our
 competitors would be able to use similar technology to compete
 with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an action may
 successfully countersue us for infringement of their patents or
 assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or
 unenforceable. If we do not prevail in the defense of patent
 infringement claims, we could be required to pay substantial
 damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing
 products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing
 technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain
 licenses to the infringing technology.

 On October 24, 2007, we initiated two patent infringement
 actions in the United States District Court for the Western
 District of Wisconsin and one action in the United States
 International Trade Commission against 25 companies that
 manufacture, sell and import USB flash drives, CompactFlash
 cards, multimedia cards, MP3/media players
 and/or other
 removable flash storage products. There can be no assurance that
 we will be successful in this litigation or that we will not
 face counterclaims of the nature described above.

 We may be unable to license intellectual property to or from
 third parties as needed, or renew existing licenses, which could
 expose us to liability for damages, reduce our royalty revenues,
 increase our costs or limit or prohibit us from selling
 products.  If we incorporate third-party
 technology into our products or if we are found to infringe
 others’ intellectual property, we could be required to
 license intellectual property from a third party. We may also
 need to license some of our intellectual property to others in
 order to enable us to obtain important cross-licenses to
 third-party patents. We cannot be certain that licenses will be
 offered when we need them, that the terms offered will be
 acceptable, or that these licenses will help our business. If we
 do obtain licenses from third parties, we may be required to pay
 license fees or royalty payments. In addition, if we are unable
 to obtain a license that is necessary to manufacture our
 products, we could be required to suspend the manufacture of
 products or stop our product suppliers from using processes that
 may infringe the rights of third parties. We may not be
 successful in redesigning our products, or the necessary
 licenses may not be available under reasonable terms. Our
 license and royalty revenues comprise the majority of our cash
 provided by operating activities. For the year ended
 December 30, 2007 license revenue was $450 million, or
 approximately 12% of our total revenue. If our existing
 licensees do not renew their licenses upon expiration and we are
 not successful in signing new licensees in the future, our
 license revenue, profitability, and cash provided by operating
 activities would be adversely impacted. For example, our current
 license agreement with Samsung expires in August 2009, and to
 the extent that we are unable to renew this agreement under
 similar terms or if we are unable to renew at all, our financial
 results may be adversely impacted, and we may incur additional
 patent litigation costs to renew Samsung as a licensee.

 We are currently and may in the future be involved in
 litigation, including litigation regarding our intellectual
 property rights or those of third parties, which may be costly,
 may divert the efforts of our key personnel and could result in
 adverse court rulings, which could materially harm our
 business.  We are involved in a number of
 lawsuits, including among others, several cases involving our
 patents and the patents of third parties. We are the plaintiff
 in some of these actions and the defendant in other of these
 actions. Some of the actions seek injunctions against the sale
 of our products

and/or
 substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 We and other companies have been sued in the United States
 District Court of the Northern District of California in
 purported consumer class actions alleging a conspiracy to fix,
 raise, maintain or stabilize the pricing of flash memory, and
 concealment thereof, in violation of state and federal laws. The
 lawsuits purport to be on behalf of classes of purchasers of
 flash memory. The lawsuits seek restitution, injunction and
 damages, including treble damages, in an unspecified amount.

 21

Table of Contents

 In addition, in September 2007, we and Dr. Eli Harari, our
 founder, chairman and chief executive officer, received grand
 jury subpoenas issued from the United States District Court for
 the Northern District of California indicating a Department of
 Justice investigation into possible antitrust violations in the
 NAND flash memory industry. We also received a notice from the
 Canadian Competition Bureau that the Bureau has commenced an
 industry-wide investigation with respect to alleged
 anti-competitive activity regarding the conduct of companies
 engaged in the supply of NAND flash memory chips to Canada and
 requesting that we preserve any records relevant to such
 investigation. We intend to cooperate in these investigations.
 We are unable to predict the outcome of these lawsuits and
 investigations. The cost of discovery and defense in these
 actions as well as the final resolution of these alleged
 violations of antitrust laws could result in significant
 liability and may harm our business, financial condition and
 results of operations. For additional information concerning
 these proceedings, see Item 3, “Legal
 Proceedings.”

 Litigation is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that
 may cause actual results to differ materially from our
 expectations. Factors that could cause litigation results to
 differ include, but are not limited to, the discovery of
 previously unknown facts, changes in the law or in the
 interpretation of laws, and uncertainties associated with the
 judicial decision-making process. If we receive an adverse
 judgment in any litigation, we could be required to pay
 substantial damages
 and/or cease
 the manufacture, use and sale of products. Litigation, including
 intellectual property litigation, can be complex, can extend for
 a protracted period of time, and can be very expensive.
 Litigation initiated by us could also result in counter-claims
 against us, which could increase the costs associated with the
 litigation and result in our payment of damages or other
 judgments against us. In addition, litigation may divert the
 efforts and attention of some of our key personnel.

 We have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to claims
 and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of
 the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 of third parties. From
 time-to-time
 we have sued, and may in the future sue, third parties in order
 to protect our intellectual property rights. Parties that we
 have sued and that we may sue for patent infringement may
 countersue us for infringing their patents. If we are held to
 infringe the intellectual property of others, we may need to
 spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology
 or obtain licenses from third parties, but we may not be able to
 develop such technology or acquire such licenses on terms
 acceptable to us or at all. We may also be required to pay
 significant damages

and/or
 discontinue the use of certain manufacturing or design
 processes. In addition, we or our suppliers could be enjoined
 from selling some or all of our respective products in one or
 more geographic locations. If we or our suppliers are enjoined
 from selling any of our respective products or if we are
 required to develop new technologies or pay significant monetary
 damages or are required to make substantial royalty payments,
 our business would be harmed.

 We may be obligated to indemnify our current or former directors
 or employees, or former directors or employees of companies that
 we have acquired, in connection with litigation or regulatory or
 Department of Justice investigations. These liabilities could be
 substantial and may include, among other things, the costs of
 defending lawsuits against these individuals; the cost of
 defending any shareholder derivative suits; the cost of
 governmental, law enforcement or regulatory investigations;
 civil or criminal fines and penalties; legal and other expenses;
 and expenses associated with the remedial measures, if any,
 which may be imposed.

 Moreover, from time-to-time we agree to indemnify certain of our
 suppliers and customers for alleged patent infringement. The
 scope of such indemnity varies but generally includes
 indemnification for direct and consequential damages and
 expenses, including attorneys’ fees. We may from
 time-to-time be engaged in litigation as a result of these
 indemnification obligations. Third-party claims for patent
 infringement are excluded from coverage under our insurance
 policies. A future obligation to indemnify our customers or
 suppliers may have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations. For additional
 information concerning legal proceedings, see Item 3,
 “Legal Proceedings.”

 Because of our international business and operations, we must
 comply with numerous international laws and regulations, and we
 are vulnerable to political instability and other risks related
 to international operations.  Currently, a large
 portion of our revenues is derived from our international
 operations, and all of our products are produced overseas in
 China, Israel, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. We are, therefore,
 affected by the political, economic, labor, environmental,
 public health and military conditions in these countries.

 22

Table of Contents

 For example, China does not currently have a comprehensive and
 highly developed legal system, particularly with respect to the
 protection of intellectual property rights. This results, among
 other things, in the prevalence of counterfeit goods in China.
 The enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts
 remains uncertain, and the implementation and interpretation of
 such laws may be inconsistent. Such inconsistency could lead to
 piracy and degradation of our intellectual property protection.
 Although we engage in efforts to prevent counterfeit products
 from entering the market, those efforts may not be successful.
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be
 harmed by the sale of counterfeit products.

 Our international business activities could also be limited or
 disrupted by any of the following factors:

 • 

 the need to comply with foreign government regulation;

 • 

 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;

 • 

 reduced sales to our customers or interruption to our
 manufacturing processes in the Pacific Rim that may arise from
 regional issues in Asia;

 • 

 imposition of regulatory requirements, tariffs, import and
 export restrictions and other barriers and restrictions;

 • 

 changes in, or the particular application of, government
 regulations;

 • 

 duties
 and/or fees
 related to customs entries for our products, which are all
 manufactured offshore;

 • 

 longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts
 receivable collection;

 • 

 adverse tax rules and regulations;

 • 

 weak protection of our intellectual property rights;

 • 

 delays in product shipments due to local customs
 restrictions; and

 • 

 delays in research and development that may arise from political
 unrest at our development centers in Israel.

 Tower Semiconductor’s financial situation is
 challenging.  Tower supplies a significant portion
 of our controller wafers from its Fab 2 facility and is
 currently a sole source of supply for some of our controllers.
 Tower’s Fab 2 is operational and in the process of
 expanding capacity and our ability to continue to obtain
 sufficient supply on a cost-effective basis may be dependent
 upon completion of this capacity expansion. Tower’s
 continued expansion of Fab 2 requires sufficient funds to
 operate in the short-term and raising the funds required to
 implement the current

ramp-up
 plan. If Tower fails to comply with the financial ratios and
 covenants contained in the amended credit facility agreement
 with its banks, fails to attract additional customers, fails to
 operate its Fab 2 facility in a cost-effective manner, fails to
 secure additional financing, fails to meet the conditions to
 receive government grants and tax benefits approved for Fab 2,
 or fails to obtain the approval of the Israeli Investment Center
 for a new expansion program, Tower’s continued operations
 could be at risk. If this occurs, we will be forced to source
 our controllers from another supplier and our business,
 financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.
 Specifically, our ability to supply a number of products would
 be disrupted until we were able to transition manufacturing and
 qualify a new foundry with respect to controllers that are
 currently sole sourced at Tower, which could take three or more
 quarters to complete.

 As of December 30, 2007, we have recognized cumulative
 losses of approximately $55.4 million as a result of the
 other-than-temporary decline in the value of our investment in
 Tower ordinary shares, $12.2 million as a result of the
 impairment in value on our prepaid wafer credits and
 $1.3 million of losses on our warrant to purchase Tower
 ordinary shares. We are subject to certain regulations or
 restrictions on the transfer of our approximately
 14.1 million Tower ordinary shares. It is possible that we
 will record further write-downs of our investment, which was
 carried on our consolidated balance sheet at $20.1 million
 at December 30, 2007, which would harm our results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile,
 which could result in investors losing all or part of their
 investments.  The market price of our stock has
 fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to
 fluctuate in the future. We believe that such fluctuations will
 continue as a result of many factors, including future
 announcements concerning us, our competitors or our principal
 customers regarding financial results or expectations,
 technological innovations, industry supply or demand dynamics,
 new product introductions, governmental

 23

Table of Contents

 regulations, the commencement or results of litigation or
 changes in earnings estimates by analysts. In addition, in
 recent years the stock market has experienced significant price
 and volume fluctuations and the market prices of the securities
 of high technology and semiconductor companies have been
 especially volatile, often for reasons outside the control of
 the particular companies. These fluctuations as well as general
 economic, political and market conditions may have an adverse
 affect on the market price of our common stock as well as the
 price of our outstanding convertible notes and could impact the
 likelihood of those notes being converted into our common stock,
 which would cause further dilution to our stockholders.

 We may engage in business combinations that are dilutive to
 existing stockholders, result in unanticipated accounting
 charges or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations,
 and result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the
 operations, personnel, technologies, products and information
 systems of acquired companies or businesses.  We
 continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they
 arise, including business combinations, strategic partnerships,
 collaborations, capital investments and the purchase, licensing
 or sale of assets. If we issue equity securities in connection
 with an acquisition, the issuance may be dilutive to our
 existing stockholders. Alternatively, acquisitions made entirely
 or partially for cash would reduce our cash reserves.

 Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
 typically entail many risks and could result in difficulties in
 assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies, products and information systems of acquired
 companies. We may experience delays in the timing and successful
 integration of acquired technologies and product development
 through volume production, unanticipated costs and expenditures,
 changing relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic
 partners, or contractual, intellectual property or employment
 issues. In addition, key personnel of an acquired company may
 decide not to work for us. The acquisition of another company or
 its products and technologies may also result in our entering
 into a geographic or business market in which we have little or
 no prior experience. These challenges could disrupt our ongoing
 business, distract our management and employees, harm our
 reputation, subject us to an increased risk of intellectual
 property and other litigation and increase our expenses. These
 challenges are magnified as the size of the acquisition
 increases, and we cannot assure you that we will realize the
 intended benefits of any acquisition. Acquisitions may require
 large one-time charges and can result in increased debt or
 contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, substantial
 depreciation or deferred compensation charges, the amortization
 of identifiable purchased intangible assets or impairment of
 goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or results of operations.

 Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are
 inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our
 control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or
 future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially
 adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial
 condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate
 acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating
 results. Even when an acquired company has already developed and
 marketed products, there can be no assurance that such products
 will be successful after the closing, will not cannibalize sales
 of our existing products, that product enhancements will be made
 in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will
 have identified all possible issues that might arise with
 respect to such company. Failed business combinations, or the
 efforts to create a business combination, can also result in
 litigation.

 Our success depends on our key personnel, including our
 executive officers, the loss of whom could disrupt our
 business.  Our success greatly depends on the
 continued contributions of our senior management and other key
 research and development, sales, marketing and operations
 personnel, including Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, chairman
 and chief executive officer. We do not have employment
 agreements with any of our executive officers and they are free
 to terminate their employment with us at any time. Our success
 will also depend on our ability to recruit additional highly
 skilled personnel. We may not be successful in hiring or
 retaining key personnel.

 Terrorist attacks, war, threats of war and government
 responses thereto may negatively impact our operations,
 revenues, costs and stock price.  Terrorist
 attacks, U.S. military responses to these attacks, war,
 threats of war and any corresponding decline in consumer
 confidence could have a negative impact on consumer retail
 demand, which is the largest channel for our products. Any of
 these events may disrupt our operations or those of our
 customers and suppliers and may affect the availability of
 materials needed to manufacture our products or the means to
 transport those materials to manufacturing facilities and
 finished products to customers. Any of these events could also

 24

Table of Contents

 increase volatility in the United States and world financial
 markets, which could harm our stock price and may limit the
 capital resources available to us and our customers or
 suppliers, or adversely affect consumer confidence. We have
 substantial operations in Israel including a development center
 in Northern Israel, near the border with Lebanon, areas that
 have recently experienced significant violence and political
 unrest. Tower, which supplies a significant portion of our
 controller wafers, is also located in Israel. Continued turmoil
 and unrest in Israel or the Middle East could cause delays in
 the development or production of our products. This could harm
 our business and results of operations.

 Natural disasters or epidemics in the countries in which we
 or our suppliers or subcontractors operate could negatively
 impact our operations.  Our operations, including
 those of our suppliers and subcontractors, are concentrated in
 Milpitas, California; Yokkaichi, Japan; Hsinchu and Taichung,
 Taiwan; and Dongguan, Shanghai and Shenzen, China. In the past,
 these areas have been affected by natural disasters such as
 earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and typhoons, and some areas have
 been affected by epidemics, such as avian flu. If a natural
 disaster or epidemic were to occur in one or more of these
 areas, our operations could be significantly impaired and our
 business may be harmed. This is magnified by the fact that we do
 not have insurance for most natural disasters, including
 earthquakes. This could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 To manage our growth, we may need to improve our systems,
 controls, processes and procedures. We have experienced and may
 continue to experience rapid growth, which has placed, and could
 continue to place a significant strain on our managerial,
 financial and operations resources and
 personnel.  Our business and number of employees
 have increased significantly over the last several years. We
 must continually enhance our operational, accounting and
 financial systems to accommodate the growth and increasing
 complexity of our business. For example, we have recently
 decided to replace our enterprise resource planning, or ERP,
 system. This project will require significant investment, the
 re-engineering of many processes used to run our business, and
 the attention of many employees and managers who would otherwise
 be focused on other aspects of our business. The design and
 implementation of the new ERP system could also take longer than
 anticipated and put further strain on our ability to run our
 business on the older, existing ERP system. Any design flaws or
 delays in the new ERP system or any distraction of our workforce
 from competing business requirements could harm our business or
 results of operations. We must also continue to enhance our
 controls and procedures and workforce training. If we do not
 manage our growth effectively or adapt our systems, processes
 and procedures to our growing business and organization, our
 business and results of operations could be harmed.

 We may need to raise additional financing, which could be
 difficult to obtain, and which if not obtained in satisfactory
 amounts may prevent us from funding flash ventures with Toshiba
 or other third parties, increasing our wafer supply, developing
 or enhancing our products, taking advantage of future
 opportunities, growing our business or responding to competitive
 pressures or unanticipated industry changes, any of which could
 harm our business.  We currently believe that we
 have sufficient cash resources to fund our operations as well as
 our anticipated investments in ventures with third parties for
 at least the next twelve months; however, we may in the future
 raise additional funds, including funds to meet our obligations
 with respect to Flash Partners and Flash Alliance, or with
 respect to the potential new memory wafer fab, and we cannot be
 certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on
 favorable terms, if at all. From time-to-time, we may decide to
 raise additional funds through public or private debt, equity or
 lease financings. If we issue additional equity securities, our
 stockholders will experience dilution and the new equity
 securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to
 those of existing holders of common stock. If we raise funds
 through debt or lease financing, we will have to pay interest
 and may be subject to restrictive covenants, which could harm
 our business. If our corporate rating is significantly
 downgraded by any rating agency, it may impair the ability of
 our flash ventures with Toshiba to obtain future equipment lease
 financings on terms consistent with current leases and would
 cause a default under certain current leases, either of which
 could harm our business and financial condition. If we cannot
 raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, we may not
 be able to develop or enhance our products, fulfill our
 obligations to Flash Partners and Flash Alliance, take advantage
 of future opportunities, grow our business or respond to
 competitive pressures or unanticipated industry changes, any of
 which could have a negative impact on our business.

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents,
 stockholder rights plan and in Delaware law could discourage or
 delay a change in control and, as a result, negatively impact
 our stockholders.  We have taken a number of
 actions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover
 attempt. For example, we have a

 25

Table of Contents

 stockholders’ rights plan that would cause substantial
 dilution to a stockholder, and substantially increase the cost
 paid by a stockholder, who attempts to acquire us on terms not
 approved by our board of directors. This could discourage an
 acquisition of us. In addition, our certificate of incorporation
 grants our board of directors the authority to fix the rights,
 preferences and privileges of and issue up to
 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder
 action (2,000,000 of which have already been reserved under our
 stockholder rights plan). Issuing preferred stock could have the
 effect of making it more difficult and less attractive for a
 third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting
 stock. Preferred stock may also have other rights, including
 economic rights senior to our common stock that could have a
 material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.
 In addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This
 section provides that a corporation may not engage in any
 business combination with any interested stockholder during the
 three-year period following the time that a stockholder became
 an interested stockholder. This provision could have the effect
 of delaying or discouraging a change of control of SanDisk.

 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to
 additional income tax liabilities could affect our
 profitability.  We are subject to income tax in
 the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax
 liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory,
 services, licenses, funding and other items in intercompany
 transactions. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various
 jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our
 intercompany charges or other matters and assess additional
 taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits
 in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision.
 However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately
 predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of
 these audits could have a material impact on our net income or
 financial condition. In addition, our effective tax rate in the
 future could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of
 earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
 changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities,
 changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the
 course of our tax return preparation process. In particular, the
 carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly
 in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate
 future taxable income in the United States. Any of these
 changes could affect our profitability. Declining product
 margins can cause reduced profits in our manufacturing entities
 which are primarily located in relatively low tax rate
 jurisdictions. Continued product margin declines could have a
 material adverse impact on our effective tax rate. Furthermore,
 our tax provisions could be adversely affected as a result of
 any further interpretative accounting guidance related to
 accounting for uncertain tax positions.

 We may be subject to risks associated with environmental
 regulations.  Production and marketing of products
 in certain states and countries may subject us to environmental
 and other regulations including, in some instances, the
 responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling.
 Such laws and regulations have recently been passed in several
 jurisdictions in which we operate, including Japan and certain
 states within the United States. Although we do not anticipate
 any material adverse effects in the future based on the nature
 of our operations and the focus of such laws, there is no
 assurance such existing laws or future laws will not have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or
 results of operations.

 In the event we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements
 relating to internal controls, or if our internal controls over
 financial reporting are not effective, our business could
 suffer.  In connection with our certification
 process under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, we have
 identified in the past and will from time-to-time identify
 deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting.
 We cannot assure you that individually or in the aggregate these
 deficiencies would not be deemed to be a material weakness.
 Furthermore, we may not be able to implement enhancements on a
 timely basis, including any enhancements necessary to integrate
 msystems operations, in order to prevent a failure of our
 internal controls or enable us to furnish future unqualified
 certifications. A material weakness or deficiency in internal
 control over financial reporting could materially impact our
 reported financial results and the market price of our stock
 could significantly decline. Additionally, adverse publicity
 related to the disclosure of a material weakness or deficiency
 in internal controls could have a negative impact on our
 reputation, business and stock price. Any internal control or
 procedure, no matter how well designed and operated, can only
 provide reasonable assurance of achieving desired control
 objectives and cannot prevent intentional misconduct or fraud.

 Our debt service obligations may adversely affect our cash
 flow.  While the 1% Senior Convertible Notes
 due 2013 and the 1% Convertible Notes due 2035 are
 outstanding, we are obligated to pay to the holders thereof

 26

Table of Contents

 approximately $12.3 million per year in interest. If we
 issue other debt securities in the future, our debt service
 obligations will increase. If we are unable to generate
 sufficient cash to meet these obligations and must instead use
 our existing cash or investments, we may have to reduce, curtail
 or terminate other business activities. We intend to fulfill our
 debt service obligations from cash generated by our operations,
 if any, and from our existing cash and investments. Our
 indebtedness could have significant negative consequences.

 For example, it could:

 • 

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
 industry conditions;

 • 

 limit our ability to obtain additional financing;

 • 

 require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow
 from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on,
 our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash
 flow to fund our growth strategy, working capital, capital
 expenditures and other general corporate purposes;

 • 

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business and our industry; and

 • 

 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our
 competitors with less debt.

 The accounting method for convertible debt securities with
 net share settlement, such as our 1% Senior Convertible
 Notes due 2013 may be subject to change.  The
 Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a proposed
 FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) No. APB

14-a,

Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be
 Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash
 Settlement). The proposed accounting method for net share
 settled convertible securities would be to bifurcate and account
 for the net settled convertible securities as if they were a
 separate debt and equity security. In November 2007, the FASB
 announced it is expected to begin its redeliberations of the
 proposed FSP in February 2008. Therefore, final guidance will
 not be issued until at least the end of the first quarter of
 2008, and earlier application would not be permitted. The
 guidance in the proposed FSP would be applied retrospectively to
 all periods presented. While the proposed FSP has not yet been
 finalized by the FASB, our initial estimate based upon the
 current interpretations by the FASB, is that we would be
 required to report an additional before tax, non-cash interest
 expense of approximately $400 million over the life of the
 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013, including
 approximately $50 million to $55 million in fiscal
 2008. However, these amounts are subject to material changes
 based upon finalization of the proposed FSP. These impacts could
 adversely affect our financial results, the trading price of our
 common stock and negatively impact the trading price of the
 notes.

 We have significant financial obligations related to our
 flash ventures with Toshiba, which could impact our ability to
 comply with our obligations under our 1% Senior Convertible
 Notes due 2013 and our 1% Convertible Notes due
 2035.  We have entered into agreements to
 guarantee, indemnify or provide financial support with respect
 to lease and certain other obligations of the flash ventures
 with Toshiba in which we have a 49.9% ownership interest. In
 addition, we may enter into future agreements to increase
 manufacturing capacity, including the expansion of Fab 4. As of
 December 30, 2007, we had indemnification and guarantee
 obligations for these ventures of approximately
 $1.14 billion. As of December 30, 2007, we had
 unfunded commitments of approximately $1.8 billion to fund
 our various obligations under the Flash Partners and Flash
 Alliance ventures with Toshiba. Due to these and our other
 commitments, we may not have sufficient funds to make payments
 under or repurchase the notes.

 The net share settlement feature of the 1% Senior
 Convertible Notes due 2013 may have adverse
 consequences.  The 1% Senior Convertible
 Notes due 2013 are subject to net share settlement, which means
 that we will satisfy our conversion obligation to holders by
 paying cash in settlement of the lesser of the principal amount
 and the conversion value of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes
 due 2013 and by delivering shares of our common stock in
 settlement of any and all conversion obligations in excess of
 the daily conversion values.

 Our failure to convert the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due
 2013 into cash or a combination of cash and common stock upon
 exercise of a holder’s conversion right in accordance with
 the provisions of the indenture would constitute a default under
 the indenture. We may not have the financial resources or be
 able to arrange for financing to pay such principal amount in
 connection with the surrender of the 1% Senior Convertible
 Notes due 2013 for conversion. While we currently only have debt
 related to the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 and the

 27

Table of Contents

 1% Convertible Notes due 2035 and we do not have other
 agreements that would restrict our ability to pay the principal
 amount of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 in cash,
 we may enter into such an agreement in the future, which may
 limit or prohibit our ability to make any such payment. In
 addition, a default under the indenture could lead to a default
 under existing and future agreements governing our indebtedness.
 If, due to a default, the repayment of related indebtedness were
 to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods,
 we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and
 amounts owing in respect of the conversion of any 1% Senior
 Convertible Notes due 2013.

 The convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant
 option transactions may affect the value of the notes and our
 common stock.  We have entered into convertible
 note hedge transactions with Morgan Stanley & Co.
 International Limited and Goldman, Sachs & Co., or the
 dealers. These transactions are expected to reduce the potential
 dilution upon conversion of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes
 due 2013. We used approximately $67.3 million of the net
 proceeds of funds received from the 1% Senior Convertible
 Notes due 2013 to pay the net cost of the convertible note hedge
 in excess of the warrant transactions. These transactions were
 accounted for as an adjustment to our stockholders’ equity.
 In connection with hedging these transactions, the dealers or
 their affiliates:

 • 

 have entered into various over-the-counter cash-settled
 derivative transactions with respect to our common stock,
 concurrently with, and shortly after, the pricing of the
 notes; and

 • 

 may enter into, or may unwind, various over-the-counter
 derivatives
 and/or
 purchase or sell our common stock in secondary market
 transactions following the pricing of the notes, including
 during any observation period related to a conversion of notes.

 The dealers or their affiliates are likely to modify their hedge
 positions from time-to-time prior to conversion or maturity of
 the notes by purchasing and selling shares of our common stock,
 our securities or other instruments they may wish to use in
 connection with such hedging. In particular, such hedging
 modification may occur during any observation period for a
 conversion of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013,
 which may have a negative effect on the value of the
 consideration received in relation to the conversion of those
 notes. In addition, we intend to exercise options we hold under
 the convertible note hedge transactions whenever notes are
 converted. To unwind their hedge positions with respect to those
 exercised options, the dealers or their affiliates expect to
 sell shares of our common stock in secondary market transactions
 or unwind various over-the-counter derivative transactions with
 respect to our common stock during the observation period, if
 any, for the converted notes.

 The effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities
 on the market price of our common stock or the 1% Senior
 Convertible Notes due 2013 will depend in part on market
 conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any of
 these activities could adversely affect the value of our common
 stock and the value of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due
 2013 and, as a result, the amount of cash and the number of
 shares of common stock, if any, holders will receive upon the
 conversion of the notes.

 There is pending litigation.  Actions
 purporting to be class and derivative actions on behalf of
 msystems and its shareholders were filed against us and msystems
 prior to the closing of the merger. See Item 3, “Legal
 Proceedings.” We may be required to expend significant
 resources, including management time, to defend these actions
 and could be subject to damages or settlement costs related to
 these actions. We are responsible for liabilities associated
 with these and any other class and derivative actions, including
 indemnification of directors and certain members of management
 of msystems.