Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may adversely affect our
financial condition and our stock price.  
Our
quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past
and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future.  Our
results of operations are subject to fluctuations and other risks, including,
among others:

 ·  

 competitive
 pricing pressures, and industry or our excess supply, resulting in
 significantly lower average selling prices and lower or negative product
 gross margins;

 ·  

 significant
 reduction in demand due to a prolonged and severe global economic
 downturn, or other conditions;

 ·  

 reduction
 in price elasticity of demand related to pricing changes for our markets
 and products;

 ·  

 our
 license and royalty revenues may decline significantly in the future as
 our existing license agreements and key patents expire or if licensees
 fail to perform on a portion or all of their contractual obligations,
 which may also lead to increased patent litigation
 costs;

 ·  

 reduced
 sales due to continued declines in consumer confidence or worldwide
 economic weakness;

 ·  

 a
 potential future downgrade in our corporate rating by Rating &
 Investment Information, Inc., leading to non-compliance with certain
 covenants in, or potential default under, certain Flash Venture master
 equipment leases;

 ·  

 inability
 to match our captive memory output to overall market demand for our
 products, which could result in write-downs for excess inventory, lower of
 cost or market reserves, fixed costs associated with our investments,
 restructuring of our joint ventures with Toshiba, or other
 actions;

 ·  

 inability
 to complete the restructuring transactions with Toshiba announced on
 January 29, 2009 in a timely manner, or at
 all;

 ·  

 increased
 memory component and other costs as a result of currency exchange rate
 fluctuations to the U.S. dollar, particularly with respect to the Japanese
 yen;

 ·  

 inability
 to reduce operating expenses to reflect the current environment while
 continuing to invest in future technologies and
 products;

 ·  

 expansion
 of supply from existing competitors and ourselves creating excess market
 supply, causing our average selling prices to decline faster than our
 costs;

 ·  

 inability
 to develop or unexpected difficulties or delays in developing or
 manufacturing with acceptable yields, X3, X4, 3D Read/Write, or other
 advanced, alternative technologies or difficulty in bringing advanced
 technologies such as 32-nanometer NAND flash memory into volume production
 at cost competitive levels;

 ·  

 increased
 purchases of non-captive flash memory, including due to our plan to
 restructure and slow the growth of captive capacity, which typically costs
 more than captive flash memory and may be of less consistent
 quality;

 ·  

 unpredictable
 or changing demand for our products, particularly demand for certain types
 or capacities of our products or for our products in certain markets or
 geographies;

 -
12 -

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 difficulty
 in forecasting and managing inventory levels due to noncancelable
 contractual obligations to purchase materials, such as custom non-memory
 materials, and the need to build finished product in advance of customer
 purchase orders;

 ·  

 timing,
 volume and cost of wafer production from Flash Ventures as impacted by fab
 start-up delays and costs, technology transitions, yields or production
 interruptions;

 ·  

 disruption
 in the manufacturing operations of suppliers, including suppliers of
 sole-sourced components;

 ·  

 potential
 delays in the emergence of new markets and products for NAND-based flash
 memory and acceptance of our products in these
 markets;

 ·  

 timing
 of sell-through and the financial liquidity of our distributors and retail
 customers;

 ·  

 errors
 or defects in our products caused by, among other things, errors or
 defects in the memory or controller components, including memory and
 non-memory components we procure from third-party
 suppliers;

 ·  

 write-downs
 or impairments of our investments in fabrication capacity, equity
 investments and other assets;

 ·  

 impairment
 of intangible assets related to our
 acquisitions;

 ·  

 insufficient
 assembly and test capacity from our Shanghai facility or our contract
 manufacturers; and

 ·  

 other
 factors described under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
 report.

Competitive
pricing pressures

and
excess supply have resulted in lower average selling prices and negative product
gross 
margin

which
may continue
 and
if we do not experience adequate price elasticity, our revenues may continue to
decline
.  The
NAND flash memory industry is currently in the midst of a severe downturn,
characterized by supply exceeding demand, which has led to significant declines
in average selling prices.  For example, our average selling price per
gigabyte for product revenues declined 70% in the fourth quarter of fiscal year
2008 as compared to the same period of fiscal year 2007, and declined 62% in
fiscal year 2008 compared to fiscal year 2007.  The price decline was
especially aggressive in the second half of fiscal year 2008, with sequential
price declines of 30% in the third quarter and 28% in the fourth
quarter.  Price declines have exceeded cost declines in each of the
last three fiscal years, resulting in negative product gross margin in fiscal
year 2008.  Price declines may be influenced by, among other factors,
supply exceeding demand, macroeconomic factors, technology transitions,
conversion of industry DRAM capacity to NAND and new technologies or other
strategic actions by us or our competitors to gain market share.  If
our technology transitions take longer or are more costly than anticipated to
complete, or our cost reductions continue to fail to keep pace with the rate of
price declines, our product gross margin and operating results will continue to
be negatively impacted, leading to quarterly or annual net
losses.

Over
our history, price decreases have generally been more than offset by increased
unit demand and demand for products with increased storage
capacity.  However, in fiscal year 2008, price declines outpaced unit
and megabyte growth resulting in reduced revenue as compared to fiscal year
2007.  There can be no assurance that current and future price
reductions will result in sufficient demand for increased product capacity or
unit sales, which could continue to harm our margins and revenue.

We
have incurred negative product gross 
margins
 and
net losses, which may continue to reduce our cash flows and harm our financial
condition.  In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008, we had
negative product gross margins due to sustained aggressive industry price
declines as well as higher inventory charges primarily due to lower of cost or
market write downs.  We expect product gross margins to continue to be
negative through the first quarter of fiscal year 2009.  Our ability
to return to or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the
future depends in part on industry and our supply/demand balance, our ability to
develop new products and technologies, the rate of growth of our target markets,
the competitive position of our products, the continued acceptance of our
products by our customers, and our ability to manage expenses.  If we
fail to return to profitability, continued operating losses will reduce our cash
flows and cash resources, and negatively harm our business and financial
condition.  If we are unable to generate sufficient cash, we may have
to reduce, curtail or terminate certain business
activities.

 -
13 -

 Table of Contents

Sales
to a small number of customers represent a significant portion of our revenues,
and if we were to lose one of our major licensees or customers or experience any
material reduction in orders from any of our customers, our revenues and
operating results would suffer
. 
 In
fiscal years 2008, 2007 and 2006, revenues from our top 10 customers and
licensees accounted for approximately 48%, 46% and 52% of our total revenues,
respectively.  In fiscal year 2008, Samsung accounted for 13% of our
total revenues through a combination of license and royalty and product
revenues.  All customers were less than 10% of our total revenues in
fiscal years 2007 and 2006.  The composition of our major customer
base has changed over time, and we expect this pattern to continue as our
markets and strategies evolve.  Sales to our customers are generally
made pursuant to purchase orders rather than long-term contracts.  The
composition of our major customer base has changed over time, and we expect this
pattern to continue as our markets and strategies evolve.  If we were
to lose one of our major customers or licensees, or experience any material
reduction in orders from any of our customers or in sales of licensed products
by our licensees, our revenues and operating results would
suffer.  Additionally, our license and royalty revenues may decline
significantly in the future as our existing license agreements and key patents
expire or if licensees fail to perform on a portion or all of their contractual
obligations.  Our sales are generally made from standard purchase
orders rather than long-term contracts.  Accordingly, our customers
may generally terminate or reduce their purchases from us at any time without
notice or penalty.  In addition, the composition of our major customer
base changes from year-to-year as we enter new markets, making our revenues from
these major customers less predictable from
year-to-year.

Our
business depends significantly upon sales through retailers and distributors,
and if our retailers and distributors are not successful, we could experience
reduced sales, substantial product returns or increased price protection, any of
which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations.  
A
significant portion of our sales are made through retailers, either directly or
through distributors.  Sales through these channels typically include
rights to return unsold inventory and protection against price declines, as well
as participation in various cooperative marketing programs.  As a
result, we do not recognize revenue until after the product has been sold
through to the end user, in the case of sales to retailers, or to our
distributors’ customers, in the case of sales to distributors.  Price
protection against declines in our selling prices has the effect of reducing our
deferred revenues and eventually, our revenues.  If our retailers and
distributors are not successful, due to weak consumer retail demand caused by
the current worldwide economic downturn, decline in consumer confidence, or
other factors, we could continue to experience reduced sales as well as
substantial product returns or price 
protection
claims, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations.  Except in limited circumstances, we do not have exclusive
relationships with our retailers or distributors, and therefore, must rely on
them to effectively sell our products over those of our
competitors.  Certain of our retail and distributor partners are
experiencing financial difficulty and prolonged negative economic conditions
could cause liquidity issues for our retail and distributor customers and
channels.  For example, two of our North American retail
customers, 
Circuit
 City
,
Inc. and Ritz Camera Centers, Inc.
,
recently filed for bankruptcy protection.  Negative changes in
customer credit worthiness; the ability of our customers to access credit; or
the bankruptcy or shutdown of any of our significant retail or distribution
partners would harm our revenue and our ability to collect outstanding
receivable balances.  In addition, we have certain retail customers to
which we provide inventory on a consigned basis, and a bankruptcy or shutdown of
these customers could preclude us from taking possession of our consigned
inventory, which could result in inventory or impairment
charges.

 -
14 -

 Table of Contents

We
may be unable to renew existing licenses, which could reduce our license and
royalty revenues.  If our existing licensees do not renew their
licenses upon expiration and we are not successful in signing new licensees in
the future, our license revenue, profitability, and cash provided by operating
activities would be harmed.  Our current license agreement with
Samsung expires in August 2009, and to the extent that we are unable to
renew this agreement under similar terms or at all, our financial results would
be adversely impacted by the reduced license and royalty revenue and the
significant patent litigation costs to enforce our patents against and renew our
license agreement with Samsung.  
In
addition, we may be subject to disputes, claims or other disagreements on the
timing, amount or collection of royalties from Samsung as the current agreement
nears
expiration.

We
may be unable
 to
complete 
the
transactions with Toshiba, announced on January 29, 2009, in a timely
manner, or at all.  On January 29, 2009, we entered into a
definitive agreement with Toshiba to restructure Flash Ventures by 
sell
ing

to 
Toshiba more
than 20% of Flash Ventures current production capacity through the acquisition
by Toshiba of certain owned and leased equipment.  The total value of
the restructuring transaction to us is approximately $890 million based upon the
exchange rate as of January 29, 2009.  Approximately one-third of this
value will be in cash paid to us and approximately two-thirds of this value
represents a transfer of lease obligations to Toshiba which should reduce our
outstanding lease obligations and associated lease guarantees by approximately
28%.  These transactions are expected to occur at several closings
between January 30, 2009 and March 31, 2009, subject to certain
closing conditions and contingencies.  However, if we fail to complete
the transactions with Toshiba on a timely basis, or at all, we may continue to
experience significant excess captive capacity and the associated fixed costs,
and we would not benefit from the expected cash and reduction in lease
obligations.  This would harm our business, financial condition and
results of
operations.

Our
financial performance depends significantly on worldwide economic conditions and
the related impact on levels of consumer spending, which has recently
deteriorated significantly in many countries and regions, including the

U.S.
,
and may remain depressed for the foreseeable future.  Demand
for our products is adversely affected by negative macroeconomic factors
affecting consumer spending.  The severe tightening of consumer
credit, low level of consumer liquidity, and extreme volatility in credit and
equity markets have weakened consumer confidence and decreased consumer
spending.  These and other economic factors have reduced demand for
our products and harmed our business, financial condition and results of
operations, and to the extent such economic conditions continue, they could
cause further harm to our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Our
revenues depend in part on the success of products sold by our OEM
customers.  A significant portion of our sales are to OEMs,
which either bundle or embed our flash memory products with their products, such
as mobile phones, GPS devices and computers.  Our sales to these
customers are dependent upon the OEMs choosing our products over those of our
competitors and on the OEMs’ ability to create, introduce, market and sell their
products successfully in their markets.  Should our OEM customers be
unsuccessful in selling their current or future products that include our
products, or should they decide to discontinue using our products, our results
of operations and financial condition could be
harmed.

The

future

growth
of our business depends on the development and performance of new markets and
products for NAND
-based
 flash
 memory
.  Our
future growth is dependent on development of new markets, new applications and
new products for NAND-based flash memory.  Historically, the digital
camera market provided the majority of our revenues, but it is now a more mature
market, and the mobile handset market has emerged as the largest segment of our
revenues.  Other markets for flash memory include digital audio and
video players, USB drives and SSDs.  We cannot assure you that the use
of flash memory in mobile handsets or other existing markets and products will
develop and grow fast enough, or that new markets will adopt NAND flash
technologies in general or our products in particular, to enable us to
grow.  Our future growth is also dependent on continued geographic
expansion and we may face difficulties entering or maintaining sales in
international markets.  Some international markets are subject to a
higher degree of commodity pricing or tariffs and import taxes than in the U.S.,
subjecting us to increased risk of pricing and margin
pressure.

 -
15 -

 Table of Contents

Our
strategy of investing in captive manufacturing sources could harm us if our
competitors are able to produce products at lower costs or if industry supply

continues
to 
exceed
demand.  We secure captive sources of NAND through our
significant investments in manufacturing capacity.  We believe that by
investing in captive sources of NAND, we are able to develop and obtain supply
at the lowest cost and access supply during periods of high
demand.  Our significant investments in manufacturing capacity require
us to obtain and guarantee capital equipment leases and use available cash,
which could be used for other corporate purposes.  To the extent we
secure manufacturing capacity and supply that is in excess of demand, or our
cost is not competitive with other NAND suppliers, we may not achieve an
adequate return on our significant investments and our revenues, gross margins
and related market share may be negatively impacted.  We may also
incur increased inventory or impairment charges related to our captive
manufacturing investments and may not be able to exit those investments without
significant cost to us.  For example, in fiscal year 2008, we took
impairment charges related to 
FlashVision,
Flash Partners and Flash Alliance of approximately $93 million,
primarily due to NAND industry pricing conditions due to supply exceeding
demand.  In addition, in fiscal year 2008, we recorded inventory
reserves primarily for lower-of-cost-or-market for both inventory on-hand and in
the channel of $394 million. We also recorded a charge of $121 million
in fiscal year 2008 for adverse purchase commitments associated with under
utilization of Flash Partners and Flash Alliance capacity for the 90-day period
in which we have non-cancelable
orders.

Our
business and the markets we address are subject to significant fluctuations in
supply and demand and our commitments to Flash Ventures may result in periods of
significant excess inventory.  The start of production at Fab 4
at the end of fiscal year 2007 and the continuing ramp of production has
increased our captive supply and resulted in excess inventory in fiscal year
2008.  Our obligation to purchase 50% of the supply from Flash
Ventures could continue to harm our business and results of operations if our
committed supply exceeds demand for our products.  The adverse effects
could include, among other things, significant decreases in our product prices,
and significant excess, obsolete or lower of cost or market inventory
write-downs, such as those we experienced in fiscal year 2008, which would harm
our gross margins and could result in the impairment of our investments in Flash
Ventures.

We
continually seek to develop new applications, products, technologies and
standards, which may not be widely adopted by consumers or, if adopted, may
reduce demand for our older products; and our competitors seek to develop new
standards which could reduce demand for our products.  We
continually devote significant resources to the development of new applications,
products and standards and the enhancement of existing products and standards
with higher memory capacities and other enhanced features.  Any new
applications, products, technologies, standards or enhancements we develop may
not be commercially successful.  The success of new product
introductions is dependent on a number of factors, including market acceptance,
our ability to manage risks associated with new products and production ramp
issues.  New applications, such as the adoption of flash-based SSDs
that are designed to replace hard disk drives in devices such as computers and
servers, can take several years to develop.  We cannot guarantee that
manufacturers will adopt SSDs or that this market will grow as we
anticipate.  For the solid-state drive market to become sizeable, the
cost of flash memory must decline significantly so that the cost to consumers is
competitive with the cost of hard disk drives.  We believe this will
require us to implement multi-level cell, or MLC, technology into our SSDs,
which will require us to develop new controllers.  There can be no
assurance that our MLC-based SSDs will be able to meet the specifications
required to gain customer qualification and acceptance or will be delivered to
the market on a timely basis as compared with our competitors.  Other
new products, such as slotMusic
™,
our pre-recorded flash memory cards, may not gain market acceptance, and we may
not be successful in penetrating the new markets that we target.  For
example, our Sansa
®Connect
™
product, a Wi-Fi
®
enabled MP3 player, did not achieve market acceptance or our expected sales
volume.

 -
16 -

 Table of Contents

New
applications may require significant up-front investment with no assurance of
long-term commercial success or profitability.  As we introduce new
standards or technologies, it can take time for these new standards or
technologies to be adopted, for consumers to accept and transition to these new
standards or technologies and for significant sales to be generated, if at
all.

Competitors
or other market participants could seek to develop new standards for flash
memory products that, if accepted by device manufacturers or consumers, could
reduce demand for our products.  For example, certain handset
manufacturers and flash memory chip producers are currently advocating the
development of a new standard, referred to as Universal Flash Storage, or UFS,
for flash memory cards used in mobile phones.  Intel and Micron have
also developed a new specification for a NAND flash interface, called Open NAND
Flash Interface, or ONFI, which would be used primarily in computing
devices.  Broad acceptance of new standards, technologies or products
may reduce demand for some of our products.  If this decreased demand
is not offset by increased demand for new form factors or products that we
offer, our results of operations would be harmed.

Alternative
storage solutions such as high bandwidth wireless or internet-based storage
could reduce the need for physical flash storage within electronic
devices.  These alternative technologies could negatively impact the
overall market for flash-based products, which could seriously harm our results
of operations.

Consumer
devices that use NAND-based flash memory do so in either a removable card or an
embedded format.  We offer NAND-based flash memory products in both
categories; however, our market share is strongest for removable flash memory
products.  If designers and manufacturers of consumer devices,
including mobile phones, increase their usage of embedded flash memory, we may
not be able to sustain our market share.  In addition, if NAND-based
flash memory is used in an embedded format, we would have less opportunity to
influence the capacity of the NAND-based flash products and we would not have
the opportunity for additional after-market retail sales related to these
consumer devices or mobile phones.  Any loss of market share or
reduction in the average capacity of our product sales or any loss in our retail
after-market opportunity could harm our operating results and business
condition.

We
are developing X4, a new generation of MLC technology which is expected to
contribute to planned future memory cost reductions.  The performance,
reliability, yields and time-to-market of X4 technology is uncertain, and there
can be no assurance of the commercial success of this technology.

In
addition, we are investing in future alternative technologies, particularly our
3D semiconductor memory.  We are investing significant resources to
develop this technology for multiple read-write applications; however, there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in developing this or other
technologies or that we will be able to achieve the yields, quality or
capacities to be cost competitive with existing or other alternative
technologies.

 -
17 -

 Table of Contents

We
face competition from numerous manufacturers and marketers of products using
flash memory, as well as from manufacturers of new and alternative technologies,
and if we cannot compete effectively, our results of operations and financial
condition will suffer.  Our competitors include many large
companies that may have greater advanced wafer manufacturing capacity and
substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than
we do, which allows them to produce flash memory chips in high volumes at low
costs and to sell these flash memory chips themselves or to our flash card
competitors at a low cost.  Some of our competitors may sell their
flash memory chips at or below their true manufacturing costs to gain market
share and to cover their fixed costs.  Such practices occurred in the
DRAM industry during periods of excess supply and resulted in substantial losses
in the DRAM industry.  Our primary semiconductor competitors include
Hynix, IMFT, Micron, Samsung and Toshiba.  We, along with Hynix, IMFT,
Samsung and Toshiba, are increasing NAND output and are expected to continue to
produce significant NAND output in the future.  In addition, current
and future competitors produce or could produce alternative flash or other
memory technologies that compete against our NAND-based flash memory technology
or our alternative technologies, which may reduce demand or accelerate price
declines for NAND.  Furthermore, the future rate of scaling of the
NAND-based flash technology design that we employ may slow down significantly,
which would slow down cost reductions that are fundamental to the adoption of
flash memory technology in new applications.  If the scaling of
NAND-based flash technology slows down or alternative technologies prove to be
more economical, our business would be harmed, and our investments in captive
fabrication facilities could be
impaired.

We
also compete with flash memory card manufacturers and
resellers.  These companies purchase or have a captive supply of flash
memory components and assemble memory cards.  Our primary competitors
currently include, among others, A-DATA, Buffalo, CnMemory, Dane-Elec, Elecom,
FUJI, Gemalto, Hagiwara, Hama, Imation, I-O Data, KingMax, Kingston, Kodak,
Lexar, Memorex, Micron, Netac, Panasonic, PNY, RITEK, Samsung, Sony,
STMicroelectronics, Toshiba, Tradebrands, Transcend, and Verbatim.

Some
of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do, have well
recognized brand names or have the ability to operate their business on lower
margins than we do.  The success of our competitors may adversely
affect our future revenues or margins and may result in the loss of our key
customers.  For example, Toshiba and other manufacturers have
increased their market share of flash memory cards for mobile phones, including
the microSD™
card, which have been a significant driver of our growth.  In the
digital audio market, we face competition from well established companies such
as Apple, ARCHOS, Coby, Creative, Microsoft, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung
and Sony.  In the USB flash drive market, we face competition from a
large number of competitors, including Hynix, Imation, Kingston, Lexar, Memorex,
PNY, Sony and Verbatim.  In the market for SSDs, we face competition
from large NAND flash producers such as Intel, Samsung and Toshiba, as well as
from hard drive manufacturers, such as Seagate, Samsung, Western Digital and
others, who have established relationships with computer
manufacturers.  We also face competition from third-party solid-state
drive solutions providers such as Kingston, STEC Inc., and
Transcend.

Furthermore, many
companies are pursuing new or alternative technologies or alternative forms of
NAND, such as phase-change and charge-trap flash technologies which may compete
with NAND-based flash memory.  New or
alternative technologies, if successfully developed by our competitors, and if
we are unable to scale our technology on an equivalent basis, could provide an
advantage to these competitors.

 -
18 -

 Table of Contents

These
new or alternative technologies may enable products that are smaller, have a
higher capacity, lower cost, lower power consumption or have other
advantages.  If we cannot compete effectively, our results of
operations and financial condition will suffer.

We
believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors,
including:

 ·  

 price,
 quality and on-time delivery to our
customers;

 ·  

 product
 performance, availability and
differentiation;

 ·  

 success
 in developing new applications and new market
 segments;

 ·  

 sufficient
 availability of supply, the absence of which could lead to loss of market
 share;

 ·  

 efficiency
 of production;

 ·  

 timing
 of new product announcements or introductions by us, our customers and our
 competitors;

 ·  

 the
 ability of our competitors to incorporate standards or develop formats
 which we do not offer;

 ·  

 the
 number and nature of our competitors in a given
 market;

 ·  

 successful
 protection of intellectual property rights;
and

 ·  

 general
 market and economic conditions.

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the
future.

Under
certain conditions, a portion or the entire outstanding lease obligations
related to Flash Ventures’ master equipment lease agreements

c
ould
be accelerated, which 
w
ould
harm our business, results 
of
 operations,
cash flows, and liquidity.  Flash Ventures’ master lease
agreements contain customary covenants for Japanese lease
facilities.  In addition to containing customary events of default
related to Flash Ventures that could result in an acceleration of Flash
Ventures’ obligations, the master lease agreements contain an acceleration
clause for certain events of default related to us as guarantor, including,
among other things, our failure to maintain a minimum stockholder equity of at
least $1.51 billion, and our failure to maintain a minimum corporate rating
of either BB- from Standard & Poors, or S&P, or Moody’s Corporation, or
a minimum corporate rating of BB+ from Rating & Investment Information,
Inc., or R&I.  As of December 28, 2008, Flash Ventures was in
compliance with all of its master lease covenants.  While our S&P
credit rating was B, two levels below the required minimum corporate rating
threshold from S&P, our R&I credit rating was BBB-, one level above the
required minimum corporate rating threshold from
R&I.

On
February 4, 2009, R&I confirmed our credit rating at BBB- with a change in
outlook from stable to negative.  If R&I were to downgrade our
credit rating below the minimum corporate rating threshold, Flash Ventures would
become non-compliant with certain covenants under its master equipment lease
agreements and would be required to negotiate a resolution to the non-compliance
to avoid acceleration of the obligations under such agreements.  Such
resolution could include, among other things, supplementary security to be
supplied by us, as guarantor, or increased interest rates or waiver fees, should
the lessors decide they need additional collateral or financial consideration
under the circumstances.  If a resolution is unsuccessful, we may be
required to pay a portion or the entire outstanding lease obligations up to
$2.09 billion, based upon the exchange rate at December 28, 2008,
covered by our guarantee under such Flash Ventures master lease agreements,
which would substantially deplete our cash position and may force us to seek
additional financing, which may or may not be available.

 -
19 -

 Table of Contents

The
semiconductor industry is subject to significant downturns that have harmed our
business, financial condition and results of operations in the past and may do
so in the future.  The semiconductor industry is highly
cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change, rapid
product obsolescence, price declines, evolving standards, short product life
cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand.  The
industry has experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in
anticipation of, maturing product cycles of both semiconductor companies’ and
their customers’ products and declines in general economic
conditions.  The flash memory industry is currently experiencing
significant excess supply, reduced demand, high inventory levels, and
accelerated declines in selling prices.  If the oversupply of
NAND-based flash products continues, we may be forced to hold excessive
inventory, sell our inventory below cost, and record inventory write-downs, all
of which would place additional pressure on our results of operation and our
cash position.  We are currently experiencing these conditions in our
business and may experience such downturns in the
future.

We
depend on 
Flash
Ventures
 and
third parties for silicon supply and any disruption or shortage in our supply
from these sources will reduce our revenues, earnings and gross
margins.  All of our flash memory products require silicon
supply for the memory and controller components.  The substantial
majority of our flash memory is currently supplied by Flash Ventures and to a
much lesser extent by third-party silicon suppliers.  Any disruption
or shortage in supply of flash memory from our captive or non-captive sources
would harm our operating results.  The risks of supply disruption are
magnified at Toshiba’s Yokkaichi, Japan operations, where Flash Ventures are
operated and Toshiba’s foundry capacity is located.  Earthquakes and
power outages have resulted in production line stoppages and loss of wafers in
Yokkaichi and similar stoppages and losses may occur in the
future.  For example, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006, a
brief power outage occurred at Fab 3, which resulted in a loss of wafers and
significant costs associated with bringing the fab back on line.  In
addition, the Yokkaichi location is often subject to earthquakes, which could
result in production stoppage, a loss of wafers and the incurrence of
significant costs.  Moreover, Toshiba’s employees that produce Flash
Ventures’ products are covered by collective bargaining agreements and any
strike or other job action by those employees could interrupt our wafer supply
from Flash Ventures.  If we have disruption in our captive wafer
supply or if our non-captive sources fail to supply wafers in the amounts and at
the times we expect, we may not have sufficient supply to meet demand and our
operating results could be
harmed.

Currently,
our controller wafers are manufactured by SMIC, TSMC, Tower and
UMC.  Any disruption in the manufacturing operations of our controller
wafer vendors would result in delivery delays, adversely affect our ability to
make timely shipments of our products and harm our operating results until we
could qualify an alternate source of supply for our controller wafers, which
could take several quarters to complete.  In times of significant
growth in global demand for flash memory, demand from our customers may outstrip
the supply of flash memory and controllers available to us from our current
sources.  If our silicon vendors are unable to satisfy our
requirements on competitive terms or at all, we may lose potential sales and our
business, financial condition and operating results may suffer.  Any
disruption or delay in supply from our silicon sources could significantly harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If
actual manufacturing yields are lower than our expectations, this may result in
increased costs and product shortages.  The fabrication of our
products requires wafers to be produced in a highly controlled and ultra clean
environment.  Semiconductor manufacturing yields and product
reliability are a function of both design technology and manufacturing process
technology and production delays may be caused by equipment malfunctions,
fabrication facility accidents or human errors.  Yield problems may
not be identified or improved until an actual product is made and can be
tested.  As a result, yield problems may not be identified until the
wafers are well into the production process.  We have from
time-to-time experienced yields that have adversely affected our business and
results of operations.  We have experienced adverse yields on more
than one occasion when we have transitioned to new generations of
products.  If actual yields are low, we will experience higher costs
and reduced product supply, which could harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations.  For example, if the production ramp and/or
yield of 43-nanometer X3 technology wafers, or 43-nanometer or 32-nanometer X2
technology wafers do not increase as expected in fiscal year 2009, our cost
competitiveness would be harmed, we may not have adequate supply or the right
product mix to meet demand, and our business, financial condition and results of
operations will be
harmed.

 -
20 -

 Table of Contents

We

depend
on our
 captive
assembly and test manufacturing facility in 
China
 and
our business could be harmed if this facility does not perform as
planned
.  Our
reliance on our captive assembly and test manufacturing facility near Shanghai,
China has increased significantly during fiscal year 2008 and we now
utilize this factory to satisfy a majority of our assembly and test
requirements, and also to produce products with leading-edge technologies such
as multi-stack die packages.  Any delays or interruptions in the
production ramp or targeted yields or any quality issues at our captive facility
could harm our results of operations and financial
condition.

We
depend on our third-party subcontractors and our business could be harmed if our
subcontractors do not perform as planned.  We rely on
third-party subcontractors for a portion of our wafer testing, IC assembly,
packaged testing, product assembly, product testing and order
fulfillment.  From time-to-time, our subcontractors have experienced
difficulty meeting our requirements.  If we are unable to increase the
capacity of our current subcontractors or qualify and engage additional
subcontractors, we may not be able to meet demand for our
products.  We do not have long-term contracts with our existing
subcontractors nor do we expect to have long-term contracts with any new
subcontract suppliers.  We do not have exclusive relationships with
any of our subcontractors, and therefore, cannot guarantee that they will devote
sufficient resources to manufacturing our products.  We are not able
to directly control product delivery schedules.  Furthermore, we
manufacture on a turnkey basis with some of our subcontract
suppliers.  In these arrangements, we do not have visibility and
control of their inventories of purchased parts necessary to build our products
or of the progress of our products through their assembly line.  Any
significant problems that occur at our subcontractors, or their failure to
perform at the level we expect, could lead to product shortages or quality
assurance problems, either of which would have adverse effects on our operating
results.

In
transitioning to new processes, products and silicon sources, we face production
and market acceptance risks that may cause significant product delays, cost
overruns or performance issues that could harm our
business.  Successive generations of our products have
incorporated semiconductors with greater memory capacity per
chip.  The transition to new generations of products, such as products
containing 32-nanometer X2 technology or 43-nanometer X3 technology, is highly
complex and requires new controllers, new test procedures and modifications of
numerous aspects of manufacturing, as well as extensive qualification of the new
products by both us and our OEM customers.  There can be no assurance
that these transitions or other future technology transitions will occur on
schedule or at the yields or costs that we anticipate.  If Flash
Ventures encounters difficulties in transitioning to new technologies, our cost
per gigabyte may not remain competitive with the costs achieved by other flash
memory producers, which would harm our gross margins and financial
results.  Any material delay in a development or qualification
schedule could delay deliveries and adversely impact our operating
results.  We periodically have experienced significant delays in the
development and volume production ramp-up of our products.  Similar
delays could occur in the future and could harm our business, financial
condition and results of
operations.

Our
products may contain errors or defects, which could result in the rejection of
our products, product recalls, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted
development resources and increased service costs and warranty claims and
litigation.  Our products are complex, must meet stringent user
requirements, may contain errors or defects and the majority of our products are
warrantied for one to five years.  Errors or defects in our products
may be caused by, among other things, errors or defects in the memory or
controller components, including components we procure from non-captive
sources.  In addition, the substantial majority of our flash memory is
supplied by Flash Ventures, and if the wafers contain errors or defects, our
overall supply could be adversely affected.  These factors could
result in the rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, lost
revenues, diverted development resources, increased customer service and support
costs and warranty claims and litigation.  We record an allowance for
warranty and similar costs in connection with sales of our products, but actual
warranty and similar costs may be significantly higher than our recorded
estimate and result in an adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial
condition.

Our
new products have from time-to-time been introduced with design and production
errors at a rate higher than the error rate in our established
products.  We must estimate warranty and similar costs for new
products without historical information and actual costs may significantly
exceed our recorded estimates.  Warranty and similar costs may be even
more difficult to estimate as we increase our use of non-captive
supply.  Underestimation of our warranty and similar costs would have
an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

 -
21 -

 Table of Contents

Our
remaining investment of approximately $64 million in our FlashVision
venture may not be recoverable.  In the second quarter of
fiscal year 2008, we determined that the production of NAND flash memory
products utilizing 200-millimeter wafers is no longer cost effective and signed
an agreement with Toshiba to wind-down our FlashVision venture.  As of
the end of May 2008, the operations of FlashVision were discontinued and a plan
was put in place to sell or otherwise dispose of the tools owned or leased by
FlashVision.  In fiscal year 2008, we took an impairment on our
investment of approximately $10 million due to FlashVision’s difficulty in
selling its excess capital equipment due to deteriorating market
conditions.  As of December 28, 2008, we had an investment in
FlashVision of $64 million denominated in Japanese yen, offset by
$43 million of cumulative translation adjustments recorded in Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income, or OCI.  A depreciation of the Japanese
yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate or a decrease in the expected final cash
distribution from FlashVision could result in further impairments on this
investment, which could harm our financial
results.

From
time-to-time, we overestimate our requirements and build excess inventory, or
underestimate our requirements and have a shortage of supply, either of which
harm our financial results.  The majority of our products are
sold into consumer markets, which are difficult to accurately
forecast.  Also, a substantial majority of our quarterly sales are
from orders received and fulfilled in that quarter.  Additionally, we
depend upon timely reporting from our retail and distributor customers as to
their inventory levels and sales of our products in order to forecast demand for
our products.  We have in the past significantly over-forecasted or
under-forecasted actual demand for our products.  The failure to
accurately forecast demand for our products will result in lost sales or excess
inventory, both of which will have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.  In addition, at times inventory
may increase in anticipation of increased demand or as captive wafer capacity
ramps.  If demand does not materialize, we may be forced to write-down
excess inventory or write-down inventory to the lower of cost or market, as was
the case in fiscal year 2008, which may harm our financial condition and results
of
operations.

During
periods of excess supply in the market for our flash memory products, we may
lose market share to competitors who aggressively lower their
prices.  In order to remain competitive, we may be forced to sell
inventory below cost.  If we lose market share due to price
competition or we must write-down inventory, our results of operations and
financial condition could be harmed.  Conversely, under conditions of
tight flash memory supply, we may be unable to adequately increase our
production volumes or secure sufficient supply in order to maintain our market
share.  If we are unable to maintain market share, our results of
operations and financial condition could be harmed.

Our
ability to respond to changes in market conditions from our forecast is limited
by our purchasing arrangements with our silicon sources.  Some of
these arrangements provide that the first three months of our rolling six-month
projected supply requirements are fixed and we may make only limited percentage
changes in the second three months of the period covered by our supply
requirement projections.

We
have some non-silicon components which have long-lead times requiring us to
place orders several months in advance of our anticipated demand.  The
extended period of time to secure these long-lead time parts increases our risk
that forecasts will vary substantially from actual demand, which could lead to
excess inventory or loss of sales.

We
are sole-sourced 
from
time to time 
for

certain
 of
our components and the absence of a back-up supplier exposes our supply chain to
unanticipated disruptions.  We rely on our vendors, some of
which are the sole source of supply for certain of our
components.  We do not have long-term supply agreements with most of
these vendors.  Our business, financial condition and operating
results could be significantly harmed by delays or reductions in shipments if we
are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of these components or develop
alternative sources of
supply.

 -
22 -

 Table of Contents

Our
global operations and operations at Flash Ventures and third-party
subcontractors are subject to risks for which we may not be adequately
insured.  Our global operations are subject to many risks
including errors and omissions, infrastructure disruptions, such as large-scale
outages or interruptions of service from utilities or telecommunications
providers, supply chain interruptions, third-party liabilities and fires or
natural disasters.  No assurance can be given that we will not incur
losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, coverage of our insurance
policies.  From time-to-time, various types of insurance have not been
available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have been
unavailable.  We cannot assure you that in the future we will be able
to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase
substantially.  We maintain limited insurance coverage and in some
cases no coverage for natural disasters and sudden and accidental environmental
damages as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available
only at a prohibitive cost.  Accordingly, we may be subject to an
uninsured or under-insured loss in such situations.  We depend upon
Toshiba to obtain and maintain sufficient property, business interruption and
other insurance for Flash Ventures.  If Toshiba fails to do so, we
could suffer significant unreimbursable losses, and such failure could also
cause Flash Ventures to breach various financing covenants.  In
addition, we insure against property loss and business interruption resulting
from the risks incurred at our third-party subcontractors; however, we have
limited control as to how those sub-contractors run their operations and manage
their risks, and as a result, we may not be adequately
insured.

We
are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could negatively
impact our business, results of operations and financial
condition.  A significant portion of our business is conducted
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which exposes us to adverse changes in
foreign currency exchange rates.  These exposures may change over time
as our business and business practices evolve, and they could have a material
adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.  Our most
significant exposure is related to our purchases of NAND-based flash memory from
Flash Ventures, which is denominated in Japanese yen.  In fiscal year
2008, the Japanese yen significantly appreciated relative to the U.S. dollar and
this has increased our costs of NAND flash wafers, negatively impacting our
gross margins and results of operations.  In addition, our investments
in Flash Ventures are denominated in Japanese yen and adverse changes in the
exchange rate could increase the cost to us of future funding or increase our
exposure to asset impairments.  We also have foreign currency
exposures related to certain non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenue and operating
expenses in Europe and Asia.  Additionally, we have exposures to
emerging market currencies, which can be extremely volatile.  An
increase in the value of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost to our
customers of our products in those markets outside the U.S. where we sell in
dollars, and a weakened U.S. dollar could increase local operating expenses and
the cost of raw materials to the extent purchased in foreign
currencies.  We also have significant monetary assets and liabilities
that are denominated in non-functional
currencies.

 We enter
into foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the short-term impact of
foreign currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency assets and
liabilities.  In addition, we hedge certain anticipated foreign
currency cash flows with foreign exchange forward and option
contracts.  We generally have not hedged our future investments and
distributions denominated in Japanese yen related to Flash
Ventures.

Our
attempts to hedge against currency risks may not be successful, resulting in an
adverse impact on our results of operations.  In addition, if we do
not successfully manage our hedging program in accordance with current
accounting guidelines, we may be subject to adverse accounting treatment of our
hedging program, which could harm our results of operations and financial
condition.  There can be no assurance that this hedging program will
be economically beneficial to us.  Further, the availability of
foreign exchange credit lines from financial institutions is based upon
available credit.  Continued operating losses, third party downgrades
of our credit rating or continued instability in the worldwide financial markets
could impact our ability to effectively manage our foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuation risk, which could negatively impact our business, results of
operations and financial condition.  

 -
23 -

 Table of Contents

We
may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which would harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations.  We
rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws,
confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our
intellectual property rights.  In the past, we have been involved in
significant and expensive disputes regarding our intellectual property rights
and those of others, including claims that we may be infringing third-parties’
patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights.  We expect
that we may be involved in similar disputes in the
future.

We
cannot assure you that:

 ·  

 any
 of our existing patents will not be
invalidated;

 ·  

 patents
 will be issued for any of our pending
 applications;

 ·  

 any
 claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope
 or strength;

 ·  

 our
 patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are
 sold in order to protect our rights and potential commercial advantage;
 or

 ·  

 any
 of our products or technologies do not infringe on the patents of other
 companies.

In
addition, our competitors may be able to design their products around our
patents and other proprietary rights.  We also have patent
cross-license agreements with several of our leading
competitors.  Under these agreements, we have enabled competitors to
manufacture and sell products that incorporate technology covered by our
patents.  While we obtain license and royalty revenue or other
consideration for these licenses, if we continue to license our patents to our
competitors, competition may increase and may harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

There
are both flash memory producers and flash memory card manufacturers who we
believe may require a license from us.  Enforcement of our rights
often requires litigation.  If we bring a patent infringement action
and are not successful, our competitors would be able to use similar technology
to compete with us.  Moreover, the defendant in such an action may
successfully countersue us for infringement of their patents or assert a
counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable.  If we do
not prevail in the defense of patent infringement claims, we could be required
to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing
products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology,
discontinue the use of specific processes, or obtain licenses to the infringing
technology.

On
October 24, 2007, we initiated two patent infringement actions in the United
States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin and one action in
the United States International Trade Commission against 25 companies that
manufacture, sell and import USB flash drives, CompactFlash cards, multimedia
cards, MP3/media players and/or other removable flash storage
products.  There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
these actions, that the validity of the asserted patents will be preserved or
that we will not face counterclaims of the nature described above.

 -
24 -

 Table of Contents

We
are currently and may in the future be involved in litigation, including
litigation regarding our intellectual property rights or those of third parties,
which may be costly, may divert the efforts of our key personnel and could
result in adverse court rulings, which could materially harm our
business.  We are involved in a number of lawsuits, including
among others, several cases involving our patents and the patents of third
parties.  We are the plaintiff in some of these actions and the
defendant in other of these actions.  Some of the actions seek
injunctions against the sale of our products and/or substantial monetary
damages, which if granted or awarded, could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

We
and other companies have been sued in the United States District Court of the
Northern District of California in purported consumer class actions alleging a
conspiracy to fix, raise, maintain or stabilize the pricing of flash memory, and
concealment thereof, in violation of state and federal laws.  The
lawsuits purport to be on behalf of classes of purchasers of flash
memory.  The lawsuits seek restitution, injunction and damages,
including treble damages, in an unspecified amount.

In
addition, in September 2007, we and Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, chairman
and chief executive officer, received grand jury subpoenas issued from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California indicating
a Department of Justice investigation into possible antitrust violations in the
NAND flash memory industry.  We also received a notice from the
Canadian Competition Bureau that the Bureau has commenced an industry-wide
investigation with respect to alleged anti-competitive activity regarding the
conduct of companies engaged in the supply of NAND flash memory chips to Canada
and requesting that we preserve any records relevant to such
investigation.  We intend to cooperate in these
investigations.  We are unable to predict the outcome of these
lawsuits and investigations.  The cost of discovery and defense in
these actions as well as the final resolution of these alleged violations of
antitrust laws could result in significant liability and expense and may harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations.  For
additional information concerning these proceedings, see Part I, Item 3, “Legal
Proceedings.”

Litigation
is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to
differ materially from our expectations.  Factors that could cause
litigation results to differ include, but are not limited to, the discovery of
previously unknown facts, changes in the law or in the interpretation of laws,
and uncertainties associated with the judicial decision-making
process.  If we receive an adverse judgment in any litigation, we
could be required to pay substantial damages and/or cease the manufacture, use
and sale of products.  Litigation, including intellectual property
litigation, can be complex, can extend for a protracted period of time, can be
very expensive, and the expense can be unpredictable.  Litigation
initiated by us could also result in counter-claims against us, which could
increase the costs associated with the litigation and result in our payment of
damages or other judgments against us.  In addition, litigation may
divert the efforts and attention of some of our key personnel.

We
have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to claims and legal proceedings
regarding alleged infringement by us of the patents, trademarks and other
intellectual property rights of third parties.  From time-to-time we
have sued, and may in the future sue, third parties in order to protect our
intellectual property rights.  Parties that we have sued and that we
may sue for patent infringement may countersue us for infringing their
patents.  If we are held to infringe the intellectual property of
others, we may need to spend significant resources to develop non-infringing
technology or obtain licenses from third parties, but we may not be able to
develop such technology or acquire such licenses on terms acceptable to us or at
all.  We may also be required to pay significant damages and/or
discontinue the use of certain manufacturing or design processes.  In
addition, we or our suppliers could be enjoined from selling some or all of our
respective products in one or more geographic locations.  If we or our
suppliers are enjoined from selling any of our respective products or if we are
required to develop new technologies or pay significant monetary damages or are
required to make substantial royalty payments, our business would be
harmed.

 -
25 -

 Table of Contents

We
may be obligated to indemnify our current or former directors or employees, or
former directors or employees of companies that we have acquired, in connection
with litigation or regulatory or Department of Justice
investigations.  These liabilities could be substantial and may
include, among other things, the costs of defending lawsuits against these
individuals; the cost of defending any shareholder derivative suits; the cost of
governmental, law enforcement or regulatory investigations; civil or criminal
fines and penalties; legal and other expenses; and expenses associated with the
remedial measures, if any, which may be imposed.

We
continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise,
including business combinations, strategic partnerships, collaborations, capital
investments and the purchase, licensing or sale of assets.  Potential
continuing uncertainty surrounding these activities may result in legal
proceedings and claims against us, including class and derivative lawsuits on
behalf of our stockholders.  We may be required to expend significant
resources, including management time, to defend these actions and could be
subject to damages or settlement costs related to these actions.

Moreover,
from time-to-time we agree to indemnify certain of our suppliers and customers
for alleged patent infringement.  The scope of such indemnity varies
but generally includes indemnification for direct and consequential damages and
expenses, including attorneys’ fees.  We may from time-to-time be
engaged in litigation as a result of these indemnification
obligations.  Third-party claims for patent infringement are excluded
from coverage under our insurance policies.  A future obligation to
indemnify our customers or suppliers may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.  For
additional information concerning legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3, “Legal
Proceedings.”

We
may be unable to license intellectual property to or from third parties as
needed, which could expose us to liability for damages, increase our costs or
limit or prohibit us from selling products.  If we incorporate
third-party technology into our products or if we are found to infringe others’
intellectual property, we could be required to license intellectual property
from a third party.  We may also need to license some of our
intellectual property to others in order to enable us to obtain important
cross-licenses to third-party patents.  We cannot be certain that
licenses will be offered when we need them, that the terms offered will be
acceptable, or that these licenses will help our business.  If we do
obtain licenses from third parties, we may be required to pay license fees or
royalty payments.  In addition, if we are unable to obtain a license
that is necessary to manufacture our products, we could be required to suspend
the manufacture of products or stop our product suppliers from using processes
that may infringe the rights of third parties.  We may not be
successful in redesigning our products, or the necessary licenses may not be
available under reasonable
terms.

Seasonality
in our business may result in our inability to accurately forecast our product
purchase requirements.  Sales of our products in the consumer
electronics market are subject to seasonality.  For example, sales
have typically increased significantly in the fourth quarter of each fiscal
year, sometimes followed by significant declines in the first quarter of the
following fiscal year.  This seasonality makes it more difficult for
us to forecast our business, especially in the current global economic
environment and its corresponding decline in consumer confidence, which may
impact typical seasonal trends.  If our forecasts are inaccurate, we
may lose market share or procure excess inventory or inappropriately increase or
decrease our operating expenses, any of which could harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations.  This seasonality also may lead
to higher volatility in our stock price, the need for significant working
capital investments in receivables and inventory and our need to build inventory
levels in advance of our most active selling
seasons.

 -
26 -

 Table of Contents

Because
of our international business and operations, we must comply with numerous
international laws and regulations, and we are vulnerable to political
instability and other risks related to international
operations.  Currently, a large portion of our revenues is
derived from our international operations, and all of our products are produced
overseas in China, Israel, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan.  We are,
therefore, affected by the political, economic, labor, environmental, public
health and military conditions in these
countries.

For
example, China does not currently have a comprehensive and highly developed
legal system, particularly with respect to the protection of intellectual
property rights.  This results, among other things, in the prevalence
of counterfeit goods in China.  The enforcement of existing and future
laws and contracts remains uncertain, and the implementation and interpretation
of such laws may be inconsistent.  Such inconsistency could lead to
piracy and degradation of our intellectual property
protection.  Although we engage in efforts to prevent counterfeit
products from entering the market, those efforts may not be
successful.  Our results of operations and financial condition could
be harmed by the sale of counterfeit products.

Our
international business activities could also be limited or disrupted by any of
the following factors:

 ·  

 the
 need to comply with foreign government
 regulation;

 ·  

 changes
 in diplomatic and trade
relationships;

 ·  

 reduced
 sales to our customers or interruption to our manufacturing processes in
 the Pacific Rim that may arise from regional issues in
 Asia;

 ·  

 imposition
 of regulatory requirements, tariffs, import and export restrictions and
 other barriers and restrictions;

 ·  

 changes
 in, or the particular application of, government
 regulations;

 ·  

 duties
 and/or fees related to customs entries for our products, which are all
 manufactured offshore;

 ·  

 longer
 payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts receivable
 collection;

 ·  

 adverse
 tax rules and regulations;

 ·  

 weak
 protection of our intellectual property
rights;

 ·  

 delays
 in product shipments due to local customs restrictions;
 and

 ·  

 delays
 in research and development that may arise from political unrest at our
 development centers in Israel.

 -
27 -

 Table of Contents

Our
stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, which could result in
investors losing all or part of their investments.  The market
price of our stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to
fluctuate in the future.  We believe that such fluctuations will
continue as a result of many factors, including financing plans, future
announcements concerning us, our competitors or our principal customers
regarding financial results or expectations, technological innovations, industry
supply or demand dynamics, new product introductions, governmental regulations,
the commencement or results of litigation or changes in earnings estimates by
analysts.  In addition, in recent years the stock market has
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and the market prices of
the securities of high technology and semiconductor companies have been
especially volatile, often for reasons outside the control of the particular
companies.  These fluctuations as well as general economic, political
and market conditions may have an adverse affect on the market price of our
common stock as well as the price of our outstanding convertible
notes.

We
may engage in business combinations that are dilutive to existing stockholders,
result in unanticipated accounting charges or otherwise adversely affect our
results of operations, and result in difficulties in assimilating and
integrating the operations, personnel, technologies, products and information
systems of acquired companies or businesses.  We continually
evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise, including business
combinations, strategic partnerships, collaborations, capital investments and
the purchase, licensing or sale of assets.  If we issue equity
securities in connection with an acquisition, the issuance may be dilutive to
our existing stockholders.  Alternatively, acquisitions made entirely
or partially for cash would reduce our cash
reserves.

Acquisitions
may require significant capital infusions, typically entail many risks and could
result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations,
personnel, technologies, products and information systems of acquired
companies.  We may experience delays in the timing and successful
integration of acquired technologies and product development through volume
production, unanticipated costs and expenditures, changing relationships with
customers, suppliers and strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual
property or employment issues.  In addition, key personnel of an
acquired company may decide not to work for us.  The acquisition of
another company or its products and technologies may also result in our entering
into a geographic or business market in which we have little or no prior
experience.  These challenges could disrupt our ongoing business,
distract our management and employees, harm our reputation, subject us to an
increased risk of intellectual property and other litigation and increase our
expenses.  These challenges are magnified as the size of the
acquisition increases, and we cannot assure you that we will realize the
intended benefits of any acquisition.  Acquisitions may require large
one-time charges and can result in increased debt or contingent liabilities,
adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation
charges, the amortization of identifiable purchased intangible assets or
impairment of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations.

Mergers
and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject
to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our
previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially
adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial
condition.  Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions
could materially harm our business and operating results.  Even when
an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no
assurance that such products will be successful after the closing, will not
cannibalize sales of our existing products, that product enhancements will be
made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will have
identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such
company.  Failed business combinations, or the efforts to create a
business combination, can also result in litigation.

 -
28 -

 Table of Contents

Our
success depends on our key personnel, including our executive officers, the loss
of whom could disrupt our business.  Our success greatly
depends on the continued contributions of our senior management and other key
research and development, sales, marketing and operations personnel, including
Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, chairman and chief executive officer.  We
do not have employment agreements with any of our executive officers and they
are free to terminate their employment with us at any time.  Our
success will also depend on our ability to recruit additional highly skilled
personnel.  Historically, a significant portion of our employee
compensation has been dependent on equity compensation, which is directly tied
to our stock price.  Currently, the equity incentives for virtually
all of our employees are underwater, and as a result, our equity compensation
has little or no retention value.  In addition, we are not paying
annual cash performance bonuses in fiscal year 2009 and may not pay cash bonuses
in fiscal year 2010.  Furthermore, we have frozen salaries, instituted
forced shutdown days, and reduced certain employee benefits to reduce
costs.  These actions or any further reduction in compensation
elements may make it more difficult for us to hire or retain key
personnel.

We
may incur additional restructuring charges or not realize the expected benefits
of new initiatives to reduce costs across our operations.  In
fiscal year 2008, we pursued a number of initiatives to reduce costs across our
operations.  These initiatives included workforce reductions in
certain areas as we realigned our business.  In fiscal year 2008, we
recorded charges of $36 million for employee severance and benefits for
employee reductions worldwide, marketing contract termination costs, technology
license impairments, fixed asset impairments, and other charges.  We
may record additional employee severance and related costs for terminated
employees in fiscal year 2009.  We may not realize the expected
benefits of these initiatives.  In addition, we continue to focus on
reducing our costs.  As a result of these initiatives, we expect to
incur restructuring or other charges and we may experience disruptions in our
operations and loss of key
personnel.

Terrorist
attacks, war, threats of war and government responses thereto may negatively
impact our operations, revenues, costs and stock
price.  Terrorist attacks, U.S. military responses to these
attacks, war, threats of war and any corresponding decline in consumer
confidence could have a negative impact on consumer retail demand, which is the
largest channel for our products.  Any of these events may disrupt our
operations or those of our customers and suppliers and may affect the
availability of materials needed to manufacture our products or the means to
transport those materials to manufacturing facilities and finished products to
customers.  Any of these events could also increase volatility in the
U.S. and world financial markets, which could harm our stock price and may limit
the capital resources available to us and our customers or suppliers, or
adversely affect consumer confidence.  We have substantial operations
in Israel including a development center in Northern Israel, near the border
with Lebanon, and a research center in Omer, Israel, which is near the Gaza
Strip, areas that have recently experienced significant violence and political
unrest.  Continued turmoil and unrest in Israel or the Middle East
could cause delays in the development or production of our
products.  This could harm our business and results of
operations.

Natural
disasters or epidemics in the countries in which we or our suppliers or
subcontractors operate could negatively impact our
operations.  Our operations, including those of our suppliers
and subcontractors, are concentrated in Milpitas, California; Raleigh, North
Carolina; Brno, Czech Republic; Astugi and Yokkaichi, Japan; Hsinchu and
Taichung, Taiwan; and Dongguan, Futian, Shanghai and Shenzen,
China.  In the past, these areas have been affected by natural
disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and typhoons, and some areas
have been affected by epidemics, such as avian flu.  If a natural
disaster or epidemic were to occur in one or more of these areas, our operations
could be significantly impaired and our business may be harmed.  This
is magnified by the fact that we do not have insurance for most natural
disasters, including earthquakes.  This could harm our business and
results of
operations.

 -
29 -

 Table of Contents

To
manage our business complexity, we may need to improve our systems, controls,
processes and procedures.  We have experienced and may 
again
 experience
rapid growth or changes in business requirements, which could place a
significant strain on our managerial, financial and operations resources and
personnel.  We must continually enhance our operational,
accounting and financial systems to accommodate the growth, changing practices,
and increasing complexity of our business.  For example, we are
planning to replace our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system in fiscal
year 2009.  This project requires significant investment, the
re-engineering of many processes used to run our business, and the attention of
many employees and managers who would otherwise be focused on other aspects of
our business.  The design and implementation of the new ERP system
could also take longer than anticipated and put further strain on our ability to
run our business on the older, existing ERP system.  For example, our
current system integrator, Satyam Computer Services Ltd., is experiencing
financial difficulty which has resulted in some project delays and loss of
productivity.  If the system integrator were to lose key personnel,
declare bankruptcy or otherwise be unable to perform at the level we expect, we
would have to engage a new integrator, which would likely result in significant
delays in our implementation and additional cost.  Any design flaws or
delays in the new ERP system or any distraction of our workforce from competing
business requirements could harm our business or results of
operations.  We must also continue to enhance our controls and
procedures and workforce training.  If we do not manage or adapt our
systems, processes and procedures to our changing or growing business and
organization, our business and results of operations could be
harmed.

We
may need to raise additional financing, which could be difficult to obtain, and
which if not obtained in satisfactory amounts may

prevent
us from funding
 Flash
Ventures
,
developing or enhancing our products, taking advantage of future opportunities,
growing our business or responding to competitive pressures or unanticipated
industry changes, any of which could harm our business.  We
currently believe that we have sufficient cash resources to fund our operations
as well as our anticipated investments in Flash Ventures for at least the next
twelve months; however, we may decide to raise additional funds to maintain the
strength of our balance sheet, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to
obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all.  The
current worldwide financing environment is extremely challenging, which could
make it more difficult for us to raise funds on reasonable terms or at
all.  From time-to-time, we may decide to raise additional funds
through equity, public or private debt, or lease financings.  If we
issue additional equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution
and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of existing holders of common stock.  If we raise funds
through debt or lease financing, we will have to pay interest and may be subject
to restrictive covenants, which could harm our business.  If we cannot
raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our credit rating may be
downgraded, and we may not be able to develop or enhance our technology or
products, fulfill our obligations to Flash Ventures, take advantage of future
opportunities, grow our business or respond to competitive pressures or
unanticipated industry changes, any of which could harm our
business.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents, stockholder rights plan and in 
Delaware
 law
could discourage or delay a change in control and, as a result, negatively
impact our stockholders.  We have taken a number of actions
that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover attempt.  For
example, we have a stockholders’ rights plan that would cause substantial
dilution to a stockholder, and substantially increase the cost paid by a
stockholder, who attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by our board of
directors.  This could discourage an acquisition of us.  In
addition, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors the
authority to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of and issue up to
4,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder action (2,000,000 of
which have already been reserved under our stockholder rights
plan).  Issuing preferred stock could have the effect of making it
more difficult and less attractive for a third party to acquire a majority of
our outstanding voting stock.  Preferred stock may also have other
rights, including economic rights senior to our common stock that could have a
material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.  In
addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law.  This section provides that a
corporation may not engage in any business combination with any interested
stockholder during the three-year period following the time that a stockholder
became an interested stockholder.  This provision could have the
effect of delaying or discouraging a change of control of
SanDisk.

 -
30 -

 Table of Contents

Unanticipated
changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities
could affect our profitability.  We are subject to income tax
in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions.  Our tax liabilities
are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding
and other items in intercompany transactions.  We are subject to
ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions.  Tax authorities may
disagree with our intercompany charges or other matters and assess additional
taxes.  We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in
order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision.  However,
there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these
audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on
our results of operations or financial condition.  In addition, our
effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the
mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the
discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation
process.  In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets,
which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate
future taxable income in the U.S.  Any of these changes could affect
our
profitability.

We
may be subject to risks associated with environmental
regulations.  Production and marketing of products in certain
states and countries may subject us to environmental and other regulations
including, in some instances, the responsibility for environmentally safe
disposal or recycling.  Such laws and regulations have recently been
passed in several jurisdictions in which we operate, including Japan and certain
states within the U.S.  Although we do not anticipate any material
adverse effects in the future based on the nature of our operations and the
focus of such laws, there is no assurance such existing laws or future laws will
not harm our financial condition, liquidity or results of
operations.

In
the event we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements relating to internal
controls, or if our internal control over financial reporting 
is
 not
effective, our business could suffer.  In connection with our
certification process under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have
identified in the past and will from time-to-time identify deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting.  We cannot assure you that
individually or in the aggregate these deficiencies would not be deemed to be a
material weakness.  A material weakness or deficiency in internal
control over financial reporting could materially impact our reported financial
results and the market price of our stock could significantly
decline.  Additionally, adverse publicity related to the disclosure of
a material weakness or deficiency in internal controls could have a negative
impact on our reputation, business and stock price.  Any internal
control or procedure, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide
reasonable assurance of achieving desired control objectives and cannot prevent
intentional misconduct or
fraud.

 -
31 -

 Table of Contents

Our
debt service obligations may adversely affect our cash
flow.  While the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 and the
1% Convertible Notes due 2035 are outstanding, we are obligated to pay to the
holders thereof approximately $12.3 million per year in
interest.  If we issue other debt securities in the future, our debt
service obligations will increase.  If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash to meet these obligations and must instead use our existing cash
or investments, we may have to reduce, curtail or terminate other business
activities.  We intend to fulfill our debt service obligations from
cash generated by our operations, if any, and from our existing cash and
investments.  Our indebtedness could have significant negative
consequences.

For
example, it could:

 ·  

 increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry
 conditions;

 ·  

 limit
 our ability to obtain additional
financing;

 ·  

 require
 the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations
 to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby
 reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund our growth strategy,
 working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate
 purposes;

 ·  

 limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business
 and our industry;

 ·  

 place
 us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less
 debt; and

 ·  

 increase
 our risk of credit rating
downgrades.

We
have significant financial obligations related to Flash Ventures, which could
impact our ability to comply with our obligations under our 1% Senior
Convertible Notes due 2013 and our 1% Convertible Notes due
2035.  We have entered into agreements to guarantee or provide
financial support with respect to lease and certain other obligations of Flash
Ventures in which we have a 49.9% ownership interest.  In addition, we
may enter into future agreements to increase manufacturing capacity, including
the expansion of Fab 4.  As of December 28, 2008, we had
guarantee obligations for Flash Venture master lease agreements of approximately
$2.09 billion.  In addition, we have significant commitments for
the future fixed costs of Flash Ventures.  Due to these and our other
commitments, we may not have sufficient funds to make payments under
or repay the
notes.

The
settlement of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 or the 1% Convertible
Notes due 2035 may have adverse consequences. The 1% Senior Convertible
Notes due 2013 are subject to net share settlement, which means that we will
satisfy our conversion obligation to holders by paying cash in settlement of the
lesser of the principal amount or the conversion value of the 1% Senior
Convertible Notes due 2013 and by delivering shares of our common stock in
settlement of any and all conversion obligations in excess of the daily
conversion values.  The holders of the 1% Convertible Notes due 2035
have a put option in March 2010 and various dates thereafter under which they
can demand cash repayment of the principal amount of
$75 million.

Our
failure to convert the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 into cash or a
combination of cash and common stock upon exercise of a holder’s conversion
right in accordance with the provisions of the indenture would constitute a
default under the indenture.  Similarly, our failure to settle the 1%
Convertible Notes due 2035 if we were forced to repurchase the Notes in March
2010 or thereafter would constitute a default under the indenture.  We
may not have the financial resources or be able to arrange for financing to pay
such principal amount in connection with the surrender of the 1% Senior
Convertible Notes due 2013 or the 1% Convertible Notes due
2035.  While we currently only have debt related to the 1% Senior
Convertible Notes due 2013 and the 1% Convertible Notes due 2035 and we do not
have other agreements that would restrict our ability to pay the principal
amount of any convertible notes in cash, we may enter into such an agreement in
the future, which may limit or prohibit our ability to make any such
payment.  In addition, a default under the indenture could lead to a
default under existing and future agreements governing our
indebtedness.  If, due to a default, the repayment of related
indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace
periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and amounts
owing in respect of the conversion, maturity, or put of any convertible
notes.

 -
32 -

 Table of Contents

The
convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant option transactions may
affect the value of the notes and our common stock.  We have
entered into convertible note hedge transactions with Morgan Stanley & Co.
International Limited and Goldman, Sachs & Co., or the
dealers.  These transactions are expected to reduce the potential
dilution upon conversion of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due
2013.  We used approximately $67.3 million of the net proceeds of
funds received from the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 to pay the net cost
of the convertible note hedge in excess of the warrant
transactions.  These transactions were accounted for as an adjustment
to our stockholders’ equity.  In connection with hedging these
transactions, the dealers or their
affiliates:

 ·  

 have
 entered into various over-the-counter cash-settled derivative transactions
 with respect to our common stock, concurrently with, and shortly after,
 the pricing of the notes; and

 ·  

 may
 enter into, or may unwind, various over-the-counter derivatives and/or
 purchase or sell our common stock in secondary market transactions
 following the pricing of the notes, including during any observation
 period related to a conversion of
notes.

The
dealers or their affiliates are likely to modify their hedge positions from
time-to-time prior to conversion or maturity of the notes by purchasing and
selling shares of our common stock, our securities or other instruments they may
wish to use in connection with such hedging.  In particular, such
hedging modification may occur during any observation period for a conversion of
the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013, which may have a negative effect on
the value of the consideration received in relation to the conversion of those
notes.  In addition, we intend to exercise options we hold under the
convertible note hedge transactions whenever notes are converted.  To
unwind their hedge positions with respect to those exercised options, the
dealers or their affiliates expect to sell shares of our common stock in
secondary market transactions or unwind various over-the-counter derivative
transactions with respect to our common stock during the observation period, if
any, for the converted notes.

The
effect of any of these transactions on the market price of our common stock or
the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013 will depend in part on market
conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time.  However, any of
these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the
value of the 1% Senior Convertible Notes due 2013, and consequently affect the
amount of cash and the number of shares of common stock the holders will receive
upon the conversion of the notes.