This section highlights specific risks that could affect our business and us. Although this
section attempts to highlight key factors, please be aware that other risks may prove to be
important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict such risks or
estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. In addition to the factors
discussed elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this report, among the other factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially are the following:

10

Table of Contents

We face intense competition from other financial service providers.

     We operate in a highly competitive environment in the products and services we offer and the
markets in which we serve. The competition among financial services providers to attract and
retain customers is intense. Customer loyalty can be easily influenced by a competitor’s new
products, especially offerings that could provide cost savings to the customer. Some of our
competitors may be better able to provide a wider range of products and services over a greater
geographic area.

     Moreover, this highly competitive industry could become even more competitive as a result of
legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities
firms and insurance companies now can merge by creating a “financial holding company,” which can
offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities
underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. Also, a number of
foreign banks have acquired financial services companies in the U.S., further increasing
competition in the U.S. market. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it
possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as
automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory
constraints and some have lower cost structures. We expect the consolidation of the banking and
financial services industry to result in larger, better-capitalized companies offering a wide array
of financial services and products.

The strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we
operate may be different than expected, and we may not be able to successfully manage any impact
from slowing economic conditions or consumer spending.

     Our business and earnings are affected by general business and economic conditions in the U.S.
and in particular, the states where we have significant operations, including Georgia, Alabama,
South Carolina, Florida and Tennessee. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest
rates, inflation, monetary supply, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, the
strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which we operate and consumer spending,
borrowing and savings habits. For example, an economic downturn, an increase in unemployment, or
other events that affect household and/or corporate incomes could decrease the demand for loan and
non-loan products and services and increase the number of customers who fail to pay interest or
principal on their loans. Nonpayment of loans, if it occurs, could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly, an economic downturn, whether national
or local, can hurt our financial performance. We may not be able to successfully manage the impact
from such slowing economic conditions.

We may experience increased delinquencies and credit losses.

     Like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not repay their loans. A
customer’s failure to repay is generally preceded by missed payments. In some instances, a
customer may declare bankruptcy prior to missing payments, although this is not generally the case.
Customers who declare bankruptcy frequently do not repay their loans. Where we have collateral,
we attempt to seize it when customers default on their loans. The value of the

11

Table of Contents

collateral may not
equal the amount of the unpaid loan, and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance
from our customers. Rising delinquencies and rising rates of bankruptcy are often precursors of
future charge-offs and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. Higher charge-off
rates and an increase in our allowance for loan losses may hurt our overall financial performance
if we are unable to raise revenue to compensate for these losses and may increase our cost of
funds.

The trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws of the federal government and its agencies,
including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board, significantly affect our earnings.

     The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Its policies
determine in large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return we earn on those
loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest margin. They can also materially
affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such as debt securities. Its policies can
affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For
example, a tightening of the money supply by the Federal Reserve Board could reduce the demand for
a borrower’s products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower’s earnings and
ability to repay its loans, which could materially adversely affect us. In addition, higher
interest rates could also increase our cost to borrow funds and increase the rate we pay on
deposits. Changes in Federal Reserve Board policies and laws are beyond our control and hard to
predict.

Maintaining or increasing market share depends on the timely development of and acceptance of new
products and services and perceived overall value of these products and services by users.

     Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving
industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices.
This can reduce our net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based products and services. In
addition, our success depends, in part, on our ability to generate significant levels of new
business in our existing markets and in identifying and penetrating new markets. Further, the
widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services, could require us to make
substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services. We may not be
successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of products and
services or developing and maintaining loyal customers and/or breaking into targeted markets.

We must respond to rapid technological changes and these changes may be more difficult or expensive
than anticipated.

     If competitors introduce new products and services embodying new technologies, or if new
industry standards and practices emerge, our existing product and service offerings, technology and
systems may become obsolete. Further, if we fail to adopt or develop new technologies or to adapt
our products and services to emerging industry standards, we may lose current and future customers,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. The financial services industry is changing rapidly

12

Table of Contents

and in order to remain
competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our
products, services and technologies. These changes may be more difficult or expensive than we
anticipate.

We have pursued a strategy of acquiring banks and financial services companies and these
acquisitions may be more difficult to integrate than anticipated.

     We regularly explore opportunities to acquire banks and financial services companies and
expect to grow, in part, through such acquisitions. In addition, TSYS also acquires companies to
enhance its functionality and product offerings. Difficulty in integrating an acquired company may
cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or
product presence, and/or other projected benefits of the acquisition. The integration could result
in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees, disruption of our business or the
business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to maintain
relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
These factors could contribute to us not achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition
within the desired time frames, if at all.

Fluctuations in our expenses and other costs may hurt our financial results.

     Our expenses and other costs, such as operating and marketing expenses, directly affect our
earnings results. In light of the extremely competitive environment in which we operate, and
because the size and scale of many of our competitors provides them with increased operational
efficiencies, it is important that we are able to successfully manage such expenses. As our
business develops, changes or expands, additional expenses can arise. Other factors that can
affect the amount of our expenses include legal and administrative cases and proceedings, which can
be expensive to pursue or defend. In addition, changes in accounting policies can significantly
affect how we calculate expenses and earnings.

We are heavily regulated by federal and state agencies, and changes in laws and regulations may
affect our financial outlook.

     Synovus, our subsidiary banks, and many of our nonbank subsidiaries, including TSYS, are
heavily regulated at the federal and state levels. This regulation is designed primarily to
protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not
shareholders. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies
continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to
statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including interpretation and implementation of
statutes, regulations or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including
limiting the types of financial services and products we may offer and/or increasing the ability of
nonbanks to offer competing financial services and products. Also, if we do not comply with laws,
regulations or policies, we could receive regulatory sanctions, including monetary penalties that
may have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, and damage to our
reputation. For more information, refer to “Supervision, Regulation and Other Factors” on page 4.

13

Table of Contents

Changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, or other authoritative bodies, could materially impact our
financial statements.

     Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial
condition and results of operations. From time to time, the regulatory agencies, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, and other authoritative bodies change the financial accounting and
reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be
hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and
results of operations.

The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and
developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, operating results and financial
condition

.

     We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or similar
matters arising out of our business. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted
against it, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm
our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation
significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to obtain
appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate
replacement policies with acceptable terms, if at all.

Our financial condition and outlook may be adversely affected by damage to our reputation.

     Our financial condition and outlook is highly dependent upon perceptions of our business
practices and reputation. Our ability to attract and retain customers and employees could be
adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged. Negative public opinion could result
from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices,
corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, disclosure, sharing or
inadequate protection of customer information and from actions taken by government regulators and
community organizations in response to that conduct. Damage to our reputation could give rise to
legal risks, which, in turn, could increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages
asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur related
costs and expenses.

Our access to funds from our subsidiaries may become limited, thereby restricting our ability to
make payments on our obligations or dividend payments.

     Synovus is a separate and distinct legal entity from our banking and nonbanking subsidiaries.
We therefore depend on dividends, distributions and other payments from our banking and nonbanking
subsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our common stock and to fund all payments on our other
obligations, including debt obligations. Our banking subsidiaries and certain other of our
subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of
funds from those subsidiaries to us. Regulatory action of that kind could

14

Table of Contents

impede access to funds
we need to make payments on our obligations or dividend payments.

Changes in the cost and availability of funding due to changes in the deposit market and credit
market, or the way in which we are perceived in such markets, may adversely affect financial
results.

     In general, the amount, type and cost of our funding, including from other financial
institutions, the capital markets and deposits, directly impacts our costs in operating our
business and growing our assets and therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial
results. A number of factors could make funding more difficult, more expensive or unavailable on
any terms, including, but not limited to, a reduction in our debt ratings, financial results and
losses, changes within our organization, specific events that adversely impact our reputation,
disruptions in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial services
industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our assets, the corporate and regulatory
structure, interest rate fluctuations, general economic conditions and the legal, regulatory,
accounting and tax environments governing our funding transactions. Also, we compete for funding
with other banks and similar companies, many of which are substantially larger, and have more
capital and other resources than we do. In addition, as some of these competitors consolidate with
other financial institutions, these advantages may increase. Competition from these institutions
may increase the cost of funds.

Various domestic or international military or terrorist activities or conflicts could affect our
business and financial condition.

     Acts or threats of war or terrorism, actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in
response to acts or threats of terrorism and/or military conflicts, could negatively affect
business and economic conditions in the U.S. If terrorist activity, acts of war or other
international hostilities cause an overall economic decline, our financial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. The potential for future terrorist attacks, the
national and international responses to terrorist attacks or perceived threats to national security
and other actual or potential conflicts or acts of war, including conflict in the Middle East, have
created many economic and political uncertainties that could seriously harm our business and
results of operations in ways that cannot presently be predicted.

Security and privacy breaches may damage our reputation and business.

     Any failures in our security and privacy measures, including the security and privacy measures
at TSYS, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
The uninterrupted operation of TSYS’ processing systems and the confidentiality of the client
information that resides on those systems is critical to TSYS’ business. TSYS has security, backup
and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure that its systems
will not be inoperable. TSYS also has what it believes to be sufficient security around its
systems to prevent unauthorized access. TSYS electronically stores personal information about
consumers who are customers of its clients. If TSYS is unable to protect, or its clients’ perceive
that it is unable to protect, the security and privacy of its electronic transactions, our business
and reputation could be materially adversely affected. While we

15

Table of Contents

believe TSYS uses proven
applications designed for data security and integrity to process electronic transactions, there can
be no assurance that its use of these applications will be sufficient to address changing market
positions or the security and privacy concerns of existing and potential clients.

     In addition to the factors discussed above, the following factors concerning TSYS’ business
may cause our results to differ from the results discussed in forward-looking statements:

TSYS may be unable to achieve its annual earnings goals.

     TSYS’ earnings have historically constituted approximately one-third of Synovus’ net income.
As such, TSYS’ annual earnings projection is one of the assumptions upon which Synovus’ annual
earnings projections are based. There is no guarantee that TSYS will be able to meet its annual
earnings projections. Any shortfall in TSYS achieving its earnings goals could adversely affect
the financial condition and results of operations of Synovus.

The merger of TSYS clients with entities that are not TSYS clients or the sale of portfolios by
TSYS clients to entities that are not TSYS clients could materially impact our financial condition.

     Consolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card
operations, continues to be a major risk. Specifically, TSYS faces risk that its clients may merge
with entities that are not TSYS clients or its clients may sell portfolios to entities that are not
TSYS clients, thereby impacting TSYS’ existing agreements and projected revenues with these
clients. Consolidation among financial institutions and the loss of any significant client by TSYS
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, consolidation among financial institutions has led to an increasingly concentrated client
base at
TSYS which increases the pressure on its profit margins.

TSYS may not be able to successfully manage its intellectual property and may be subject to
infringement claims.

     In the rapidly developing legal framework, TSYS relies on a combination of contractual rights
and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect its proprietary
technology. Despite TSYS’ efforts to protect its intellectual property, third parties may infringe
or misappropriate TSYS’ intellectual property or may develop software or technology competitive to
TSYS. TSYS’ competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate its products or
services or design around TSYS’ intellectual property rights. TSYS may have to litigate to enforce
and protect its intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their
scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and
may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure
or enforce intellectual property protection could harm TSYS’ business and ability to compete. TSYS
may also be subject to costly litigation in the event its products and technology infringe upon
another party’s proprietary rights.

16

Table of Contents