In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, including MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS – FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL in Item 7 of each registrant, and other documents filed by
Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries with the SEC from time to time, the following factors
should be carefully considered in evaluating Southern Company and its subsidiaries. Such factors
could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries.

Risks Related to the Energy Industry 

Southern Company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation.
Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals,
permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to Southern Company and its subsidiaries.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and Southern
Power, are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state, and local regulatory agencies.
Southern Company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and
to obtain numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from the governmental agencies that
regulate various aspects of their businesses, including customer rates, service regulations, retail
service territories, sales of securities, asset acquisitions and sales, accounting policies and
practices, and the operation of fossil-fuel, hydroelectric, and nuclear generating facilities. For
example, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional operating companies and by
Southern Power must be approved by the FERC and failure to maintain FERC market-based rate
authority may impact the rates charged to wholesale customers. Additionally, the respective state
PSCs must approve the traditional operating companies’ rates for retail customers. While the
retail rates approved by the respective state PSCs are designed to provide for recovery of costs
and a return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that a state PSC will not deem certain
costs to be imprudently incurred and not subject to recovery.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries believe the necessary permits, approvals and certificates
have been obtained for its existing operations and that their respective businesses are conducted
in accordance with applicable laws; however, the impact of any future revision or changes in
interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to
Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries cannot now be predicted. Changes in regulation or the
imposition of additional regulations could influence the operating environment of Southern Company
and its subsidiaries and may result in substantial costs.

Certain events in the energy markets that are beyond the control of Southern Company and its
subsidiaries have increased the level of public and regulatory scrutiny in the energy industry and
in the capital markets. The reaction to these events may result in new laws or regulations related
to the business operations or the accounting treatment of the existing operations of Southern
Company and its subsidiaries which could have a negative impact on the net income or access to
capital of Southern Company and its subsidiaries.

Companies in regulated and unregulated electric utility businesses have been under an increased
amount of public and regulatory scrutiny with respect to, among other things, accounting practices,
financial disclosures, and relationships with independent auditors. This increased scrutiny has
led to substantial changes in laws and regulations affecting Southern Company and its subsidiaries,
including, among other things, enhanced internal control and auditor independence requirements,
financial statement certification requirements, more frequent SEC reviews of financial statements,
and accelerated and additional SEC filing requirements. New accounting and disclosure requirements
have changed the way Southern Company and its subsidiaries are required to record revenues,
expenses, assets, and liabilities. Southern Company expects continued regulatory focus on
accounting and financial reporting issues. Disruptions in the industry and any resulting
additional regulations may have a negative impact on the net income or access to capital of
Southern Company and its subsidiaries.

General Risks Related to Operation of Southern Company’s Utility Subsidiaries

The regional power market in which Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries compete may have
changing transmission regulatory structures, which could affect the ownership of these assets and
related

I-13

Table of Contents

revenues and expenses.

The traditional operating companies currently own and operate transmission facilities as part of a
vertically integrated utility. Transmission revenues are not separated from generation and
distribution revenues in their approved retail rates. Current FERC efforts that may potentially
change the regulatory and/or operational structure of transmission include rules related to the
standardization of generation interconnection, as well as an inquiry into, among other things,
market power by vertically integrated utilities. The financial condition, net income, and cash
flows of Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries could be adversely affected by future
changes in the federal regulatory or operational structure of transmission.

Deregulation or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition and
unrecovered costs which could negatively impact the net income of Southern Company and the
traditional operating companies and the value of their respective assets.

Increased competition resulting from restructuring efforts, could have a significant adverse
financial impact on Southern Company and the traditional operating companies. Any adoption in the
territories served by the traditional operating companies of retail competition and the unbundling
of regulated energy service could have a significant adverse financial impact on Southern Company
and the traditional operating companies due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers,
lower profit margins, an inability to recover reasonable costs, or increased costs of capital.
Southern Company and the traditional operating companies cannot predict if or when they may be
subject to changes in legislation or regulation, nor can Southern Company and the traditional
operating companies predict the impact of these changes.

Additionally, the electric utility industry has experienced a substantial increase in competition
at the wholesale level. As a result of changes in federal law and regulatory policy, competition
in the wholesale electricity market has greatly increased due to a greater participation by
traditional electricity suppliers, non-utility generators, IPPs, wholesale power marketers, and
brokers and due to the trading of energy futures contracts on various commodities exchanges. In
addition, FERC rules on transmission service are designed to facilitate competition in the
wholesale market on a nationwide basis by providing greater flexibility and more choices to
wholesale power customers.

Changes to the criteria used by the FERC for approval of market-based rate authority may negatively
impact the traditional operating companies’ and Southern Power’s ability to charge market-based
rates which could negatively impact the net income and cash flow of Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power.

Each of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power have authorization from the FERC to
sell power to nonaffiliates, including short-term opportunity sales, at market-based prices.
Specific FERC approval must be obtained with respect to a market-based sale to an affiliate.

In December 2004, the FERC initiated a proceeding to assess Southern Company’s generation dominance
within its retail service territory. The ability to charge market-based rates in other markets is
not an issue in the proceeding. Any new market-based rate sales by any subsidiary of Southern
Company in Southern Company’s retail service territory entered into during a 15-month refund period
that ended in May 2006 could be subject to refund to a cost-based rate level.

In late June and July 2007, hearings were held in this proceeding and the presiding administrative
law judge issued an initial decision on November 9, 2007 regarding the methodology to be used in
the generation dominance tests. The proceedings are ongoing. The ultimate outcome of this
generation dominance proceeding cannot now be determined, but an adverse decision by the FERC in a
final order could require the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to charge
cost-based rates for certain wholesale sales in the Southern Company retail service territory,
which may be lower than negotiated market-based rates, and could also result in refunds of up to
$19.7 million, plus interest. Southern Company and its subsidiaries believe that there is no
meritorious basis for this proceeding and are vigorously defending themselves in this matter.

I-14

Table of Contents

On June 21, 2007, the FERC issued its final rule regarding market-based rate authority. The FERC
generally retained its current market-based rate standards. The impact of this order and its
effect on the generation dominance proceeding cannot now be determined.

Risks Related to Environmental and Climate Change Legislation and Regulation

Southern Company’s and the traditional operating companies’ costs of compliance with environmental
laws are significant. The costs of compliance with future environmental laws, including laws and
regulations designed to address global climate change, and the incurrence of environmental
liabilities could affect unit retirement decisions and negatively impact the net income, cash
flows, and financial condition of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or
Southern Power.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to extensive
federal, state, and local environmental requirements which, among other things, regulate air
emissions, water discharges, and the management of hazardous and solid waste in order to adequately
protect the environment. Compliance with these legal requirements requires Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power to commit significant expenditures for
installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits
at all of their respective facilities. These expenditures are significant and Southern Company,
the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power expect that they will increase in the
future. Through 2007, Southern Company had invested approximately $4.7 billion in capital projects
to comply with these requirements, with annual totals of $1.5 billion, $661 million, and $423
million for 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively. Southern Company expects that capital expenditures
to assure compliance with existing and new statutes and regulations will be an additional $1.8
billion, $1.5 billion, and $0.6 billion for 2008, 2009, and 2010, respectively. Because Southern
Company’s compliance strategy is impacted by changes to existing environmental laws, statutes, and
regulations, the cost, availability, and existing inventory of emission allowances, and Southern
Company’s fuel mix, the ultimate outcome cannot be determined at this time.

Litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage,
personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements, such
as opacity and air and water quality standards, has increased generally throughout the United
States. In particular, personal injury claims for damages caused by alleged exposure to hazardous
materials have become more frequent.

If Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power fail to comply with
environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond their control, that failure
may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines. The EPA has filed civil
actions against Alabama Power and Georgia Power alleging violations of the new source review
provisions of the Clean Air Act. Southern Company is a party to suits alleging its emissions of
carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, contribute to global warming. An adverse outcome in either of
these cases could require substantial capital expenditures that cannot be determined at this time,
and could possibly require payment of substantial penalties. Such expenditures could affect unit
retirement and replacement decisions, and results of operations, cash flows, and financial
condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws and regulations related to
global climate change, air quality, or other environmental and health concerns may be adopted or
become applicable to Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power.
For example, legislative proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas
emissions continue to be considered in Congress. In addition, some states are considering or have
undertaken actions to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In July 2007, for example, the
Governor of the State of Florida signed three executive orders addressing reduction of greenhouse
gas emissions within the state, including statewide emission reduction targets beginning in 2017.
In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA has authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate
greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles. The EPA is currently developing its response to
this decision. Regulatory decisions that will follow from this response may have implications for
both new and existing stationary sources, such as power plants.

New or revised laws and regulations or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such
as those related to climate change, could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and/or
result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on the facilities of the
traditional operating companies or Southern Power or increased

I-15

Table of Contents

compliance costs which may not be fully recoverable from customers and would therefore reduce the
net income of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power. The cost
impact of such legislation, regulation, or new interpretations would depend upon the specific
requirements enacted and cannot be determined at this time.

Risks Related to Southern Company and its Business

Southern Company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay
dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay
funds to Southern Company.

Southern Company is a holding company and, as such, Southern Company has no operations of its own.
Substantially all of Southern Company’s consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. Southern
Company’s ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock at the
current rate is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their
ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to Southern Company. Prior to funding Southern
Company, Southern Company’s subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied,
including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends. Southern
Company’s subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide Southern
Company with funds for its payment obligations.

The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if its
subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities.

Southern Company’s financial performance depends on the successful operation of its subsidiaries’
electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities
involves many risks, including:

•

operator error or failure of equipment or processes;

•

operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory
requirements;

•

labor disputes;

•

terrorist attacks;

•

fuel or material supply interruptions;

•

compliance with mandatory reliability standards; and

•

catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, droughts,
hurricanes, pandemic health events such as an avian influenza, or other similar
occurrences.

A decrease or elimination of revenues from power produced by the electric generating facilities or
an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and cash flows and
could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected traditional operating company or
Southern Power and of Southern Company.

The revenues of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power depend in
part on sales under PPAs. The failure of a counterparty to one of these PPAs to perform its
obligations, or the failure to renew the PPAs, could have a negative impact on the net income and
cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company.

Most of Southern Power’s generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under PPAs having initial
terms of five to 15 years. In addition, the traditional operating companies enter into PPAs with
non-affiliated parties. Revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of
their obligations under these PPAs. Even though Southern Power and the traditional operating
companies have a rigorous credit evaluation process, the failure of one of the purchasers to
perform its obligations could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the
affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company. Although these
credit

I-16

Table of Contents

evaluations take into account the possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a
default by a purchaser may be greater than the credit evaluation predicts. Additionally, neither
Southern Power nor any traditional operating company can predict whether the PPAs will be renewed
at the end of their respective terms or on what terms any renewals may be made. If a PPA is not
renewed, a replacement PPA cannot be assured.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power may incur additional
costs or delays in the construction of new plants or environmental facilities and may not be able
to recover their investment. The facilities of Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, and Southern Power require ongoing capital expenditures.

Certain of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power are in the process of
constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental controls equipment at existing
generating facilities. Southern Company intends to continue its strategy of developing and
constructing other new facilities, expanding existing facilities and adding environmental control
equipment. The completion of these types of projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to
substantial risks, including:

•

shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor,
including environmental laws and regulations;

•

work stoppages;

•

permits, approvals, and other regulatory matters;

•

adverse weather conditions;

•

unforeseen engineering problems;

•

environmental and geological conditions;

•

delays or increased costs to interconnect its facilities to transmission grids;

•

unanticipated cost increases; and

•

attention to other projects.

Tightening labor markets in the Southeast and increasing costs of materials have resulted in
increasing cost estimates for Southern Company’s subsidiaries’ construction projects. If a
traditional operating company or Southern Power is unable to complete the development or
construction of a facility or decides to delay or cancel construction of a facility, it may not be
able to recover its investment in that facility. In addition, construction delays and contractor
performance shortfalls can result in the loss of revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the
net income and financial position of a traditional operating company or Southern Power and of
Southern Company. Furthermore, if construction projects are not completed according to
specification, a traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern Company may incur
liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs, and reduced net income.

Once facilities come into commercial operation, ongoing capital expenditures are required to
maintain reliable levels of operation. Significant portions of the traditional operating
companies’ existing facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generation equipment, even
if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to
provide reliable operations.

Changes in technology may make Southern Company’s electric generating facilities owned by the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power less competitive.

A key element of the business model of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and
Southern Power is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale
and produces power at a

I-17

Table of Contents

competitive cost. There are distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel
cells, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar cells. It is possible that advances in technology
will reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with
that of most central station power electric production. If this were to happen and if these
technologies achieved economies of scale, the market share of Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power could be eroded, and the value of their respective electric
generating facilities could be reduced. It is also possible that rapid advances in central station
power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities
owned by Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power. Changes in
technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy or utilize
power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, or Southern Power.

Operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, health,
regulatory, terrorism and financial risks that could result in fines or the closure of Southern
Company’s nuclear units owned by Alabama Power or Georgia Power, and which may present potential
exposures in excess of insurance coverage.

Alabama Power owns two nuclear units and Georgia Power holds undivided interests in, and contracts
for operation of, four nuclear units. These six units are operated by Southern Nuclear and
represent approximately 3,680 megawatts, or 8.8%, of Southern Company’s generation capacity as of
December 31, 2007. These nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, health and financial
risks such as on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear
fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, potential liabilities arising
out of the operation of these facilities, and the threat of a possible terrorist attack. Alabama
Power and Georgia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize
the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount
of insurance coverage.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements
for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has
the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the
severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. NRC orders or new regulations related to
increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require
Alabama Power and Georgia Power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their
nuclear plants. In addition, although Alabama Power, Georgia Power, and Southern Company have no
reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could
result in substantial costs to Alabama Power or Georgia Power and Southern Company. A major
incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the
operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit.

In addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in
increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs that are difficult or impossible to predict.

The generation and energy marketing operations of Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, and Southern Power are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their control,
including changes in power prices and fuel costs, that may reduce Southern Company’s, the
traditional operating companies,’ and Southern Power’s revenues and increase costs.

The generation and energy marketing operations of Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, and Southern Power are subject to changes in power prices or fuel costs, which could
increase the cost of producing power or decrease the amount Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power receive from the sale of power. The market prices for
these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power attempt to mitigate risks
associated with fluctuating fuel costs by passing these costs on to customers through the
traditional operating companies’ fuel cost recovery clauses or through PPAs. Among the factors
that could influence power prices and fuel costs are:

•

prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and other
fuels used in the generation facilities of the traditional operating companies and
Southern Power including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such
commodities;

I-18

Table of Contents

•

demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available
from current or new competitors;

•

liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;

•

weather conditions impacting demand for electricity;

•

seasonality;

•

transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies;

•

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;

•

forced or unscheduled plant outages for the Southern Company system, its
competitors, or third party providers;

•

the financial condition of market participants;

•

the economy in the service territory, nation and worldwide, including the
impact of economic conditions on industrial and commercial demand for electricity and
the worldwide demand for fuels;

•

natural disasters, wars, embargos, acts of terrorism, and other catastrophic
events; and

•

federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
legislation.

Certain of these factors could increase the expenses of the traditional operating companies or
Southern Power and Southern Company. For the traditional operating companies, such increases may
not be fully recoverable through rates. Other of these factors could reduce the revenues of the
traditional operating companies or Southern Power and Southern Company.

As a result of increasing fuel costs, the traditional operating companies have accrued significant
underrecovered fuel cost balances. In addition, Gulf Power has a significant underrecovered
balance in its storm cost recovery reserve as a result of Hurricanes Dennis and Katrina. The
traditional operating companies may experience similar deficit balances following future storms.
While the traditional operating companies are generally authorized to recover underrecovered fuel
costs through fuel cost recovery clauses and storm recovery costs through special rate provisions
administered by the respective PSCs, recovery may be denied if costs are deemed to be imprudently
incurred and delays in the authorization of such recovery could negatively impact the cash flows of
the affected traditional operating company and Southern Company.

The use of derivative contracts by Southern Company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of
business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of Southern Company
and its subsidiaries.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and Southern
Power, use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their
commodity and financial market risks and, to a lesser extent, engage in limited trading activities.
Southern Company and its subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility
in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. In the absence of
actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these
financial instruments can involve management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes
in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the
reported fair value of these contracts.

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power may not be able to obtain adequate fuel
supplies, which could limit their ability to operate their facilities.

I-19

Table of Contents

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas,
uranium, and fuel oil, from a number of suppliers. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including
disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations,
force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could
limit the ability of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to operate their
respective facilities, and thus reduce the net income of the affected traditional operating company
or Southern Power and Southern Company.

The traditional operating companies are dependent on coal for much of their electric generating
capacity. Each traditional operating company has coal supply contracts in place; however, there
can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to
supply coal to the traditional operating companies. The suppliers under these agreements may
experience financial or technical problems which inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations
to the traditional operating companies. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not
be required to supply coal to the traditional operating companies under certain circumstances, such
as in the event of a natural disaster. If the traditional operating companies are unable to obtain
their coal requirements under these contracts, the traditional operating companies may be required
to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which may not be fully recoverable through
rates.

In addition, Southern Power in particular, and the traditional operating companies to a lesser
extent, are dependent on natural gas for a portion of their electric generating capacity. Natural
gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed.
For example, in connection with the 2005 hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, production and
distribution of natural gas was limited for a period of time, resulting in shortages and
significant increases in the price of natural gas. In addition, world market conditions for fuels,
including the policies of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, can impact the price
and availability of natural gas.

Demand for power could exceed supply capacity, resulting in increased costs for purchasing capacity
in the open market or building additional generation capabilities.

Through the traditional operating companies and Southern Power, Southern Company is currently
obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term PPAs. At
peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed Southern Company’s
available generation capacity. Market or competitive forces may require that the traditional
operating companies or Southern Power purchase capacity on the open market or build additional
generation capabilities. Because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to
pass all of these purchase or construction costs on to their customers, the traditional operating
companies may not be able to recover any of these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag
associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of purchased or constructed capacity and
the traditional operating companies’ recovery in customers’ rates. Under Southern Power’s
long-term fixed price PPAs, Southern Power would not have the ability to recover any of these
costs. These situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected
traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern Company.

The operating results of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power
are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis.

Electric power supply is generally a seasonal business. In many parts of the country, demand for
power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time. In other
areas, power demand peaks during the winter. As a result, the overall operating results of
Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power in the future may
fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power have historically sold less power when weather conditions
are milder. Unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, available
cash and borrowing ability of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern
Power.

Mirant and The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Mirant Corporation have filed a claim
against Southern Company seeking substantial monetary damages in connection with transfers made by
Mirant to Southern Company prior to the Mirant spin-off.

I-20

Table of Contents

Mirant was an energy company with businesses that included independent power projects and energy
trading and risk management companies in the U.S. and selected other countries. It was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Southern Company until its initial public offering in October 2000. In
April 2001, Southern Company completed a spin-off to its shareholders of its remaining ownership,
and Mirant became an independent corporate entity.

In July 2003, Mirant and certain of its affiliates filed for voluntary reorganization under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. In January 2006, Mirant’s plan of reorganization became
effective, and Mirant emerged from bankruptcy. As part of the plan, Mirant transferred
substantially all of its assets and its restructured debt to a new corporation that adopted the
name Mirant Corporation (Reorganized Mirant).

In December 2004, as a result of concluding an IRS audit for the tax years 2000 and 2001, Southern
Company paid approximately $39 million in additional tax and interest related to Mirant tax items
and filed a claim in Mirant’s bankruptcy case for that amount. Through December 2007, Southern
Company received from the IRS approximately $36 million in refunds related to Mirant. Southern
Company believes it has a right to recoup the $39 million tax payment owed by Mirant from such tax
refunds. As a result, Southern Company intends to retain the tax refunds and reduce its claim
against Mirant for the payment of Mirant taxes by the amount of such refunds.  MC Asset Recovery, a
special purpose subsidiary of Reorganized Mirant, has objected to and sought to equitably
subordinate the Southern Company tax claim in its fraudulent transfer litigation against Southern
Company.  Southern Company has reserved the approximately $3 million amount remaining with respect
to its Mirant tax claim.

If Southern Company is ultimately required to make any additional payments either with respect to
the IRS audit or its contingent obligations under guarantees of Mirant subsidiaries, Mirant’s
indemnification obligation to Southern Company for these additional payments, if allowed, would
constitute unsecured claims against Mirant, entitled to stock in Reorganized Mirant.

In June 2005, Mirant, as a debtor in possession, and The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors
of Mirant Corporation filed a complaint against Southern Company in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Northern District of Texas, which was amended in July 2005, February 2006, May 2006, and March
2007. In January 2006, MC Asset Recovery was substituted as plaintiff. The fourth amended
complaint alleges that Southern Company caused Mirant to engage in certain fraudulent transfers and
to pay illegal dividends to Southern Company prior to the spin-off. The complaint also seeks to
recharacterize certain advances from Southern Company to Mirant for investments in energy
facilities from debt to equity. The complaint further alleges that Southern Company is liable to
Mirant’s creditors for the full amount of Mirant’s liability and that Southern Company breached its
fiduciary duties to Mirant and its creditors, caused Mirant to breach fiduciary duties to its
creditors, and aided and abetted breaches of fiduciary duties by Mirant’s directors and officers.
The complaint also seeks recoveries under theories of restitution, unjust enrichment, and alter
ego. In addition, the complaint alleges a claim under the Federal Debt Collection Procedure Act
(FDCPA) to void certain transfers from Mirant to Southern Company. MC Asset Recovery claims to
have standing to assert violations of the FDCPA and to recover property on behalf of the Mirant
debtors’ estates. The complaint seeks monetary damages in excess of $2 billion plus interest,
punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. Finally, the complaint includes an objection to
Southern Company’s pending claims against Mirant in the Bankruptcy Court (which relate to
reimbursement under the separation agreements of payments such as income taxes, interest, legal
fees, and other guarantees described in Note 7 to the financial statements of Southern Company in
Item 8 herein) and seeks equitable subordination of Southern Company’s claims to the claims of all
other creditors. Southern Company served an answer to the complaint in April 2007.

In February 2006, Southern Company’s motion to transfer the case to the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia was granted. In May 2006, Southern Company filed a motion for summary
judgment seeking entry of judgment against the plaintiff as to all counts in the complaint. In
December 2006, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia granted in part and
denied in part the motion. As a result, certain breach of fiduciary duty claims alleged in earlier
versions of the complaint were barred; all other claims may proceed. Southern Company believes
there is no meritorious basis for the claims in the complaint and is vigorously defending itself in
this action. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time.

IRS challenges to Southern Company’s income tax deductions taken in connection with three
international leveraged lease transactions could result in the payment of substantial additional
interest and penalties and

I-21

Table of Contents

could materially impact Southern Company’s cash flow and net income.

Southern Company undergoes audits by the IRS for each of its tax years. The IRS has completed its
audits of Southern Company’s consolidated federal income tax returns for all years prior to 2004.
The IRS challenged Southern Company’s deductions related to three international lease transactions
(SILO or sale-in-lease-out transactions), in connection with its audits of Southern Company’s 2000
through 2003 tax returns. In the third quarter 2006, Southern Company paid the full amount of the
disputed tax and the applicable interest on the SILO issue for tax years 2000 and 2001 and filed a
claim for refund which was denied by the IRS. The disputed tax amount was $79 million and the
related interest approximately $24 million for these tax years. This payment, and the subsequent
IRS disallowance of the refund claim, closed the issue with the IRS and Southern Company initiated
litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia for a complete refund of
tax and interest paid for the 2000 and 2001 tax years. The IRS also challenged the SILO deductions
for the tax years 2002 and 2003. The estimated amount of disputed tax and interest for these tax
years was approximately $83 million and $15 million, respectively. The tax and interest for these
tax years was paid to the IRS in the fourth quarter 2006. Southern Company has accounted for both
payments in 2006 as deposits. For the tax years 2000 through 2007, Southern Company has claimed
approximately $330 million in tax benefits related to these SILO transactions challenged by the
IRS. These tax benefits relate to timing differences and do not impact total net income. Southern
Company believes these transactions are valid leases for U.S. tax purposes and the related
deductions are allowable. Southern Company is continuing to pursue resolution of these matters;
however, the ultimate outcome cannot now be determined. In addition, the U.S. Senate is currently
considering legislation that would disallow tax benefits after December 31, 2007 for SILO losses
and other international leveraged lease transactions (such as lease-in-lease-out transactions).
The ultimate impact on Southern Company’s net income will be dependent on the outcome of the
pending litigation and proposed legislation, but could be significant, and potentially material.

Risks Related to Market and Economic Volatility

The business of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power is
dependent on their ability to successfully access capital markets. The inability of Southern
Company, any traditional operating company or Southern Power to access capital may limit its
ability to execute its business plan or pursue improvements and make acquisitions that Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power may otherwise rely on for future
growth.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power rely on access to both
short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for
capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. If Southern
Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power is not able to access capital at
competitive rates, its ability to implement its business plan or pursue improvements and make
acquisitions that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power may
otherwise rely on for future growth will be limited. Each of Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these
financial markets based upon current credit ratings. However, certain market disruptions or a
downgrade of the credit rating of Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern
Power may increase its cost of borrowing or adversely affect its ability to raise capital through
the issuance of securities or other borrowing arrangements. Such disruptions could include:

•

an economic downturn or uncertainty;

•

the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company;

•

capital market conditions generally;

•

market prices for electricity and gas;

•

terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on Southern Company’s facilities or
unrelated energy companies;

•

war or threat of war; or

I-22

Table of Contents

•

the overall health of the utility industry.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to risks
associated with a changing economic environment, including their ability to obtain insurance, the
financial stability of their respective customers, and their ability to raise capital.

The threat of terrorism and the hurricanes that affected the Gulf Coast, among other things, have
had disruptive effects on the insurance industry. The availability of insurance covering risks
that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, Southern Power, and their respective
competitors typically insure against may decrease, and the insurance that Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are able to obtain may have higher deductibles,
higher premiums, and more restrictive policy terms. Any economic downturn or disruption of
financial markets could negatively affect the financial stability of their respective customers and
counterparties. These factors could adversely affect Southern Company’s subsidiaries’ ability to
achieve energy sales growth, thereby decreasing Southern Company’s level of future net income.

Certain of the traditional operating companies have substantial investments in the Gulf Coast
region which can be subject to major storm activity. The ability of the traditional operating
companies to recover costs and replenish reserves in the event of a major storm, other natural
disaster, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event generally will require regulatory action.

Each traditional operating company maintains a reserve for property damage to cover the cost of
damages from major storms to its transmission and distribution lines and the cost of uninsured
damages to its generating facilities and other property. In September 2004, Hurricane Ivan hit the
Gulf coast of Florida and Alabama, causing significant damage to the service areas of Alabama Power
and Gulf Power. In July and August 2005, Hurricanes Dennis and Katrina, respectively, hit the Gulf
coast of the United States and caused significant damage in the service areas of Gulf Power,
Alabama Power, and Mississippi Power. In each case, costs to the respective traditional operating
companies exceeded their respective storm cost reserves and insurance coverage and were
subsequently approved for recovery by their respective state PSCs. In the event a traditional
operating company experiences a natural disaster, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event,
recovery of costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is subject to the approval of its
state PSC. While the traditional operating companies generally are entitled to recover prudently
incurred costs incurred in connection with such an event, any denial by the applicable state PSC or
delay in recovery of any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a
traditional operating company’s and Southern Company’s results of operations and/or cash flows.