In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, including MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS – FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL
in Item 7 of each registrant, and other documents filed by Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries with the SEC from time to time, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating Southern Company and its subsidiaries. Such
factors could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries. 

UTILITY REGULATORY, LEGISLATIVE, AND LITIGATION RISKS 

Southern Company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits, and
certificates may result in substantial costs to Southern Company and its subsidiaries. 

Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including
the traditional operating companies and Southern Power, are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. Southern Company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to
obtain numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from the governmental agencies that regulate various aspects of their businesses, including rates and charges, service regulations, retail service territories, sales of securities, asset
acquisitions and sales, accounting policies and practices, and the operation of fossil-fuel, hydroelectric, solar, and nuclear generating facilities, as well as transmission and distribution facilities. For example, the rates charged to wholesale
customers by the traditional operating companies and by Southern Power must be approved by the FERC. These wholesale rates could be affected absent the ability to conduct business pursuant to FERC market-based rate authority. Additionally, the
respective state PSCs must approve the traditional operating companies’ requested rates for retail customers. While the retail rates of the traditional operating companies are designed to provide for the full recovery of costs (including a
reasonable return on invested capital), there can be no assurance that a state PSC, in a future rate proceeding, will not attempt to alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is sought or to modify the current authorized rate of
return. 

Southern Company and its subsidiaries believe the necessary permits, approvals, and certificates have been obtained for their
respective existing operations and that their respective businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and
regulations applicable to Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries cannot now be predicted. Changes in regulation or the imposition of additional regulations could influence the operating environment of Southern Company and its subsidiaries and
may result in substantial costs. 

The Southern Company system’s costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. The costs
of compliance with current and future environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address air quality, water, coal combustion byproducts, global climate change, renewable energy standards, and other matters and the incurrence of
environmental liabilities could negatively impact the net income, cash flows, and financial condition of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power. 

The Southern Company system is subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental requirements which, among other things, regulate air emissions, water usage and discharges, and the management
of hazardous and solid waste in order to adequately protect the environment. Compliance with these environmental requirements requires the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to commit significant expenditures for installation of
pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at substantially all of their respective facilities. These expenditures are significant and Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power
expect that they will increase in the future. Through 2011, the traditional operating companies had invested approximately $8.3 billion in environmental capital retrofit projects to comply with these requirements, with annual totals of $300 million,
$500 million, and $1.3 billion for 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws
and regulations related to air quality, water, coal combustion byproducts, global climate change, or other environmental and health concerns may be adopted or become applicable to the traditional operating companies and Southern Power. 

I-18

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

During 2011, the EPA proposed revisions and revised or issued additional regulations and designations with
respect to air quality under the Clean Air Act, including finalization of the eight-hour ozone standards, the CSAPR, which relates to nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide emissions, and the MATS rule for coal- and oil-fired electric generating units,
which imposes stringent emissions limits for acid gases, mercury, and total particulate matter. 

On April 20, 2011, the EPA published a
proposed water quality rule relating to cooling water intake structures at existing power plants and manufacturing facilities. Compliance with the proposed rule could require changes to existing cooling water intake structures at certain of the
traditional operating companies’ generating facilities, and new generating units constructed at existing plants would be required to install closed cycle cooling towers. 

In addition, the EPA is currently evaluating whether additional regulation of coal combustion byproducts (including coal ash and gypsum) is merited under federal solid and hazardous waste laws. In June
2010, the EPA published a proposed rule that requested comments on two potential regulatory options for the management and disposal of coal combustion byproducts: regulation as a solid waste or regulation as if the materials technically constituted
a hazardous waste. Adoption of either option could require closure of, or significant change to, existing storage facilities and construction of lined landfills, as well as additional waste management and groundwater monitoring requirements and
impact of the beneficial reuse of coal combustion byproducts. Under both options, the EPA proposes to exempt the beneficial use of coal combustion byproducts from regulation; however, a hazardous or other designation indicative of heightened risk
could limit or eliminate beneficial reuse options. 

In 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA has authority under the Clean Air Act to
regulate greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles, and, in April 2010, the EPA issued regulations to that effect. When these regulations became effective, carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases became regulated pollutants under the
Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) preconstruction permit program and the Title V operating permit program, which both apply to power plants and other commercial and industrial facilities. In May 2010, the EPA issued a final rule, known
as the Tailoring Rule, governing how these programs would be applied to stationary sources, including power plants. In addition to these rules, the EPA has announced plans to propose a rule setting forth standards of performance for greenhouse gas
emissions from new and modified fossil fuel-fired electric generating units in early 2012 and greenhouse gas emissions guidelines for existing sources in late 2012. The ultimate outcome of these rules cannot be determined at this time and will
depend on the outcome of any legal challenges. 

Each of the states in which the Southern Company system has fossil
generation is subject to the requirements of CAIR, which calls for phased reductions in sulfur dioxide (SO
2

) and nitrogen oxide (NO
x

) emissions from power plants in 28 eastern states. On August 8, 2011, the EPA adopted the CSAPR to replace CAIR effective January 1, 2012. Like CAIR, the CSAPR was intended to address
interstate emissions of SO
2 

and NO
x

 that interfere with downwind states’ ability to meet or maintain
national ambient air quality standards for ozone and/or particulate matter. On February 7, 2012, the EPA released the final technical revisions to the CSAPR and at the same time issued a direct final rule which together provide additional
increases to certain state emissions budgets, including the States of Florida, Georgia, and Mississippi. 

On February 16, 2012, the EPA
published the final MATS rule, which imposes stringent emissions limits for acid gases, mercury, and total particulate matter on coal- and oil-fired electric utility steam generating units. Compliance for existing sources is required by
April 16, 2015 – three years after the effective date of the final rule. 

The Southern Company system is assessing the potential
costs of complying with the MATS rule, as well as the EPA’s proposed water and coal combustion byproducts rules. The Southern Company system’s compliance strategy, including potential unit retirement and replacement decisions, and future
environmental capital expenditures are dependent on a final assessment of the MATS rule and will be affected by the final requirements of new or revised environmental regulations that are promulgated, including the proposed environmental regulations
described above; the outcome of any legal challenges to the environmental rules; the cost, availability, and existing inventory of emissions allowances; and the fuel mix of the electric utilities. These costs may arise from existing unit
retirements, installation of additional environmental controls, upgrades to the transmission system, the addition of new generating resources, and changing fuel sources for certain existing units. The Southern Company system’s preliminary
analysis further indicates that the short timeframe for compliance with the MATS rule could 

I-19

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

significantly affect electric system reliability and cause an increase in costs of materials and services. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. Additional
compliance costs (including costs for the installation of environmental controls) and costs related to potential unit retirements and replacements could affect results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition if such costs are not
recovered from customers. Further, higher costs that are recovered through regulated rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity, which could negatively impact results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

If Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power fails to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by
factors beyond its control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines. The EPA has filed civil actions against Alabama Power and Georgia Power and issued notices of violation to Gulf Power and Mississippi
Power alleging violations of the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. Southern Company, the traditional operating companies (excluding Mississippi Power), and Southern Power are also parties to suits alleging that emissions of carbon
dioxide, a greenhouse gas, contribute to global climate change. An adverse outcome in any of these matters could require substantial capital expenditures that cannot be determined at this time and could possibly require payment of substantial
penalties. Such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates for the traditional operating companies or
market-based rates for Southern Power. 

Litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal
injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements such as air quality and water standards, has increased generally throughout the U.S. In particular, personal injury and other claims for damages caused by alleged
exposure to hazardous materials, and common law nuisance claims for injunctive relief and property damage allegedly caused by greenhouse gas and other emissions, have become more frequent. 

The ultimate cost impact of proposed and final legislation and regulations and litigation are likely to result in significant and additional costs and could result in additional operating restrictions.

The regional power market in which the Southern Company system competes may have changing transmission regulatory structures, which could
affect the ownership of these assets and related revenues and expenses. 

The traditional operating companies currently own and operate
transmission facilities as part of a vertically integrated utility. A small percentage of transmission revenues are collected through the wholesale electric tariff but the majority of transmission revenues are collected through retail
rates. Ongoing FERC efforts that may potentially change the regulatory and/or operational structure of transmission could have an adverse impact on future revenues. In addition, pending FERC regulation pertaining to cost allocation could
require Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries to subsidize costs outside of the Southern Company system’s retail service territory. The financial condition, net income, and cash flows of Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries
could be adversely affected by pending or future changes in the federal regulatory or operational structure of transmission. 

The
traditional operating companies and Southern Power could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards. 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, owners and operators of bulk power systems, including the traditional operating companies, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by the North
American Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC. Compliance with the mandatory reliability standards may subject the traditional operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company to higher operating costs and may result in
increased capital expenditures. In addition, the MATS rule imposes stringent emission limits for acid gases, mercury, and total particulate matter on coal- and oil-fired electric utility steam generating units. There is uncertainty regarding the
ability of the electric utility industry to achieve compliance with the requirements of the MATS rule within the compliance period, and the limited compliance period could significantly affect electric system reliability and thus impact the ability
of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to comply with mandatory reliability standards. If any traditional operating company or Southern Power is found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, such
traditional operating company or Southern Power could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

I-20

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

OPERATIONAL RISKS 

The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate
functions. 

The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of its
subsidiaries’ electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including: 

•

 operator error or failure of equipment or processes, particularly with older generating facilities; 

•

 operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; 

•

 labor disputes; 

•

 terrorist attacks; 

•

 fuel or material supply interruptions; 

•

 compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards; 

•

 implementation of technologies with which the Southern Company system is developing experience; 

•

 information technology system failure; 

•

 cyber intrusion; and 

•

 catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, droughts, hurricanes, pandemic health events such as influenzas, or other similar
occurrences. 

A decrease or elimination of revenues from the electric generation, transmission, or distribution facilities or
an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and cash flows and could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company. 

Changes in technology may make Southern Company’s electric generating facilities owned by the traditional operating companies and Southern Power
less competitive. 

A key element of the business model of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power is that
generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale and produces power at a competitive cost. There are distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar
cells. It is possible that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production. If this were to happen and if these
technologies achieved economies of scale, the market share of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power could be eroded, and the value of their respective electric generating facilities could be reduced. It is also possible that rapid
advances in central station power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional operating companies and Southern Power. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through
which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power. 

I-21

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, health, regulatory,
natural disasters, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of the nuclear units owned by Alabama Power or Georgia Power and which may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage. 

Alabama Power owns, and contracts for the operation of, two nuclear units and Georgia Power holds undivided interests in, and contracts for the operation
of, four existing nuclear units. The six existing units are operated by Southern Nuclear and represent approximately 3,680 MWs, or 8.4%, of Southern Company’s generation capacity as of December 31, 2011. In addition, Southern Nuclear, on
behalf of Georgia Power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4, which are expected to attain commercial operation in 2016 and 2017, respectively. Due solely to the increase in nuclear generating
capacity, the below risks are expected to increase once Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 are operational. Nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, health, and financial risks such as: 

•

 the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from a release of radioactive materials in connection with the operation of
nuclear facilities and the storage, handling, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel; 

•

 uncertainties with respect to the on-site storage of and the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel; 

•

 uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of licensed lives and the ability to
maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning; 

•

 limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the nuclear operations of
Alabama Power and Georgia Power or those of others in the United States; 

•

 potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities; 

•

 significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair of these facilities, including repairs and upgrades required
by the NRC; 

•

 the threat of a possible terrorist attack; and 

•

 the impact of a natural disaster. 

Alabama Power and Georgia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the
amount of insurance coverage. 

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the
operation of nuclear generation facilities. As a result of the major earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on March 11, 2011 and caused substantial damage to the nuclear generating units at the Fukushima Daiichi generating plant, the NRC is
performing additional operational and safety reviews of nuclear facilities in the U.S., which could potentially impact future operations and capital requirements. On July 12, 2011, a special NRC task force issued a report with initial
recommendations for enhancing nuclear reactor safety in the U.S., including potential changes in emergency planning, onsite backup generation, and spent fuel pools for reactors. The final form and the resulting impact of any changes to safety
requirements for nuclear reactors will be dependent on further review and action by the NRC and cannot be determined at this time. 

In the
event of non-compliance with NRC licensing and safety-related requirements, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. NRC orders
or regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Alabama Power and Georgia Power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. In
addition, although Alabama Power, Georgia Power, and Southern Company have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at the Southern Company system 

I-22

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

nuclear plants, if an incident did occur, it could result in substantial costs to Alabama Power or Georgia Power and Southern Company. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world
could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit. Moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the United States could require Alabama Power and Georgia Power to make material contributory
payments. 

In addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in increased nuclear licensing or
compliance costs that are difficult to predict. 

Physical or cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, could impact the ability of the
traditional operating companies and Southern Power to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. 

The traditional
operating companies and Southern Power face the risk of physical and cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, against their respective generation facilities, the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport power, and their
information technology systems and network infrastructure, which could negatively impact the ability of the traditional operating companies or Southern Power to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities
in the most efficient manner or at all. 

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power operate in a highly regulated industry that
requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the traditional operating companies and
Southern Power collect and retain sensitive information including personal identification information about customers and employees and other confidential information. Despite the implementation of security measures, all technology systems are
potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error or physical or cyber attacks. If the traditional operating companies’ or Southern Power’s technology systems were to fail or be breached and were not
recovered in a timely way, the traditional operating companies or Southern Power may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised. The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive
electronic data may also subject the applicable traditional operating company or Southern Power to penalties and claims from third parties. 

These events could negatively affect the financial results of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power through lost
revenues, costs to recover and repair damage, and costs associated with governmental actions in response to such attacks. 

The traditional
operating companies and Southern Power may not be able to obtain adequate fuel supplies, which could limit their ability to operate their facilities. 

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and biomass, from a number of suppliers. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including
disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the ability of the traditional operating companies
and Southern Power to operate their respective facilities, and thus reduce the net income of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern Company. 

The traditional operating companies are dependent on coal for much of their electric generating capacity. Each traditional operating company has coal supply contracts in place; however, there can be no
assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply coal to the traditional operating companies. The suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or technical problems which inhibit their
ability to fulfill their obligations to the traditional operating companies. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to the traditional operating companies under certain circumstances, such as in the
event of a natural disaster. If the traditional operating companies are unable to obtain their coal requirements under these contracts, the traditional operating companies may be required to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which
may not be fully recoverable through rates. 

In addition, the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to a greater extent are
dependent on natural gas for a portion of their electric generating capacity. Natural gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed, such as in the event of a hurricane. 

I-23

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

In addition, world market conditions for fuels can impact the cost and availability of natural gas, coal,
and uranium. 

The revenues of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power depend in part on sales under PPAs.
The failure of a counterparty to one of these PPAs to perform its obligations, or the failure to renew the PPAs, could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of
Southern Company. 

Most of Southern Power’s generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under PPAs. In addition, the traditional
operating companies enter into PPAs with non-affiliated parties. Revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations under these PPAs. Even though Southern Power and the traditional operating companies have a
rigorous credit evaluation process, the failure of one of the purchasers to perform its obligations could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern
Company. Although these credit evaluations take into account the possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a default by a purchaser may be greater than the credit evaluation predicts. Additionally, neither Southern Power nor any
traditional operating company can predict whether the PPAs will be renewed at the end of their respective terms or on what terms any renewals may be made. If a PPA is not renewed, a replacement PPA cannot be assured. 

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact Southern Company’s and its subsidiaries’ results
of operations. 

Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skillset to future needs, or unavailability
of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. Such operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development, especially with the workforce needs
associated with new nuclear and IGCC construction. Failure to hire and adequately obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future
availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect Southern Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to manage and operate their businesses. If Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies, are
unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

CONSTRUCTION RISKS 

Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power may incur additional costs or delays in the construction of new plants or other facilities and may not be able to recover their investments. Also, existing facilities of the
traditional operating companies and Southern Power require ongoing capital expenditures, including those to meet environmental standards. 

The businesses of the registrants require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new facilities and capital improvements to transmission,
distribution, and generation facilities, including those to meet environmental standards. Certain of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental
controls equipment at existing generating facilities. Southern Company intends to continue its strategy of developing and constructing other new facilities, including new nuclear generating, combined cycle, IGCC, and biomass generating units,
expanding existing facilities, and adding environmental control equipment. These types of projects are long-term in nature and may involve facility designs that have not been finalized or previously constructed. The completion of these types of
projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including: 

•

 shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor; 

•

 work stoppages; 

•

 contractor or supplier delay or non-performance under construction or other agreements; 

I-24

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 delays in or failure to receive necessary permits, approvals, and other regulatory authorizations; 

•

 impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations; 

•

 continued public and policymaker support for such projects; 

•

 adverse weather conditions; 

•

 unforeseen engineering problems; 

•

 changes in project design or scope; 

•

 environmental and geological conditions; 

•

 delays or increased costs to interconnect facilities to transmission grids; and 

•

 unanticipated cost increases, including materials and labor. 

In addition, with respect to the construction of new nuclear units and the operation of existing nuclear units, a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to delay or
prohibit construction of new nuclear units or require additional safety measures at new and existing units. As a result of the major earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on March 11, 2011 and caused substantial damage to the nuclear
generating units at the Fukushima Daiichi generating plant, the NRC is performing additional operational and safety reviews of nuclear facilities in the U.S., which could potentially impact future operations and capital requirements. On
July 12, 2011, a special NRC task force issued a report with initial recommendations for enhancing nuclear reactor safety in the U.S., including potential changes in emergency planning, onsite backup generation, and spent fuel pools for
reactors. The final form and the resulting impact of any changes to safety requirements for nuclear reactors will be dependent on further review and action by the NRC and cannot be determined at this time. 

If a traditional operating company or Southern Power is unable to complete the development or construction of a facility or decides to delay or cancel
construction of a facility, it may not be able to recover its investment in that facility and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts. Even if a construction project is completed, the
total costs may be higher than estimated and there is no assurance that the traditional operating company will be able to recover such expenditures through regulated rates. In addition, construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls can
result in the loss of revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the net income and financial position of a traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company. 

Construction delays also may result in the loss of otherwise available investment tax credits and other tax incentives. Furthermore, if construction projects are not completed according to specification,
a traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern Company may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs, and reduced net income. 

The two largest construction projects currently underway in the Southern Company system are the construction of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 and the construction of the Kemper IGCC. Southern Nuclear, on
behalf of Georgia Power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of and will operate Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. Georgia Power owns 45.7% of the new units, with a certified cost of approximately $6.1 billion. The Georgia PSC has
approved Georgia Power’s total costs of $1.7 billion for Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 incurred through June 30, 2011. Georgia Power will continue to file construction monitoring reports by February 28 and August 31 of each year
during the construction period. The COLs for Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 were received on February 10, 2012. Receipt of the COLs allows full construction to begin on Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4, which are expected to obtain commercial operation
in 2016 and 2017, respectively. During the course of construction activities, issues have materialized that may impact the project budget and schedule, including potential costs associated with compressing the project schedule to meet the projected
commercial operation dates. In addition, there have been technical and procedural challenges to the construction and licensing of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. Similar additional challenges at the state and federal level are expected as construction
proceeds. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. 

I-25

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

In addition, Mississippi Power is constructing the Kemper IGCC. In July 2010, Mississippi Power and SMEPA
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement whereby SMEPA agreed to purchase a 17.5% undivided ownership interest in the Kemper IGCC. The closing of this transaction is conditioned upon execution of a joint ownership and operating agreement, receipt of
all construction permits, appropriate regulatory approvals, financing, and other conditions. The estimated cost of the plant is $2.4 billion, net of $245 million of grants awarded to the project by the DOE under the Clean Coal Power Initiative Round
2. The Mississippi PSC order approving the Kemper IGCC included a construction cost cap of $2.88 billion (excluding the cost of the lignite mine equipment and the carbon dioxide pipeline facilities) and provides for the establishment of operational
cost and revenue parameters based upon the assumptions in Mississippi Power’s proposal. As of December 31, 2011, Mississippi Power had spent a total of approximately $943.3 million on the Kemper IGCC, including regulatory filing costs. The
ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. 

Once facilities come into commercial operation, ongoing capital
expenditures are required to maintain reliable levels of operation. Significant portions of the traditional operating companies’ existing facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generation equipment, even if maintained in accordance
with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide reliable operations. 

FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC, AND MARKET RISKS 

The generation operations and energy
marketing operations of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their control, including changes in power prices and fuel costs, that may reduce Southern
Company’s, the traditional operating companies’, and Southern Power’s revenues and increase costs. 

The generation
operations and energy marketing operations of the Southern Company system are subject to changes in power prices or fuel costs, which could increase the cost of producing power or decrease the amount received from the sale of power. The market
prices for these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. In addition, the proportion of natural gas generation to the total fuel mix is likely to increase in the future. The Southern Company system attempts to
mitigate risks associated with fluctuating fuel costs by passing these costs on to customers through the traditional operating companies’ fuel cost recovery clauses or through PPAs. Among the factors that could influence power prices and fuel
costs are: 

•

 prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, biomass, and other fuels used in the generation facilities of the traditional
operating companies and Southern Power, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities; 

•

 demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available from current or new competitors; 

•

 liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market; 

•

 weather conditions impacting demand for electricity; 

•

 seasonality; 

•

 transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies; 

•

 availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources; 

•

 forced or unscheduled plant outages for the Southern Company system, its competitors, or third party providers; 

I-26

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 the financial condition of market participants; 

•

 the economy in the service territory, the nation, and worldwide, including the impact of economic conditions on demand for electricity and the demand
for fuels; 

•

 natural disasters, wars, embargos, acts of terrorism, and other catastrophic events; and 

•

 federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation. 

Certain of these factors could increase the expenses of the traditional operating companies or Southern Power and Southern Company. For the traditional
operating companies, such increases may not be fully recoverable through rates. Other of these factors could reduce the revenues of the traditional operating companies or Southern Power and Southern Company. 

Historically, the traditional operating companies from time to time have experienced underrecovered fuel cost balances and deficits in their storm cost
recovery reserve balances and may experience such balances and deficits in the future. While the traditional operating companies are generally authorized to recover underrecovered fuel costs through fuel cost recovery clauses and storm recovery
costs through special rate provisions administered by the respective PSCs, recovery may be denied if costs are deemed to be imprudently incurred, and delays in the authorization of such recovery could negatively impact the cash flows of the affected
traditional operating company and Southern Company. 

Southern Company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and
to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to Southern Company. 

Southern
Company is a holding company and, as such, Southern Company has no operations of its own. Substantially all of Southern Company’s consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. Southern Company’s ability to meet its financial obligations
and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to Southern Company. Prior to funding Southern Company, Southern
Company’s subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends. Southern Company’s subsidiaries are separate legal
entities and have no obligation to provide Southern Company with funds. 

A downgrade in the credit ratings of Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, or Southern Power could negatively affect their ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or could require Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power to post collateral or
replace certain indebtedness. 

There are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power, including capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other commitments for capital. Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, and Southern Power could experience a downgrade in their ratings if any rating agency concludes that the level of business or financial risk of the industry or Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power has
deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. If one or more rating agencies downgrade Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power, borrowing costs
would increase, the pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and, particularly for any downgrade to below investment grade, significant collateral requirements may be triggered in a number of contracts. 

I-27

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The use of derivative contracts by Southern Company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of business
could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of Southern Company and its subsidiaries. 

Southern Company and its
subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and Southern Power, use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their commodity and interest rate exposures and, to a lesser extent, engage in
limited trading activities. Southern Company and its subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. These risks are managed through risk
management policies, limits, and procedures. These risk management policies, limits, and procedures might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. In addition, derivative contracts entered for
hedging purposes might not off-set the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial
instruments can involve management’s judgment or use of estimates. The factors used in the valuation of these instruments become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future these estimates are
made. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) enacted in July 2010 could impact the use of over-the-counter derivatives by Southern Company and its subsidiaries.
Regulations to implement the Dodd-Frank Act could impose additional requirements on the use of over-the-counter derivatives, such as margin and reporting requirements, which could affect both the use and cost of over-the-counter derivatives. The
impact, if any, cannot be determined until regulations are finalized. 

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern
Power are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment as well as the financial stability of the customers of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power. 

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in their applicable service territory and are thus impacted by the
economic cycles of the customers each serves. Any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets, both nationally and internationally, could negatively affect the financial stability of the customers and counterparties of the traditional
operating companies and Southern Power. As territories served by the traditional operating companies and Southern Power experience economic downturns, energy consumption patterns may change and revenues may be negatively impacted. Customer growth
and customer usage can be affected by economic factors in the service territory of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power and elsewhere, including, for example, job and income growth, housing starts, and new home prices. Adverse
economic conditions, a population decline, and/or business closings in the territory served by the traditional operating companies or Southern Power or slower than anticipated customer growth as a result of a recessionary economy or otherwise could
also have a negative impact on revenues and could result in greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. 

As with other parts of the
country, the territories served by the traditional operating companies and Southern Power have been impacted by the recent economic recession. The traditional operating companies have experienced residential and commercial sales that continue to be
below historical trends due to the recent economic recession. Southern Power is expected to continue to experience reduced future revenues for its requirements customers due to the recent economic recession. The timing and extent of the recovery
cannot be predicted. 

Stronger or more rapid than expected economic growth, coupled with the effects of current and future environmental
regulations applicable to the traditional operating companies or Southern Power, could impact the ability of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to meet the energy demands of their customers. Weaker or slower than expected
economic growth could have a negative impact on revenues, could result in greater expense for uncollected customer balances, and could adversely impact the value of generation assets of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power.

All of the factors discussed above could adversely affect Southern Company’s, the traditional operating companies’, and Southern
Power’s level of future net income. 

I-28

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Demand for power could exceed supply capacity, resulting in increased costs for purchasing capacity in
the open market or building additional generation facilities. 

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power are currently
obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term PPAs. At peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed the Southern Company system’s available generation capacity. Market or
competitive forces may require that the traditional operating companies or Southern Power purchase capacity on the open market or build additional generation facilities. Because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to pass
all of these purchase or construction costs on to their customers, the traditional operating companies may not be able to recover any of these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of
purchased or constructed capacity and the traditional operating companies’ recovery in customers’ rates. Under Southern Power’s long-term fixed price PPAs, Southern Power would not have the ability to recover any of these costs. These
situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and for Southern Company. 

Demand for power could decrease or fail to grow at expected rates, resulting in stagnant or reduced revenues, limited growth opportunities, and potentially stranded generation assets. 

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power each engage in a long-term planning process to determine the optimal mix and
timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations. This planning process must look many years into the future in order to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation
facilities. Inherent risk exists in predicting demand this far into the future as these future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including regional economic conditions, customer usage patterns, efficiency programs, and customer
technology adoption. Because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to adjust rates to recover the costs of new generation assets while such assets are being constructed, the traditional operating companies may not be able to
fully recover these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of additional capacity and the traditional operating companies’ recovery in customers’ rates. Under Southern
Power’s model of selling capacity and energy at negotiated market-based rates under long-term PPAs, Southern Power might not be able to fully execute its business plan if market prices drop below original forecasts. Southern Power may not be
able to extend its existing PPAs or to find new buyers for existing generation assets as existing PPAs expire, or it may be forced to market these assets at prices lower than originally intended. These situations could have negative impacts on net
income and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and for Southern Company. 

Energy conservation and
energy price increases could negatively impact financial results. 

Customers could voluntarily reduce their consumption of electricity in
response to decreases in their disposable income, increases in energy price, or individual conservation efforts. In addition, a number of regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed or introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy
consumption by certain dates. Conservation programs could impact the financial results of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power in different ways. For example, if any traditional operating company is required to
invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact on such traditional operating company and Southern
Company. 

Certain of the traditional operating companies actively promote energy conservation programs, which have been approved by their
respective state PSCs. Regulatory mechanisms have been established that provide for the recovery of costs related to such programs and lost revenues as a result of such programs. However, to the extent conservation results in reduced energy demand
or significantly slows the growth in demand beyond what is anticipated, the value of generation assets of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power and other unregulated business activities could be adversely impacted and the
traditional operating companies could be negatively impacted depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. In addition, the failure of those traditional operating companies who actively promote energy conservation programs to
achieve the energy conservation targets established by their respective state PSCs could negatively impact such traditional operating company’s ability to recover costs and receive certain benefits related to such programs. 

I-29

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Additionally, Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power could also be
negatively impacted if any future energy price increases result in a decrease in customer usage.

Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, and Southern Power are unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation and increases in energy prices will have on their respective financial condition or results of operations. 

The operating results of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate
on a seasonal and quarterly basis. In addition, significant weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, and droughts could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of the properties of the traditional operating companies and
Southern Power and could negatively impact results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity. 

Electric power supply is generally a
seasonal business. In many parts of the country, demand for power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time. In other areas, power demand peaks during the winter. As a result, the overall operating results of
Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, the traditional operating companies and Southern Power have historically sold less power when weather conditions
are milder. Unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, available cash, and borrowing ability of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power. 

In addition, volatile or significant weather events could result in substantial damage to the transmission and distribution lines of the traditional
operating companies and the generating facilities of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power. The traditional operating companies and Southern Power have significant investments in the Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions which could be
subject to major storm activity. Further, severe drought conditions can reduce the availability of water and restrict or prevent the operation of certain generating facilities. 

Each traditional operating company maintains a reserve for property damage to cover the cost of damages from weather events to its transmission and distribution lines and the cost of uninsured damages to
its generating facilities and other property. In the event a traditional operating company experiences any of these weather events or any natural disaster or other catastrophic event, recovery of costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is
subject to the approval of its state PSC. While the traditional operating companies generally are entitled to recover prudently incurred costs incurred in connection with such an event, any denial by the applicable state PSC or delay in recovery of
any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a traditional operating company’s and Southern Company’s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

In addition, damages resulting from significant weather events within the service territory of any traditional operating company or affecting Southern Power’s customers may result in the loss of
customers and reduced demand for electricity for extended periods. For example, Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast of Mississippi in 2005 and caused substantial damage within Mississippi Power’s service territory. As of December 31,
2011, Mississippi Power had over 8,300 fewer retail customers as compared to pre-storm levels due to obstacles in the rebuilding process as a result of the storm, coupled with the recessionary economy. Any significant loss of customers or reduction
in demand for electricity could have a material negative impact on a traditional operating company’s, Southern Power’s, and Southern Company’s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

I-30

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The business of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power is dependent on
their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions. The inability of Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power to access funds may limit its ability to execute its business plan
by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows. 

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets
as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. If Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power is not able to access capital at competitive
rates, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power may otherwise rely on to achieve
future earnings and cash flows. In addition, Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power rely on committed bank lending agreements as back-up liquidity which allows them to access low cost money markets. Each of
Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. However, certain market disruptions may increase the cost of
borrowing or adversely affect the ability to raise capital through the issuance of securities or other borrowing arrangements or the ability to secure committed bank lending agreements used as back-up sources of capital. Such disruptions could
include: 

•

 an economic downturn or uncertainty; 

•

 the bankruptcy or financial distress at an unrelated energy company, financial institution, or sovereign entity; 

•

 capital markets volatility and disruption, both nationally and internationally; 

•

 market prices for electricity and gas; 

•

 terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on Southern Company’s facilities or unrelated energy companies’ facilities;

•

 war or threat of war; or 

•

 the overall health of the utility and financial institution industries. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plans and nuclear decommissioning trust assets or may increase plan costs, which then could require significant additional
funding. 

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under Southern Company’s pension and
postretirement benefit plans and the assets held in trust to satisfy obligations to decommission Alabama Power’s and Georgia Power’s nuclear plants. Southern Company, Alabama Power, and Georgia Power have significant obligations in these
areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below projected return rates. A decline in the market value of these assets, as has been experienced
in prior periods, may increase the funding requirements relating to benefit plan liabilities of the Southern Company system and Alabama Power’s and Georgia Power’s nuclear decommissioning obligations. Additionally, changes in interest
rates affect the liabilities under pension and postretirement benefit plans of the Southern Company system; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including
increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. Southern Company and its subsidiaries are also facing rising medical
benefit costs, including the current costs for active and retired employees. It is possible that these costs may increase at a rate that is significantly higher than anticipated. If the Southern Company system is unable to successfully manage

I-31

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

benefit plan assets and medical benefit costs and Alabama Power and Georgia Power are unable to successfully manage the nuclear decommissioning trust funds, results of operations and financial
position could be negatively affected. 

Southern Company may be unable to recover its investment in its leveraged leases if a lessee fails
to profitably operate the leased assets. 

Southern Company has several leveraged lease agreements, with terms ranging up to 45 years, which
relate to international and domestic energy generation, distribution, and transportation assets. Southern Company receives federal income tax deductions for depreciation and amortization, as well as interest on long-term debt related to these
investments. Southern Company reviews all important lease assumptions at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that a change in assumptions has occurred or may occur. With respect to Southern
Company’s investments in leveraged leases, the recovery of its investment is dependent on the profitable operation of the leased assets by the respective lessees. A significant deterioration in the performance of the leased asset could result
in the impairment of the related lease receivable. 

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to
risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance. 

The financial condition of some insurance companies, the threat of
terrorism, and natural disasters, among other things, could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The availability of insurance covering risks that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, Southern Power, and their
respective competitors typically insure against may decrease, and the insurance that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, and more restrictive
policy terms. Further, while Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power maintain an amount of insurance protection that they consider adequate, there is no guarantee that the insurance policies selected by them will
cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred. 

Any losses not covered by insurance could adversely affect the
results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power. 

The
net income of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power could be negatively impacted by a wholesale electric market structure in which Southern Company could not be competitive with other market participants.

Competition at the wholesale level continues to evolve in the electricity markets. As a result of changes in federal law, regulatory
uncertainty, and industry restructuring, competing in the wholesale electricity markets has become more challenging. FERC rules related to transmission are intended to spur the development of new transmission infrastructure as well as facilitate
competition in the wholesale market by providing more choices to wholesale power customers, including initiatives designed to promote and encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. However, transmission regulation impacts
wholesale transaction structures, and generation regulation may impact wholesale markets. In addition to the impacts on transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations impact power hedging and trading based on
futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges as well as over-the-counter. Finally, technology changes in the power and fuel industries continue to create significant impacts to wholesale transaction cost
structures. Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power cannot predict the impact of these and other such developments, nor can they predict the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are
typically driven by factors beyond their control.