In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, including MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS – FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL in Item 7 of each registrant, and other documents filed by
Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries with the SEC from time to time, the following factors
should be carefully considered in evaluating Southern Company and its subsidiaries. Such factors
could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries.

Risks Related to the Energy Industry 

Southern Company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation.
Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals,
permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to Southern Company and its subsidiaries.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and Southern
Power, are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state, and local regulatory agencies.
Southern Company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and
to obtain numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from the governmental agencies that
regulate various aspects of their businesses, including customer rates, service regulations, retail
service territories, sales of securities, asset acquisitions and sales, accounting policies and
practices, and the operation of fossil-fuel, hydroelectric, and nuclear generating facilities. For
example, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional operating companies and by
Southern Power must be approved by the FERC and failure to maintain FERC market-based rate
authority may impact the rates charged to wholesale customers. Additionally, the respective state
PSCs must approve the traditional operating companies’ rates for retail customers. While the
retail rates approved by the respective state PSCs are designed to provide for recovery of costs
and a return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that a state PSC will not deem certain
costs to be imprudently incurred and not subject to recovery.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries believe the necessary permits, approvals, and certificates
have been obtained for their respective existing operations and that their respective businesses
are conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, the impact of any future revision or
changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations
applicable to Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries cannot now be predicted. Changes in
regulation or the imposition of additional regulations could influence the operating environment of
Southern Company and its subsidiaries and may result in substantial costs.

Risks Related to Environmental and Climate Change Legislation and Regulation

Southern Company’s and the traditional operating companies’ costs of compliance with environmental
laws are significant. The costs of compliance with future environmental laws, including laws and
regulations designed to address global climate change and renewable energy standards, and the
incurrence of environmental liabilities could affect unit retirement decisions and negatively
impact the net income, cash flows, and financial condition of Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, or Southern Power.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to extensive
federal, state, and local environmental requirements which, among other things, regulate air
emissions, water usage and discharges, and the management of hazardous and solid waste in order to
adequately protect the environment. Compliance with these legal requirements requires Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power to commit significant expenditures
for installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and
permits at all of their respective facilities. These expenditures are significant and Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power expect that they will increase in
the future. Through 2008, Southern Company had invested approximately $6.3 billion in capital
projects to comply with these requirements, with annual totals of $1.6 billion, $1.5 billion, and
$661 million for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Southern Company expects that capital
expenditures to assure compliance with existing and new statutes and regulations will be an
additional $1.4 billion, $737 million, and $871 million for 2009, 2010, and 2011, respectively.
Because Southern Company’s compliance strategy is impacted by changes to existing environmental

I-15

Table of Contents

laws, statutes, and regulations, the cost, availability, and existing inventory of emission
allowances, and Southern Company’s fuel mix, the ultimate outcome cannot be determined at this
time.

If Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power fails to comply with
environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, that failure may
result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines. The EPA has filed civil actions
against Alabama Power and Georgia Power alleging violations of the new source review provisions of
the Clean Air Act. Southern Company is a party to suits alleging emissions of carbon dioxide, a
greenhouse gas, contribute to global warming. An adverse outcome in any of these cases could
require substantial capital expenditures that cannot be determined at this time and could possibly
require payment of substantial penalties. Such expenditures could affect unit retirement and
replacement decisions, and results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition if such costs
are not recovered through regulated rates.

Litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage,
personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements, such
as opacity and air and water quality standards, has increased generally throughout the United
States. In particular, personal injury claims for damages caused by alleged exposure to hazardous
materials have become more frequent.

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws and regulations related to
global climate change, air quality, combustion byproducts, including coal ash, or other
environmental and health concerns may be adopted or become applicable to Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power. For example, federal legislative proposals
that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions and renewable energy standards
continue to be strongly considered in Congress, and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions has
been identified as a high priority by the current Administration. In addition, some states,
including Florida, are considering or have undertaken actions to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. In 2007, the U. S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA has authority to regulate
greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles. The EPA is currently developing its response to
this decision. Regulatory decisions that will follow from this response may have implications for
both new and existing stationary sources, such as power plants.

New or revised laws and regulations or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such
as those related to climate change, could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and/or
result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on the facilities of the
traditional operating companies or Southern Power or increased compliance costs which may not be
fully recoverable from customers and would therefore reduce the net income of Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, or Southern Power. The cost impact of such legislation,
regulation, or new interpretations would depend upon the specific requirements enacted and cannot
be determined at this time.

General Risks Related to Operation of Southern Company’s Utility Subsidiaries

The regional power market in which Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries compete may have
changing transmission regulatory structures, which could affect the ownership of these assets and
related revenues and expenses.

The traditional operating companies currently own and operate transmission facilities as part of a
vertically integrated utility. Transmission revenues are not separated from generation and
distribution revenues in their approved retail rates. Current FERC efforts that may potentially
change the regulatory and/or operational structure of transmission include rules related to the
standardization of generation interconnection, as well as an inquiry into, among other things,
market power by vertically integrated utilities. The financial condition, net income, and cash
flows of Southern Company and its utility subsidiaries could be adversely affected by future
changes in the federal regulatory or operational structure of transmission.

Deregulation or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition and
unrecovered costs which could negatively impact the net income of Southern Company and the
traditional operating companies and the value of their respective assets.

Increased competition resulting from restructuring efforts could have a significant adverse
financial impact on Southern Company and the traditional operating companies. Any adoption in the
territories served by the traditional

I-16

Table of Contents

operating companies of retail competition and the unbundling of regulated energy service could have
a significant adverse financial impact on Southern Company and the traditional operating companies
due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins, an inability to
recover reasonable costs, or increased costs of capital. Southern Company and the traditional
operating companies cannot predict if or when they may be subject to changes in legislation or
regulation, nor can Southern Company and the traditional operating companies predict the impact of
these changes.

Additionally, the electric utility industry has experienced a substantial increase in competition
at the wholesale level. As a result of changes in federal law and regulatory policy, competition
in the wholesale electricity market has greatly increased due to a greater participation by
traditional electricity suppliers, non-utility generators, IPPs, wholesale power marketers, and
brokers and due to the trading of energy futures contracts on various commodities exchanges. In
addition, FERC rules on transmission service are designed to facilitate competition in the
wholesale market on a nationwide basis by providing greater flexibility and more choices to
wholesale power customers.

Changes to the criteria used by the FERC for approval of market-based rate authority may negatively
impact the traditional operating companies’ and Southern Power’s ability to charge market-based
rates which could negatively impact the net income and cash flow of Southern Company, the
traditional operating companies, and Southern Power.

Each of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power have authorization from the FERC to
sell power to nonaffiliates, including short-term opportunity sales, at market-based prices.
Specific FERC approval must be obtained with respect to a market-based sale to an affiliate.

In 2004, the FERC initiated a proceeding to assess Southern Company’s generation dominance within
its retail service territory. The ability to charge market-based rates in other markets is not an
issue in the proceeding. Any new market-based rate sales by any subsidiary of Southern Company in
Southern Company’s retail service territory entered into during a 15-month refund period that ended
in May 2006 could be subject to refund to a cost-based rate level.

In November 2007, the presiding administrative law judge issued an initial decision regarding the
methodology to be used in the generation dominance tests. The proceedings are ongoing. The
ultimate outcome of this generation dominance proceeding cannot now be determined, but an adverse
decision by the FERC in a final order could require the traditional operating companies and
Southern Power to charge cost-based rates for certain wholesale sales in the Southern Company
retail service territory, which may be lower than negotiated market-based rates, and could also
result in total refunds of up to $19.7 million, plus interest. Southern Company and its
subsidiaries believe that there is no meritorious basis for an adverse decision in this proceeding
and are vigorously defending themselves in this matter.

In June 2007, the FERC issued its final rule in Order No. 697 regarding market-based rate
authority. The FERC generally retained its current market-based rate standards. Responding to a
number of requests for rehearing, the FERC issued Order No. 697-A on April 21, 2008 and Order No.
697-B on December 12, 2008. These orders largely affirmed the FERC’s prior revision and
codification of the regulations governing market-based rates for public utilities. In accordance
with the orders, Southern Company submitted to the FERC an updated market power analysis on
September 2, 2008 related to its continued market-based rate authority. The ultimate outcome of
this matter cannot now be determined.

On October 17, 2008, Southern Company filed with the FERC a revised market-based rate (MBR) tariff
and a new cost-based rate (CBR) tariff.   The revised MBR tariff provides for a “must offer” energy
auction whereby Southern Company offers all of its available energy for sale in a day-ahead auction
and an hour-ahead auction with reserve prices not to exceed the CBR tariff price, after considering
Southern Company’s native load requirements, reliability obligations, and sales commitments to
third parties. All sales under the energy auction would be at market clearing prices established
under the auction rules. The new CBR tariff provides for a cost-based price for wholesale sales of
less than a year. On December 18, 2008, the FERC issued an order conditionally accepting the MBR
tariff subject to certain revisions to the auction proposal. On January 21, 2009, Southern Company
made a compliance filing that accepted all the conditions of the MBR tariff order. When this order
becomes final, Southern Company will have 30 days to implement the wholesale auction. On December
31, 2008, the FERC issued an order conditionally accepting

I-17

Table of Contents

the CBR tariff subject to providing additional information. On January 30, 2009, Southern Company
filed a response addressing the FERC inquiry to the CBR tariff order. Implementation of the energy
auction in accordance with the MBR tariff order is expected to adequately mitigate going forward
any presumption of market power that Southern Company may have in the Southern Company retail
service territory. The timing of when the FERC may issue final orders on the MBR and CBR tariffs
and the ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time.

Risks Related to Southern Company and its Business

Southern Company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay
dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay
funds to Southern Company.

Southern Company is a holding company and, as such, Southern Company has no operations of its own.
Substantially all of Southern Company’s consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. Southern
Company’s ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is
primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay
upstream dividends or to repay funds to Southern Company. Prior to funding Southern Company,
Southern Company’s subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among
others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends. Southern Company’s subsidiaries
are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide Southern Company with funds for its
payment obligations.

The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if
they are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions.

The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful
operation of its subsidiaries’ electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities.
Operating these facilities involves many risks, including:

•

operator error or failure of equipment or processes;

•

operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory
requirements;

•

labor disputes;

•

terrorist attacks;

•

fuel or material supply interruptions;

•

compliance with mandatory reliability standards;

•

information technology system failure; and

•

catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, droughts,
hurricanes, pandemic health events such as an avian influenza, or other similar
occurrences.

A decrease or elimination of revenues from the electric generation, transmission, or distribution
facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and
cash flows and could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected traditional operating
company or Southern Power and of Southern Company.

The traditional operating companies could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of
mandatory reliability standards.

As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, owners and operators of bulk power transmission
systems, including the traditional operating companies, are subject to mandatory reliability
standards enacted by the North American

I-18

Table of Contents

Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC. Compliance with the mandatory reliability
standards may subject the traditional operating companies and Southern Company to higher operating
costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If any traditional operating company is
found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, the traditional operating
company could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.

The revenues of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power depend in
part on sales under PPAs. The failure of a counterparty to one of these PPAs to perform its
obligations, or the failure to renew the PPAs, could have a negative impact on the net income and
cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company.

Most of Southern Power’s generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under PPAs. In addition,
the traditional operating companies enter into PPAs with non-affiliated parties. Revenues are
dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations under these PPAs.
Even though Southern Power and the traditional operating companies have a rigorous credit
evaluation process, the failure of one of the purchasers to perform its obligations could have a
negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or
Southern Power and of Southern Company. Although these credit evaluations take into account the
possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a default by a purchaser may be greater
than the credit evaluation predicts. Additionally, neither Southern Power nor any traditional
operating company can predict whether the PPAs will be renewed at the end of their respective terms
or on what terms any renewals may be made. If a PPA is not renewed, a replacement PPA cannot be
assured.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power may incur additional
costs or delays in the construction of new plants or other facilities and may not be able to
recover their investment. The facilities of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power
require ongoing capital expenditures.

The businesses of the registrants require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new
facilities and capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities,
including those to meet environmental standards. Certain of the traditional operating companies
and Southern Power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding
environmental controls equipment at existing generating facilities. Southern Company intends to
continue its strategy of developing and constructing other new facilities, including proposed new
nuclear generating units and a proposed integrated coal gasification combined cycle facility,
expanding existing facilities, and adding environmental control equipment. These types of projects
are long-term in nature and may involve facility designs that have not been finalized or previously
constructed. The completion of these types of projects without delays or cost overruns is subject
to substantial risks, including:

•

shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor;

•

work stoppages;

•

contractor or supplier non-performance under construction or other agreements;

•

delays in or failure to receive necessary permits, approvals, and other regulatory
authorizations;

•

impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and
regulations;

•

adverse weather conditions;

•

unforeseen engineering problems;

•

changes in project design or scope;

•

environmental and geological conditions;

I-19

Table of Contents

•

delays or increased costs to interconnect facilities to transmission grids;

•

unanticipated cost increases, including materials and labor; and

•

attention to other projects.

If a traditional operating company or Southern Power is unable to complete the development or
construction of a facility or decides to delay or cancel construction of a facility, it may not be
able to recover its investment in that facility and may incur substantial cancellation payments
under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts. Even if a construction project is
completed, the total costs may be higher than estimated and there is no assurance that the
traditional operating company will be able to recover such expenditures through regulated rates.
In addition, construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls can result in the loss of
revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the net income and financial position of a traditional
operating company or Southern Power and of Southern Company. Furthermore, if construction projects
are not completed according to specification, a traditional operating company or Southern Power and
Southern Company may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs,
and reduced net income.

Once facilities come into commercial operation, ongoing capital expenditures are required to
maintain reliable levels of operation. Significant portions of the traditional operating
companies’ existing facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generation equipment, even
if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to
provide reliable operations.

Changes in technology may make Southern Company’s electric generating facilities owned by the
traditional operating companies and Southern Power less competitive.

A key element of the business model of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and
Southern Power is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale
and produces power at a competitive cost. There are distributed generation technologies that
produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar cells. It is possible
that advances in technology will reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a
level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production. If this were
to happen and if these technologies achieved economies of scale, the market share of Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power could be eroded, and the value of
their respective electric generating facilities could be reduced. It is also possible that rapid
advances in central station power generation technology could reduce the value of the current
electric generating facilities owned by Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and
Southern Power. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric
customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of
Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, or Southern Power.

Operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, health,
regulatory, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of Southern
Company’s nuclear units owned by Alabama Power or Georgia Power and which may present potential
exposures in excess of insurance coverage.

Alabama Power owns two nuclear units and Georgia Power holds undivided interests in, and contracts
for operation of, four nuclear units. These six units are operated by Southern Nuclear and
represent approximately 3,680 megawatts, or 8.6%, of Southern Company’s generation capacity as of
December 31, 2008. These nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, health, and financial
risks such as on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear
fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, potential liabilities arising
out of the operation of these facilities, and the threat of a possible terrorist attack. Alabama
Power and Georgia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize
the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount
of insurance coverage.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements
for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has
the authority to impose fines

I-20

Table of Contents

or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until
compliance is achieved. NRC orders or regulations related to increased security measures and any
future safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Alabama Power and Georgia Power to
make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although
Alabama Power, Georgia Power, and Southern Company have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear
incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could result in substantial costs to Alabama
Power or Georgia Power and Southern Company. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in
the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic
nuclear unit.

In addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in
increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs that are difficult or impossible to predict.

The generation operations and energy marketing operations of Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their
control, including changes in power prices and fuel costs, that may reduce Southern Company’s, the
traditional operating companies’, and Southern Power’s revenues and increase costs.

The generation operations and energy marketing operations of Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to changes in power prices or fuel costs, which
could increase the cost of producing power or decrease the amount Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power receive from the sale of power. The market prices for
these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. Southern
Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power attempt to mitigate risks
associated with fluctuating fuel costs by passing these costs on to customers through the
traditional operating companies’ fuel cost recovery clauses or through PPAs. Among the factors
that could influence power prices and fuel costs are:

•

prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and other
fuels used in the generation facilities of the traditional operating companies and
Southern Power including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such
commodities;

•

demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available
from current or new competitors;

•

liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;

•

weather conditions impacting demand for electricity;

•

seasonality;

•

transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies;

•

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;

•

forced or unscheduled plant outages for the Southern Company system, its
competitors, or third party providers;

•

the financial condition of market participants;

•

the economy in the service territory, the nation, and worldwide, including the
impact of economic conditions on industrial and commercial demand for electricity and
the worldwide demand for fuels;

•

natural disasters, wars, embargos, acts of terrorism, and other catastrophic
events; and

•

federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
legislation.

Certain of these factors could increase the expenses of the traditional operating companies or
Southern Power and

I-21

Table of Contents

Southern Company. For the traditional operating companies, such increases may not be fully
recoverable through rates. Other of these factors could reduce the revenues of the traditional
operating companies or Southern Power and Southern Company.

The traditional operating companies have experienced underrecovered fuel cost balances and deficits
in their storm cost recovery reserve balances and may continue to experience such balances in the
future. While the traditional operating companies are generally authorized to recover
underrecovered fuel costs through fuel cost recovery clauses and storm recovery costs through
special rate provisions administered by the respective PSCs, recovery may be denied if costs are
deemed to be imprudently incurred and delays in the authorization of such recovery could negatively
impact the cash flows of the affected traditional operating company and Southern Company.

The use of derivative contracts by Southern Company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of
business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of Southern Company
and its subsidiaries.

Southern Company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and Southern
Power, use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their
commodity and interest rate risks and, to a lesser extent, engage in limited trading activities.
Southern Company and its subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in
the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. In the absence of
actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these
financial instruments can involve management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes
in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the
reported fair value of these contracts.

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power may not be able to obtain adequate fuel
supplies, which could limit their ability to operate their facilities.

The traditional operating companies and Southern Power purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas,
uranium, and fuel oil, from a number of suppliers. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including
disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations,
force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could
limit the ability of the traditional operating companies and Southern Power to operate their
respective facilities, and thus reduce the net income of the affected traditional operating company
or Southern Power and Southern Company.

The traditional operating companies are dependent on coal for much of their electric generating
capacity. Each traditional operating company has coal supply contracts in place; however, there
can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to
supply coal to the traditional operating companies. The suppliers under these agreements may
experience financial or technical problems which inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations
to the traditional operating companies. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not
be required to supply coal to the traditional operating companies under certain circumstances, such
as in the event of a natural disaster. If the traditional operating companies are unable to obtain
their coal requirements under these contracts, the traditional operating companies may be required
to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which may not be fully recoverable through
rates.

In addition, Southern Power in particular, and the traditional operating companies to a lesser
extent, are dependent on natural gas for a portion of their electric generating capacity. Natural
gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed,
such as in the event of a hurricane.

In addition, world market conditions for fuels can impact the availability of natural gas, coal,
and uranium.

Demand for power could exceed supply capacity, resulting in increased costs for purchasing capacity
in the open market or building additional generation capabilities.

Through the traditional operating companies and Southern Power, Southern Company is currently
obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term PPAs. At
peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed Southern Company’s
available generation capacity. Market or

I-22

Table of Contents

competitive forces may require that the traditional operating companies or Southern Power purchase
capacity on the open market or build additional generation capabilities. Because regulators may
not permit the traditional operating companies to pass all of these purchase or construction costs
on to their customers, the traditional operating companies may not be able to recover any of these
costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of
costs of purchased or constructed capacity and the traditional operating companies’ recovery in
customers’ rates. Under Southern Power’s long-term fixed price PPAs, Southern Power would not have
the ability to recover any of these costs. These situations could have negative impacts on net
income and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern
Company.

Demand for power could decrease or fail to grow at expected rates, resulting in stagnant or reduced
revenues, limited growth opportunities, and potentially stranded generation assets.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power collectively engage in a
long-term planning process to determine the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets
required to serve future load obligations. This planning process must look many years into the
future in order to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction
of new generation facilities. Inherent risk exists in predicting demand this far into the future
as these future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including regional economic
conditions, customer usage patterns, efficiency programs, and customer technology adoption.
Because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to adjust rates to recover
the costs of new generation assets while such assets are being constructed, the traditional
operating companies may not be able to fully recover these costs or may have exposure to regulatory
lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of additional capacity and the
traditional operating companies’ recovery in customers’ rates. Under Southern Power’s model of
selling capacity and energy at negotiated market-based rates under long-term PPAs, Southern Power
might not be able to fully execute its business plan if market prices drop below original
forecasts. Southern Power may not be able to extend its existing PPAs or to find new buyers for
existing generation assets as existing PPAs expire, or it may be forced to market these assets at
prices lower than originally intended. These situations could have negative impacts on net income
and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or Southern Power and Southern
Company.

The operating results of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power
are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis.

Electric power supply is generally a seasonal business. In many parts of the country, demand for
power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time. In other
areas, power demand peaks during the winter. As a result, the overall operating results of
Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power in the future may
fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, and Southern Power have historically sold less power when weather conditions
are milder. Unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, available
cash, and borrowing ability of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern
Power.

Mirant and The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Mirant Corporation have filed a claim
against Southern Company seeking substantial monetary damages in connection with transfers made by
Mirant to Southern Company prior to the Mirant spin-off. An adverse outcome of this litigation
could negatively impact the net income and cash flows of Southern Company.

Mirant was an energy company with businesses that included independent power projects and energy
trading and risk management companies in the U.S. and selected other countries. It was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Southern Company until its initial public offering in October 2000. In
April 2001, Southern Company completed a spin-off to its shareholders of its remaining ownership,
and Mirant became an independent corporate entity.

In July 2003, Mirant and certain of its affiliates filed for voluntary reorganization under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. In January 2006, Mirant’s plan of reorganization became
effective, and Mirant emerged from bankruptcy. As part of the plan, Mirant transferred
substantially all of its assets and its restructured debt to a new corporation that adopted the
name Mirant Corporation (Reorganized Mirant).

I-23

Table of Contents

In December 2004, as a result of concluding an IRS audit for the tax years 2000 and 2001, Southern
Company paid approximately $39 million in additional tax and interest related to Mirant tax items
and filed a claim in Mirant’s bankruptcy case for that amount. Through December 2008, Southern
Company received from the IRS approximately $38 million in refunds related to Mirant. Southern
Company believes it has a right to recoup the $39 million tax payment owed by Mirant from such tax
refunds. As a result, Southern Company intends to retain the tax refunds and reduce its claim
against Mirant for the payment of Mirant taxes by the amount of such refunds.  MC Asset Recovery, a
special purpose subsidiary of Reorganized Mirant, has objected to and sought to equitably
subordinate the Southern Company tax claim in its fraudulent transfer litigation against Southern
Company.  Southern Company has reserved the remaining amount with respect to its Mirant tax claim.

If Southern Company is ultimately required to make any additional payments either with respect to
the IRS audit or its contingent obligations under guarantees of Mirant subsidiaries, Mirant’s
indemnification obligation to Southern Company for these additional payments, if allowed, would
constitute unsecured claims against Mirant, entitled to stock in Reorganized Mirant. The final
outcome of this matter cannot now be determined.

In June 2005, Mirant, as a debtor in possession, and The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors
of Mirant Corporation filed a complaint against Southern Company in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Northern District of Texas, which was amended in July 2005, February 2006, May 2006, and March
2007. In January 2006, MC Asset Recovery was substituted as plaintiff. The fourth amended
complaint (the complaint) alleges that Southern Company caused Mirant to engage in certain
fraudulent transfers and to pay illegal dividends to Southern Company prior to the spin-off. The
complaint also seeks to recharacterize certain advances from Southern Company to Mirant for
investments in energy facilities from debt to equity. The complaint further alleges that Southern
Company is liable to Mirant’s creditors for the full amount of Mirant’s liability under an alter
ego theory of recovery and that Southern Company breached its fiduciary duties to Mirant and its
creditors, caused Mirant to breach its fiduciary duties to creditors, and aided and abetted
breaches of fiduciary duties by Mirant’s directors and officers. The complaint also seeks
recoveries under the theories of restitution and unjust enrichment. In addition, the complaint
alleged a claim under the Federal Debt Collection Procedure Act (FDCPA) to avoid certain transfers
from Mirant to Southern Company; however, on July 7, 2008, the court ruled that the FDCPA does not
apply and that Georgia law should apply instead. The complaint seeks monetary damages in excess of
$2 billion plus interest, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. Finally, the complaint
includes an objection to Southern Company’s pending claims against Mirant in the Bankruptcy Court
(which relate to reimbursement under the separation agreements of payments such as income taxes,
interest, legal fees, and other guarantees described in Note 7 to the financial statements of
Southern Company in Item 8 herein) and seeks equitable subordination of Southern Company’s claims
to the claims of all other creditors. Southern Company served an answer to the complaint in April
2007.

In February 2006, the Company’s motion to transfer the case to the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia was granted. In May 2006, Southern Company filed a motion for summary
judgment seeking entry of judgment against the plaintiff as to all counts in the complaint. In
December 2006, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia granted in part and
denied in part the motion. As a result, certain breach of fiduciary duty claims alleged in earlier
versions of the complaint were barred; all other claims were allowed to proceed. On August 6,
2008, Southern Company filed a second motion for summary judgment. MC Asset Recovery filed its
response to Southern Company’s motion for summary judgment on October 20, 2008. On February 5,
2009, the court denied Southern Company’s summary judgment motion in connection with the fraudulent
conveyance and illegal dividend claims concerning certain advance return/loan repayments in 1999,
dividends in 1999 and 2000, and transfers in connection with Mirant’s separation from Southern
Company. The court granted the motion with respect to certain claims, including claims for
restitution and unjust enrichment, claims that Southern Company aided and abetted Mirant’s
directors’ breach of fiduciary duties to Mirant, and claims that Southern Company used Mirant as an
alter ego. In addition, the court granted Southern Company’s motion in connection with the
fraudulent transfer and illegal dividend claims concerning certain turbine termination payments.
Southern Company believes there is no meritorious basis for the claims in the complaint and is
vigorously defending itself in this action. See Note 3 to the financial statements of Southern
Company under “Mirant Matters – MC Asset Recovery Litigation” in Item 8 herein. The ultimate
outcome of these matters cannot now be determined at this time.

I-24

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Market and Economic Volatility

The business of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power is
dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial
institutions. The inability of Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern
Power to access funds may limit its ability to execute its business plan by impacting its ability
to fund capital investments or acquisitions that Southern Company, the traditional operating
companies, or Southern Power may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power rely on access to both
short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for
capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. If Southern
Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power is not able to access capital at
competitive rates, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited by impacting its
ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, or Southern Power may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash
flows. In addition, Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power rely
on committed bank lending agreements as back-up liquidity which allows them to access low cost
money markets. Each of Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power
believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current
credit ratings. However, certain market disruptions or a downgrade of the credit rating of
Southern Company, any traditional operating company, or Southern Power may increase its cost of
borrowing, adversely affect its ability to raise capital through the issuance of securities or
other borrowing arrangements or its ability to secure committed bank lending agreements used as
back-up sources of capital. Such disruptions could include:

•

an economic downturn or uncertainty;

•

the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company or financial institution;

•

capital markets volatility and interruption;

•

financial institution distress;

•

market prices for electricity and gas;

•

terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on Southern Company’s facilities or
unrelated energy companies’ facilities;

•

war or threat of war; or

•

the overall health of the utility and financial institution industries.

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plans and decommissioning
trust assets, which then could require significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under
Southern Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans and the assets held in trust to satisfy
obligations to decommission Alabama Power’s and Georgia Power’s nuclear plants. Southern Company,
Alabama Power, and Georgia Power have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant
assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain
returns, which may fall below projected return rates. A decline in the market value of these
assets, as has been experienced in prior periods, may increase the funding requirements relating to
Southern Company’s benefit plan liabilities and Alabama Power’s and Georgia Power’s decommissioning
obligations. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Southern
Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities
increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including
increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the
funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. If Southern Company
is unable to successfully manage benefit plan assets and Alabama Power and Georgia

I-25

Table of Contents

Power are unable to successfully manage the decommissioning trust funds, results of operations and
financial position could be negatively affected.

Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and Southern Power are subject to risks
associated with a changing economic environment, which could impact their ability to obtain
adequate insurance and the financial stability of the customers of the traditional operating
companies and Southern Power.

The financial condition of some insurance companies, the threat of terrorism, and the hurricanes
that affected the Gulf Coast, among other things, have had disruptive effects on the insurance
industry. The availability of insurance covering risks that Southern Company, the traditional
operating companies, Southern Power, and their respective competitors typically insure against may
decrease, and the insurance that Southern Company, the traditional operating companies, and
Southern Power are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, and more
restrictive policy terms. Additionally, any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets
could negatively affect the financial stability of the customers and counterparties of the
traditional operating companies and Southern Power. These factors could adversely affect Southern
Company’s subsidiaries’ ability to maintain energy sales, thereby decreasing Southern Company’s
level of future net income.

Certain of the traditional operating companies have substantial investments in the Atlantic or Gulf
Coast regions which can be subject to major storm activity. The ability of the traditional
operating companies to recover costs and replenish reserves in the event of a major storm, other
natural disaster, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event generally will require regulatory
action.

Each traditional operating company maintains a reserve for property damage to cover the cost of
damages from major storms to its transmission and distribution lines and the cost of uninsured
damages to its generating facilities and other property. In the event a traditional operating
company experiences a natural disaster, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event, recovery of
costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is subject to the approval of its state PSC.
While the traditional operating companies generally are entitled to recover prudently incurred
costs incurred in connection with such an event, any denial by the applicable state PSC or delay in
recovery of any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a traditional
operating company’s and Southern Company’s results of operations and/or cash flows.