,
”
 of this document, and should be considered an integral part of Part II, Item 7, 
“
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
”
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and Solventum assumes no obligation to update or revise such statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.

5

Table of

Contents

SOLVENTUM CORPORATION

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024

PART I

Item 1. Business

Solventum Corporation (“Solventum,
”
 or the “Company
”
), is a leading global healthcare company developing, manufacturing, and commercializing a broad portfolio of solutions that leverages deep material science, data science, and digital capabilities to address critical customer and patient needs. We constantly seek to enable the improvement of standards of care and move healthcare forward with innovation powered by insights, clinical intelligence, technology, and manufacturing expertise. Our 70+ year history of discovering and innovating advanced solutions has helped us solve our customers’ toughest challenges. 

Our solutions are relied on every day within the global healthcare industry to deliver higher-quality patient care, more efficient processes and workflows, and improved standards of safety and accuracy. Additionally, our products and services are present along a patient’s journey through prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and recovery. 

Our business possesses strong customer relationships, a broad, wide-ranging, and well-known portfolio of brands, differentiated technology, and manufacturing expertise. We serve a diverse customer base, ranging from multidisciplinary hospitals and local clinics/practices to biopharmaceutical manufacturers. Our long-tenured and collaborative customer relationships globally give us unique insights into their needs and preferences. These insights inform our innovation processes, drive stronger customer retention, and create multiple avenues for further customer engagement. 

Business Segments

We are organized into four operating business segments that are aligned with the markets we serve.

MedSurg (56.2% of 2024 total sales)
 is a provider of solutions including negative pressure wound therapy, advanced wound dressings, advanced skin care, I.V. site management, sterilization assurance, temperature management, surgical supplies, medical tapes and wraps, stethoscopes, medical electrodes, and medical technologies Original Equipment Manufacturer (“OEM
”)
. These solutions are designed to accelerate healing, prevent complications, and lower the total cost of care. Additionally, our comprehensive range of surgical solutions are designed to mitigate a patient’s risk of infection or complications.

Dental Solutions (15.7% of 2024 total sales)
 is a provider of a comprehensive suite of dental and orthodontic products including brackets, aligners, restorative cements, and bonding agents that span the “life of the tooth,” including products designed for preventative dental care, direct and indirect restoration, and broad orthodontic needs.

Health Information Systems (15.8% of 2024 total sales)
 provides healthcare systems with software solutions – including computer-assisted physician documentation, direct-to-bill and coding automation, classification methodologies, speech recognition, and data visualization platforms – that are designed to eliminate revenue cycle waste, create more time for patient care, and support value-based care. These solutions are designed to ensure accuracy of reimbursement and reduce the administrative burden that clinicians face.

Purification and Filtration (11.6% of 2024 total sales) 
is a provider of purification and filtration technologies including filters, purifiers, cartridges, and membranes. These solutions are designed to simplify purification processes, reduce debris and bioburden in fluids, and remove contaminants to enable the development and manufacturing of biopharmaceutical and medical technology treatments and provide cleaner water.

Acquisitions

As part of our business strategy, Solventum intends to monitor its business portfolio and organizational structure and may make acquisitions that expand or enhance its organizational structure. 

Research and Development Activities

Our Research and Development (“R&D
”
) activities are focused on developing new solutions that are clinically supported and differentiated as well as improving on our marketed solutions to address evolving customer needs and enable better outcomes and access for patients. Our R&D capabilities include R&D organizations that operate within each of our business segments, as well as R&D capabilities spanning across our business segments.

Our business segment R&D organizations are responsible for the full product development life cycle, leveraging industry insights, domain-specific expertise in end-to-end product development, and a detailed understanding of customer applications 

6

Table of

Contents

and usability to innovate in both new and marketed products. Our cross-segment capabilities include building new shared technologies and advancing existing shared technologies. We believe that collaboration across our organization further enhances our R&D capabilities by encouraging the sharing of best practices, enabling collaborative development and issue resolution, promoting synergies in development and manufacturing, and creating a broad culture of exploration.

Our R&D team consists of approximately 2,000 employees, including research scientists, chemical engineers, data scientists, software engineers, application development engineers and product developers. They are supported by a team of accomplished clinicians from our medical affairs group. We partner with our medical affairs group to enhance our clinical insight and expand awareness of clinical studies regarding our solutions by increasing both the number of peer-reviewed publications and the visibility for existing publications that address our solutions.

Intellectual Property

Development and protection of our proprietary technologies through IP rights is a strategic priority for our business. To protect our proprietary technologies, Solventum relies on a combination of patent, design, utility model, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protections as well as regulatory exclusivity periods and confidentiality agreements. Our IP team collaborates with our R&D and product teams to develop product line focused IP strategies and secure IP rights as appropriate. We generally file patent applications in the United States and foreign countries that have strong technology patent protections. We also license from third parties IP that complements our internal R&D efforts and product offerings. While, in aggregate, our patents and other IP are vital to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole; rather, we believe understanding our customers’ needs, technology expertise, and manufacturing know-how are critical for our business.

Competitors

We operate in highly competitive markets across our segments and product categories throughout the world. Our ability to compete effectively is contingent upon several factors, including but not limited to our ability to deliver differentiated clinical and economic outcomes for our customers.

In the MedSurg segment, our advanced wound care market is highly competitive, particularly in the United States and Europe, with our principal competitors including Smith & Nephew, Medela, Mölnlycke, Coloplast, and Convatec. Our infection prevention and surgical supplies solutions are offered in highly competitive and fragmented end markets, especially in the United States and Europe. Our principal competitors in this segment include Becton Dickinson, Hartmann, ICU Medical, Medline, Cardinal Health, Fortive, Steris, MDF Instruments, and BSN. 

The dental market is highly competitive, with players ranging from very large broad-based multinational companies to localized or specialized suppliers and start-ups. Principal multinational competitors within the oral care market include Dentsply Sirona, Envista, and Straumann, all of which compete with both dental and orthodontic solutions, and Ivoclar, which competes with only dental solution offerings, and Align Technology, which competes with only orthodontic solution offerings. 

The health care software technology market in which we conduct our business, and the healthcare information technology (“HCIT
”
) industry in general, is highly competitive and dynamic, characterized by the continual introduction of new products and technologies. Principal competitors include Optum, Microsoft (Nuance), Epic, Cerner, Athena, and a host of start-up technologies actively working to disrupt the areas of revenue cycle management and clinician productivity. In the United States, the market for value-based care software solutions is highly fragmented and subject to continuous entry of new competitors. The market is even more fragmented internationally. Outside the U.S., we compete primarily with local players in the respective country or region, in addition to new market entrants. 

The Purification and Filtration segment competes against a diverse spectrum of competitors. Established global filtration competitors such as Danaher, Merck KGaA, Sartorius, Pentair, Repligen, and Entegris compete on a variety of factors across product lines, including breadth of offering, product performance, customer service, product availability, distribution capabilities, innovation, name recognition and price. 

Human Capital

We have a long-tenured and diverse talent base with significant work experience, technical qualifications, and healthcare industry expertise. Our employee base consists of approximately 22,000 employees, with approximately 40% having more than 10 years of tenure. We have approximately 11,000 employees in the United States and approximately 2,600 in Germany. Of our employees, approximately 5,200 are production employees working in plants across the globe. We have approximately 80 employees who are represented by a union in the U.S., all of whom are in one manufacturing facility and are covered by a three-year collective bargaining agreement that expires on November 1, 2027. Our relationship with employee-representative 

7

Table of

Contents

organizations outside the U.S. takes many forms, including in European Union countries where we engage with representative bodies for employees, such as employee forums, works councils and trade unions, in accordance with local law.

Our employees are united in our mission to provide better, smarter, safer healthcare to improve lives. Our culture highlights collaboration and teamwork, along with a focus on empathy, solving challenges and improving care.

The ability to recruit, retain, develop, protect, and fairly compensate our global workforce will be a key driver of our success. Our key human capital priorities are designed to support those efforts, including those listed below.

•
Health and Safety
: Solventum is committed to the safety, health, and well-being of its employees. We continuously evaluate opportunities to raise safety and health standards, visiting sites to identify and manage environmental health and safety risks; evaluating compliance with regulatory requirements and company policies; and maintaining a global security operation for the protection of facilities and people on our sites. We also promote health and well-being through disease prevention programs, on-site clinical services, employee assistance programs, and comprehensive healthcare benefits.

•
Development and Pipeline
: We have a robust, continuous talent review process focused on succession planning and key talent development. We deploy functional and leadership development opportunities and support time to learn. In addition, we advance our talent pipeline by attracting competitive talent and accelerating leadership and key skill development. We are expanding our external talent pools and leveraging university and professional organizations to identify talent with critical skills.

•

Workplace Environment
: Our ability to evolve as a highly preferred organization who serves the needs of our employees and contributes to customer success is realized by enabling a workplace and environment which fosters belonging. In support of the communities we operate in globally, we are committed to inclusion in its broadest sense. We strengthen our commitment by ensuring accessible and fair processes for all. Whether we are attracting or advancing talent, we focus on conveying our intent for leaders and employees to thrive. Engaging talent such as those who are involved in our Employee Resource Networks, which are open to everyone, has proven to be a way to empower and inspire our workforce as they drive innovation in unique ways.

•
Compensation and Benefits
: Our total compensation for employees includes a variety of components that support sustainable employment and the ability to build a strong financial future, including competitive market-based pay and comprehensive benefits. In addition, we have a professional and flexible work environment that promotes innovation and well-being and rewards performance. 

Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters

We are subject to various laws, regulations, ordinances, customer requirements, and industry standards related to environment, health, and safety (
“
EHS
”
) matters. These include, but are not limited to, permitting, licensing, and authorization requirements, and regulatory obligations. These laws, regulations, ordinances, requirements and standards affect a significant portion of our activities globally across each of our segments and product lines and require compliance related to, among other things: (a) occupational health, safety, and well-being; (b) the protection of the environment; (c) emissions and discharges to air and water; (d) greenhouse gas management and climate change; (e) the use of natural resources; (f) the handling, use, storage, transportation, and disposal of toxic or hazardous materials, radioactive materials, and solid and hazardous wastes; and (g) the procurement and use of select materials and chemicals. EHS laws and regulations also vary widely by jurisdiction, may be established at supranational, international, national, state, and/or local levels, and are constantly evolving, often to become more stringent. 

Compliance with EHS laws, regulations, customer requirements, and industry standards requires, among other things, that we maintain and operate our equipment safely; obtain and keep current environmental permits, radioactive material licenses, and radiation machine registrations; install pollution control technologies; and maintain certain records and submit specific reports. Failure to comply could lead to enforcement actions, such as the imposition of civil or criminal fines and penalties; the suspension or termination of our permits, licenses, authorizations, or operations; claims by third parties; remediation expenses or liabilities; or other sanctions. 

Solventum also is subject to extensive and evolving regulations regarding the manufacturing, processing, distribution, importing, exporting, and labeling of its products and their raw materials. In the European Union, for instance, the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulations came into effect in 2007, with implementation rolling out over time. Registered chemicals then can be subject to further evaluation and potential restrictions. Since the promulgation of REACH, other countries have enacted or are in the process of implementing similar comprehensive chemical regulations.

8

Table of

Contents

Some of Solventum’s products utilize third-party purchased components that contain PFAS. Use is critically evaluated on an on-going basis, and non-PFAS alternatives are utilized, when possible. Regulatory and legislative activities concerning PFAS are accelerating in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. These regulatory activities include gathering of exposure and use information, risk assessment activities, and increasingly strict restrictions on various uses of PFAS in products and on PFAS in manufacturing emissions and in water, soil and air, in some cases moving towards setting non-detectable limits for certain PFAS compounds. Governments, including in the United States, are also increasingly proposing changes to existing environmental regulations to specifically apply to PFAS. In February 2023, the European Chemicals Agency published a proposal under REACH, which has not yet been finalized, that aims to restrict the manufacture, placing on the market and use of PFAS, subject to certain exceptions. 

Solventum’s operations are also subject to regulation under the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA
”
) and parallel state and local occupational health and safety standards, as well as occupational health and safety standards applicable to its operations in other jurisdictions. These standards establish certain employer responsibilities, including requirements to maintain a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause serious injury or death, certain medical and hygiene standards, licensing and permitting obligations and various recordkeeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Solventum’s facilities and operations may be subject to periodic inspections by OSHA representatives and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions. Failure to comply with applicable occupational health and safety standards, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, could result in civil or criminal enforcement and substantial penalties, significant capital expenditures or suspension or limitation of Solventum’s operations.

In addition to REACH and OSHA, Solventum manufacturing facilities are also subject to additional environmental, health and safety statutes, regulations and permit requirements, including, but not limited to, applicable requirements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Seveso-III Directive (Directive 2012/18/EU), the European Machinery Directive (Directive 2006/42/EC), the EU Industrial Emissions Directive (Directive 2010/75/EU), and the European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register.

Sales and Marketing

We have an extensive global commercial footprint with sales in over 90 countries. To serve our diverse customer base across our prioritized geographies, we take a multi-model commercial approach, including direct-to-customer, distribution, key account management, inside sales, and e-commerce. We augment our commercial model with both marketing and service support. Key marketing activities include brand management, insights, price management, digital marketing, and integrated marketing communications. As our customers increasingly leverage both traditional and digital media in their path to purchase, we continue to optimize our own omnichannel execution to ensure the best customer experience possible. Our service support teams include clinical specialists (licensed nurses or technicians), medical liaisons (clinical professionals such as surgeons and dentists), and application engineers (technical subject matter experts). These teams provide high-quality customer support serving as the clinical and/or technical expert for the customer. 

To expand our market coverage into emerging geographies in the Latin America ("LATAM"), Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), and Asia regions, we employ an export commercial model and leverage local partners to market and sell our products. Our local third-party partners facilitate regulatory and cross-border import compliance and distribute directly to the customer. Our export commercial team provides technical, clinical, and marketing support both directly to our customers as well as to our third-party partners, to help increase customer satisfaction and support our ability to grow our global presence.

Global Supply Chain and Sourcing

Our sourcing, production, and distribution network is managed globally. We believe we have advanced manufacturing and assembly production capabilities across our global manufacturing network. Our manufacturing is supported by a global distribution network. 

Our distribution network is strategically designed as a “hub and spoke” model. 
This approach optimizes route planning and increases the speed of deliveries to our customers in all regions. In addition, our distribution network footprint meets the needs of our customers in a cost-effective model.

As we separate from 3M, we continue to leverage 3M's distribution networks and manufacturing sites across certain geographies. The use of both distribution network and manufacturing sites are covered under a Transition and Distribution Agreement and a Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, respectively, with 3M.

Our supply chain resiliency program consisting of regional sources of supply, dual-source manufacturing capabilities and vertically integrated operations presents a competitive advantage by providing a reliable supply of products to our customers.

9

Table of

Contents

Regulations

General 

The regulations applicable to Solventum are promulgated and enforced by government bodies in individual countries and govern the methods and controls used for the design, manufacture, packaging labeling, storage, safety, sales and distribution, marketing clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, sterilization, installation, servicing, performance and effectiveness of the products Solventum sells globally. These regulations apply to all facilities of Solventum’s business that conduct the foregoing activities, regardless of where the facilities are located. These regulations apply to the activities performed by most of Solventum’s employees, including but not limited to sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, medical affairs, and operations, both before and after a product is commercially distributed. These regulations differ by country and/or region and are dynamic. 

Solventum commits a significant amount of resources to maintain compliance with these regulations. Compliance with these regulations requires Solventum to create systems, processes, and procedures that are aligned with the regulations in all markets Solventum serves. Compliance also requires Solventum to maintain knowledge of the current regulations that govern its activities. As these regulations change, Solventum must adapt its systems, processes, and procedures to comply with the new regulations. 

Governing bodies monitor compliance, among other ways, by conducting regularly occurring and unexpected audits of Solventum’s facilities. These audits are conducted to determine if Solventum’s systems, processes, and procedures comply with the current regulations in the markets it serves. After each audit, the governing body typically provides a report of their findings. The report describes the observations made during the audit. Sometimes these observations describe minor non-compliance issues in Solventum’s systems, processes, and procedures. Often, these gaps require commensurate modifications but have no impact to Solventum’s ability to continue operations and commercialization of its products. In rare situations, the governing body may find significant or major non-compliance issues in Solventum’s systems, processes, and procedures. If a governing body concludes, through these audits or otherwise, that Solventum is not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations or that any of its products are defective, ineffective, or pose an unreasonable risk for patients, users, or others, the governing body may require Solventum to recall a product or products, retract promotional materials, and/or cease shipment of products, among other required actions; these requirements may remain in place until Solventum can demonstrate adequate compliance. Failure to demonstrate adequate modifications to Solventum’s systems, processes, and procedures and continued compliance or repeat findings may result in more significant enforcement actions, including but not limited to warning letters, revocation of product approvals and licenses, injunctions, product seizure, penalties and fines, consent decrees, and criminal prosecution, among other actions. These actions may have a negative impact on Solventum’s consolidated results of operations, financial condition or competitive position. 

As discussed in more detail below under “Regulation of Medical Devices and Pharmaceutical Products,” to market its products internationally in compliance with applicable medical device and pharmaceutical regulations, Solventum must obtain approvals for products and product modifications. The regulations promulgated by the governing bodies also require Solventum to submit data to demonstrate that its products meet the safety and effectiveness requirements to support the intended uses described in its labeling. This data is reviewed by the governing bodies to determine if Solventum has provided the necessary and sufficient information to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of its products for the intended use described in its labeling. In many cases, the governing bodies request additional information to make this determination. The additional information requested by the governing bodies sometimes requires Solventum to conduct new testing, delaying the approval and commercialization of the product. In rare instances, the governing body will disapprove the application, prohibiting Solventum’s ability to commercialize the product in that market. In these instances, Solventum may decide to cease commercialization efforts for the product in that (or those) market(s) or it may decide to modify the product or retest the products and resubmit the data to the governing bodies. Delays to product approvals or disapproval of Solventum’s applications may have a negative impact on Solventum’s consolidated results of operations, financial condition or competitive position.

Failure to establish, follow or comply with any of the above requirements could have a negative impact on Solventum’s consolidated results of operations, financial condition or competitive position. 

This global regulatory environment will likely continue to evolve, which could impact Solventum’s ability, or increase the time and cost, to obtain future approvals for its products. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances and/or approvals to market and sell Solventum’s products can be rigorous, costly and time-consuming and the clearances and/or approvals might not be granted timely or result in limitations on the indicated uses of products. 

10

Table of

Contents

Regulation of Medical Devices and Pharmaceutical Products

The products Solventum develops, manufactures, and commercializes are regulated in most of the markets Solventum serves. Some of these products meet the definition of medical devices or pharmaceuticals and are regulated, as such, by various governmental bodies, globally. All products produced by the MedSurg and Dental Solutions segments, with very few exceptions, meet the definition of a medical device or pharmaceutical product. Accordingly, the development, manufacture, and commercialization of these products must comply with the regulations governing medical devices or pharmaceuticals in the markets we serve. Conversely, none of the products produced by the Health Information Systems and Purification and Filtration segments meet the definition of medical devices or pharmaceuticals. The product portfolio of each segment is dynamic and changes with time, depending on the needs of the customers served. While the Health Information Systems and Purification and Filtration segments do not currently include medical devices or pharmaceutical products, this may change in the future. 

Determinations of the safety and efficacy of our products are solely within the authority of the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States.

Additionally, 3M™ Promogran™ Collagen Dressing and 3M™ Tegaderm™ CHG Chlorhexidine Gluconate IV Securement Dressing, which are products of the MedSurg segment, are regulated by the FDA’s Center for Device and Radiological Health as a combination product category.

United States

In the United States, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDA”) authorizes the FDA to oversee and regulate the production, sale, and distribution of food, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. 

Medical Devices

Solventum’s medical devices are regulated by the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes depending on the degree of risk associated with the medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness: Class I (Low Risk), Class II (Moderate Risk), and Class III (High Risk). 

•
Class I: Class I medical devices are those where the General Controls for Medical Devices are sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness.

•
Class II: Class II medical devices are where the General Controls for Medical Devices alone are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of its safety and effectiveness and there is sufficient information to establish special controls, including the promulgation of performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, development and dissemination of guidelines, recommendations, and other appropriate actions as the FDA Commissioner deems necessary to provide such assurance.

•
Class III: Class III medical devices are intended to be used in supporting or sustaining human life or preventing impairment of human health, or that may present a potential unreasonable risk of illness or injury for which the General Controls for Medical Devices and special controls are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of a device, or for which there is insufficient information to make such a determination. Class III devices typically require pre-market approval. 

Most medical devices are cleared by FDA through the 
Pre-Market Notification, or 510(k), process. This process requires medical device manufacturers 
to 
demonstrate that their devices are as safe and effective as (i.e., substantially equivalent to) a legally marketed medical device. Pre-market notifications are required for most Class II and some Class I medical devices. Due to the level of risk associated with Class III devices, the FDA has determined that these devices require a Pre-market approval (a “PMA”). A PMA application is the most stringent type of marketing application required by the FDA. Typically, PMA submissions require the submission of human clinical trials to achieve FDA approval. Currently, none of the medical devices in Solventum’s portfolio of products are Class III medical devices in the United States. 

Pharmaceutical Products

Solventum’s pharmaceutical products are regulated by the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Generally, drugs are brought to the market through the New Drug Application (“NDA”) process or an Over-the-Counter (“OTC”) Monograph. Solventum’s pharmaceutical products are brought to market through the NDA and OTC pathways. 

The NDA process typically begins with the completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, which may need to be performed in accordance with the Good Laboratory Practices regulations, followed by the submission to 

11

Table of

Contents

the FDA of an investigational new drug application which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually. 

Before each clinical study may be initiated, an independent Institutional Review Board or ethics committee representing each clinical site must approve such study. The clinical studies must be adequate, well-controlled and conducted in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”) requirements.

After the completion of the clinical trials, an 
NDA is submitted to the FDA to demonstrate that a drug is safe and effective in its proposed use(s), the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks, the drug’s proposed labeling (package insert) is appropriate, and the methods used to manufacture the drug are adequate to preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality, and purity. Following the completion of the clinical trials, the NDA process with the FDA generally involves the following:

•
preparation of and submission to the FDA of an NDA;

•
potential review of the product application by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate and if applicable;

•
a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application for review;

•
satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities where the proposed product drug substance and drug product are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Processes (“cGMP”), and audits of selected clinical trial sites to ensure compliance with GCP; and

•
FDA review and approval of an NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the United States.

A
n OTC drug monograph is a type of “recipe book” covering acceptable ingredients, doses, formulations, labeling, and, in some cases, testing parameters. OTC drug monographs are continually updated to add additional ingredients and labeling as needed. Products conforming to a monograph may be marketed without FDA pre-approval. Under the OTC monograph system, selected OTC drugs are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of an NDA. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specific requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Facilities where OTC drugs are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with cGMP regulations and/or regulations promulgated by the FDA or other competent authorities. OTC monograph products that do not comply with these standards can be deemed unapproved new drugs and can be required to be withdrawn from the market. The Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act, enacted in March 2020, is expected to introduce significant reform to the OTC monograph system, including by replacing the FDA’s existing rulemaking process with an administrative order process for issuing, revising and amending OTC monographs.

European Union

Medical Devices

All medical devices that are placed on the market or put into service in the European Union must meet the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation. Manufacturers must demonstrate compliance to the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation, prior to affixing the CE Mark on the products and commercializing in the European Union. A CE Mark is a symbol placed on a product that declares that the product is compliant with the essential requirements of applicable health, safety and environmental protection regulation. Compliance to the Medical Device Regulation requires a manufacturer to 
demonstrate that its products comply with minimum standards of performance, safety, and quality, through a conformity assessment procedure that depends on the product’s classification. The 
Medical Device Regulation
 describes four classes of medical devices: Class I (Lowest Risk), Class IIa, Class IIb, and Class III (Highest Risk). Classification is dependent on a variety of factors, including duration of use, whether the device is invasive or non-invasive, and whether the device is considered “active.” Notified bodies are responsible for ensuring that manufacturers comply with the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation. All medical devices in Solventum’s current portfolio are regulated as medical devices in the European Union. 

Pharmaceutical Products

The European Medicines Agency is responsible for regulating pharmaceutical products in the European Union. The European Medicines Agency implements a system similar to the U.S. FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and it is responsible for evaluating the quality, safety, and efficacy of drug products in the EU. If the European Medical Agency concludes that all requirements for efficacy, safety and quality are met, it issues a positive opinion that is forwarded to the European Commission and the European Commission makes the final decision on the granting of a marketing authorization. 

12

Table of

Contents

China 

The chief pharmaceutical product and medical device regulator in China is the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”), which enforces medical device and pharmaceutical product laws and regulations and standards and has the power to issue fines, seize products, withdraw or suspend an approval or a registration for serious non-compliances, and refer cases for criminal prosecution. These national laws and regulations are also supplemented by provincial and other local-level rules and enforcement policies.

Medical Devices

Locally manufactured medical devices gain market authorization through municipal authorities, while medical devices that are not manufactured in China are reviewed by the NMPA and must be accompanied by appropriate documentation showing that the device has been approved in its country of origin. 

Medical devices are classified into three classes: Class I (Lowest Risk), Class II, and Class III (Highest Risk). Approved products are subject to post-market requirements for reporting adverse events and recalls, as well as regular risk assessments of devices and potentially re-evaluation reports of the safety and effectiveness of the device based on more significant safety signals.

In addition to product licenses, manufacturing and distribution facilities that handle Class II and III devices require licenses or notifications and must comply with cGMP requirements and good supply practices. The NMPA regularly conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities in China (as part of a pre-market submission review, routine or for-cause inspections, or unannounced inspections) as well as periodic inspections of overseas manufacturers for compliance with China medical device cGMP requirements. The NMPA inspects distributors and user facilities and conducts annual national and provincial sampling inspections and testing to ensure compliance with labeling, licensing, mandatory standards, and other related requirements. In addition, the NMPA conducts regular and for-cause good clinical practice audits of clinical sites that provide data and clinical trial reports for product registration.

Pharmaceutical Products

Solventum’s pharmaceutical products are strictly regulated by the NMPA and various provincial, city, and county regulators. Some of Solventum’s pharmaceutical products require pre-market approval from the NMPA before they can be marketed in China, and those marketing applications must be supported by clinical data, which typically comes from a multi-phase study in China or by relying on clinical data generated abroad that meets the NMPA’s requirements.

Regulation on Advertising, Marketing, and Promotion

The advertising, marketing, and promotion of Solventum’s products must be truthful and non-misleading, consistent with applicable regulatory clearances and approvals, and supported by adequate and reasonable scientific data. Solventum typically is required to have a reasonable basis to support any factual marketing claims, and what constitutes a reasonable basis for substantiation can vary widely from market to market and from product to product. 

With limited exceptions, Solventum may not market, promote, or sell regulated products prior to regulatory authority clearance or approval. Regulatory authorities, including the FDA, strictly regulate the indications for use and associated promotional safety and effectiveness claims that may be made about approved or cleared products. If regulatory authorities determine that Solventum has promoted or marketed a product for off-label use, including through external-facing materials, oral statements, or physician training, Solventum could be subject to fines, injunctions or other penalties. 

In addition, the National Advertising Division (“NAD”) of the Better Business Bureau administers a self-regulatory program of the advertising industry to ensure truth and accuracy in national advertising. NAD monitors national advertising and entertains inquiries and challenges from competitors and consumers. Solventum may also be subject to various state consumer protection laws, including California’s Proposition 65, which requires a specific warning on any product that contains a substance listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects, unless the level of such substance in the product is below a safe harbor level.

Solventum must also comply with advertising, marketing, and promotion rules in all countries in which it markets its products
.
 In the European Union, advertising of products is subject both to general consumer advertising requirements pursuant to the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive (Directive 2005/29/EC), which imposes a general prohibition on misleading and aggressive advertising, as well as more specific regulations in respect of various product classifications. For example, pursuant to Directive 2001/83/EC, advertisements of Solventum’s OTC products must, among other requirements, (1) make clear that the message is an advertisement and that the product is clearly identified as a medicinal product, (2) not refer to claims of 

13

Table of

Contents

recovery in improper, alarming or misleading terms and (3) not suggest that the effects of taking the medicine are guaranteed, are unaccompanied by adverse reactions or are better than, or equivalent to, those of another treatment or medicinal product. 

In China, advertisements of OTC products must, among other requirements, include an “OTC” marking and must not contain difficult or confusing medical or pharmaceutical terms that could mislead the public about a product’s efficacy or safety.

A failure to comply with these regulations could expose Solventum to legal liability, such as enforcement actions, investigations by a governmental authority, civil fines or criminal actions, lawsuits brought by competitors or company whistleblowers, or other actions. 

Data Privacy Laws

Solventum is also subject to extensive laws and regulations protecting the privacy, security, and integrity of personal information, including patient medical information, that it receives, including, among others, the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, (the “HIPAA”), the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), and similar U.S. state laws, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “E.U. GDPR”), the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (the “U.K. GDPR”), and China’s Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”), and Personal Data Cross Border Transfer Rule (“CBDT”). Federal health information privacy laws, such as HIPAA, and consumer protection laws impose requirements for the collection, use, storage, access, transfer and protection of health-related and other sensitive and personal information, and failure to comply may result, such as with respect to any CCPA violations, in civil penalties. The CCPA has been amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which came into effect, in most material respects, on January 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers’ rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The E.U. GDPR and the U.K. GDPR and UK DPA, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, store, transfer and otherwise process personal data, including health data and adverse event reporting. The E.U. GDPR contemplates fines for certain violations of up to four percent of global annual revenue or €20 million (or GBP 17.5 million under the U.K. GDPR), whichever is greater, and enforcement can include limits on data transfers to countries outside the E.U. or U.K. In China, Solventum is subject to PIPL, which applies to the secure processing of personal information of natural persons within China, and Solventum is also subject to CBDT for the processing of personal information outside China where the purpose is to provide products and services within China and the analysis or assessment of the activities of individuals within China. Consequences of non-compliance may include monetary fines of up to five percent of the previous year’s revenue, termination of data transfers and personal liability imposed on those directly responsible. Solventum is also subject to similar privacy and data protection frameworks in other developed and emerging markets. While Solventum utilizes industry standard processes, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (the “NIST”) privacy framework and third-party management processes, to assess the potential impact of emerging laws and enforcement trends on its business and to mitigate potential impacts on its business, data privacy laws and regulations and their scope and enforcement are constantly evolving, and Solventum cannot predict what effect, if any, changes to these laws and regulations and Solventum’s compliance with them may have on its business. 

Global Healthcare Compliance

The marketing, promotion, and sale of medical devices, drugs, and services is regulated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and equivalent U.S. state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of the delivery of healthcare items and services. These include laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals, and healthcare fraud and abuse. Similar regulations are imposed at the state level, as well as in many global markets in which we do business. 

The U.S. FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from promising to pay money or anything of value to any foreign official for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. These laws apply to many of Solventum’s customer interactions, as healthcare professionals in other countries are or are often considered government officials, and in some cases lay out specific requirements of how to comply or demonstrate compliance with the legal requirements. Failure to comply with these laws may expose Solventum to monetary fines and penalties, criminal and civil enforcement actions and reputational damage. 

Quality and Safety

The FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions regulate the facilities and operational procedures that Solventum uses to manufacture its products. Solventum is required to register its facilities with these authorities. Solventum’s products are required to be manufactured in facilities that operate in accordance with current cGMPs. Compliance with cGMPs requires Solventum to establish and follow quality systems that are designed to ensure that its products consistently meet applicable requirements and specifications. The scope of cGMP includes, but is not limited to, production and process controls, document 

14

Table of

Contents

controls, acceptance activities, labeling and packing controls, handling, storage, distribution, and installation activities, among others. The FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions periodically inspect Solventum’s manufacturing facilities for compliance with cGMP or similar manufacturing standards in the applicable country. Failure to comply with cGMPs could disrupt Solventum’s ability to manufacture or supply its products.

Solventum is also required to establish and follow quality systems to comply with certain post-market surveillance requirements, specifically those pertaining to adverse event reporting for medical devices and pharmaceuticals. For medical devices, Solventum is required to report deaths and serious injuries that a device may have caused or to which a device may have contributed. Solventum is also required to report certain device malfunctions. For pharmaceuticals, Solventum is required to report any undesirable event that is associated with the use of a drug or biological product in humans whether or not the events are considered to be product related. For both medical devices and pharmaceuticals, Solventum is required to establish and implement quality systems to comply with regulations pertaining to post-market surveillance.

In addition, many of Solventum’s products are subject to regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the “CPSC”) under the Consumer Product Safety Act and other laws enforced by the CPSC. These statutes and related regulations establish safety standards and bans for consumer products. The CPSC monitors compliance of consumer products under its jurisdiction through market surveillance and has the authority to conduct product safety inspections of establishments where consumer products are manufactured, held or transported. The CPSC can require the recall of noncompliant products or products containing a defect that creates a substantial risk of injury to the public, and the CPSC may seek penalties for regulatory noncompliance under certain circumstances. CPSC regulations also require manufacturers of consumer products to report to the CPSC certain types of information regarding products that fail to comply with applicable regulations, contain a defect that could create a substantial product hazard or create an unreasonable risk of serious injury or death. Certain state laws also address the safety of consumer products and may mandate reporting or labeling requirements.

Pricing

Solventum’s activities are subject to a variety of price control laws, regulations and government mandates in some of the markets in which it operates. In certain markets the pricing for certain Solventum’s products may be subject to prior approval, including in jurisdictions where Solventum’s products are subject to government reimbursement, whereas in other markets Solventum may be able to set its own prices for its products subject to certain degrees of monitoring and control by the applicable governmental authority. 

These price control mechanisms, and mechanisms in other markets, including long-term price commitments as the result of market dynamics, may restrict the amount Solventum is able to charge for its products, which may reduce its profits and otherwise adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, price control laws, regulations or government mandates may be enacted or become more stringent during times of uncertain or unfavorable economic or market conditions, such as during times of economic slowdown, recession or inflation.

Environmental, Health, and Safety Laws 

Solventum is subject to a broad range of federal, state, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations concerning environmental, health and safety matters. For a discussion of these laws and regulations, see the section titled “Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters.” 

15

Table of

Contents

Information about our Executive Officers

Below is a list of the executive officers of the Company and other significant employees who are members of our leadership team. The respective age of each individual in the tables below is as of December 31, 2024. No family relationships exist among any of the executive officers named, nor is there any undisclosed arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. This information is presented in the table below as of the date of the 10-K filing (February 28, 2025).

Name

Age

Position

Bryan Hanson

58

Chief Executive Officer 

Wayde McMillan

55

Chief Financial Officer

Sanjiv Arora

59

Chief Strategy & Corporate Development Officer

Chris Barry

52

Executive Vice President and Group President, Medical Surgical

Tammy Gomez

53

Chief Human Resources Officer

Paul Harrington

56

Chief Supply Chain Officer

Marcela Kirberger

58

Chief Legal Affairs Officer

Amy Landucci

50

Chief Information and Digital Officer

Garri Garrison

65

President, Health Information Systems

Vaughn Grannis

61

President, Purification and Filtration

Karim Mansour

51

President, Dental Solutions

The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our executive officers.

Bryan Hanson
. Mr. Hanson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Solventum since 2024 after serving as the Chief Executive Officer of 3M’s Health Care Business Group from September 2023 to the Spin-Off. Mr. Hanson has also served as a director of Solventum since 2024. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Zimmer Biomet, a global medical technology company with annual revenues over $7 billion, from May 2021 to August 2023, and as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Zimmer Biomet from December 2017 to August 2023. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Executive Vice President and President, Minimally Invasive Therapies Group of Medtronic plc, a medical device company, from January 2015 until joining Zimmer Biomet in December 2017. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien plc, a medical device company, from October 2014 to January 2015; Senior Vice President and Group President, Medical Devices and United States of Covidien from October 2013 to September 2014; Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien for the Surgical Solutions business from July 2011 to October 2013; and President of Covidien’s Energy-based Devices business from July 2006 to June 2011. Mr. Hanson held several other positions of increasing responsibility in sales, marketing and general management with Covidien from October 1992 to July 2006. Mr. Hanson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Florida State University. He also completed the Kellogg School of Management Finance for Executives program in 2010 and the Harvard Executive Education in Leadership program in 2013.

Wayde McMillan
. Mr. McMillan has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Solventum since 2024 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer of 3M’s Health Care Business Group since November 2023. Previously, Mr. McMillan served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Insulet, a medical device company, from March 2019 to November 2023. From January 2015 to February 2019, he was Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Minimally Invasive Therapies Group at Medtronic plc., a medical device company. From November 2006 to January 2015, prior to Medtronic’s acquisition of Covidien plc, a medical device company, Mr. McMillan held a variety of leadership positions at Covidien, including Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Medical Devices Group & U.S., Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Surgical Solutions Business Unit, and Vice President Finance and Controller of the Respiratory and Monitoring Solutions Business Unit. Mr. McMillan started his career in accounting, audit, financial analysis and investor relations positions at various institutions. Mr. McMillan earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Merrimack College and an MBA from Bentley University McCallum Graduate School of Business.

Sanjiv Arora
. Mr. Arora has served as the Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer of Solventum since 2024. Before joining Solventum, Mr. Arora was Vice President, Business Development & Strategy, Cardiac Surgery, Cardiovascular Diagnostics at Medtronic from February 2021 to March 2024 and as Vice President of Corporate Development from January 2018 to February 2021. His expertise was also honed from working at Edwards LifeSciences, Covidien, Cargill Ventures, RBC Capital Markets and Boston Scientific throughout his career. Mr. Arora earned his Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from Duke University.

16

Table of

Contents

Chris Barry
. Mr. Barry has served as the Executive Vice President and Group President of our Medical Surgical business since 2024. Prior to joining Solventum, Mr. Barry was Chief Executive Officer and a member of the NuVasive Board of Directors from November 2018 to September 2023. Prior to that role, he served as Senior Vice President and President of Surgical Innovations at Medtronic from January 2015 to October 2018, its second largest business unit. Before the acquisition of Covidien by Medtronic, Mr. Barry was President of Advanced Surgical Technologies of Covidien, where he led global strategy, product portfolio, and U.S. commercial teams for the global business unit. He also spent more than 15 years increasing commercial and executive leadership roles at Covidien. Currently, Mr. Barry serves as a member of the LivaNova Board of Directors. Mr. Barry earned his Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science from Texas Tech University. 

Tammy Gomez
. Ms. Gomez has served as the Chief Human Resources Officer of Solventum since 2024. Before joining Solventum, Ms. Gomez was Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer at Owens & Minor from July 2022 to December 2023. After starting as a Corporate Audit Manager in 1999, she spent more than 20 years at Cardinal Health in various roles of increasing responsibility, including most recently leading its Global HR Center of Excellence & HR Services team. She began her career in finance and worked with Prudential and General Motors. Ms. Gomez earned her Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Management from the University of South Alabama.

Paul Harrington.
 Mr. Harrington has served as the Chief Supply Chain Officer of Solventum since 2024. Mr. Harrington spent 10 years at Medtronic, from November 2013 to November 2023, where he was most recently Senior Vice President, Global Operations Innovation responsible for shaping, transforming and innovating across the global operations and supply chain function. He also previously served as Vice President Global Operations for the Restorative Therapies Group and Neuromodulation business unit. Prior to joining Medtronic, he was Vice President of Global Manufacturing at Covidien. Mr. Harrington earned his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Kingston College.

Marcela Kirberger
.
 Ms. Kirberger has served as the Chief Legal Affairs Officer of Solventum since 2024 after serving as the Chief Legal Affairs Officer of 3M’s Health Care Business Group since November 2023. Previously, Ms. Kirberger was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Elanco, a pharmaceutical company in the animal health field, from June 2021 to November 2023, where she was responsible for the global strategy and operations of the legal function and had responsibility for Corporate Affairs, Ethics & Compliance and ESG. Prior to joining Elanco, Ms. Kirberger held U.S., regional and global leadership roles within Fortune 500 life sciences companies, including as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Roche Diagnostics NA, a diagnostics company, from 2019 to 2021; and General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at Leica Microsystems GmbH, a global medical device manufacturer and subsidiary of Danaher Corporation, from 2017 to 2019. She also worked for the Novartis Group of Companies from 2006 to 2017 in different Novartis companies, including Gerber Products, Novartis Consumer Health, Novartis Pharmaceuticals and Sandoz International, where she was Global Head of Legal for Biopharma and before that, Global Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Kirberger began her career as a securities litigator at Lowenstein Sandler in New Jersey. A native of Argentina, she earned her law degrees from Rutgers School of Law in Newark, New Jersey and the Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires.

Amy Landucci
. Ms. Landucci has served as the Chief Information and Digital Officer of Solventum since 2024. Prior to joining Solventum, Ms. Landucci was Chief Digital and Technology Officer at Haleon from July 2022 until April 2024, where she led the technical carveout from GSK to form a standalone consumer healthcare company. Prior to the carveout, she spent five years from July 2017 until July 2022 at GSK and previously spent a decade at Novartis in a variety of roles. The first eight years of her career were in consulting with Accenture. Ms. Landucci has served on the Board of Directors for Healthy Women, the leading independent, non-profit health information source for women in the U.S. Ms. Landucci earned her Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Studies from Gustavus Adolphus College. 

Garri Garrison
. Ms. Garrison has served as the President of Solventum’s Health Information Systems business since 2024. Ms. Garrison has more than 35 years of experience in healthcare, including more than 27 years spent at 3M. Starting in April 1999, she served in a variety of positions for 3M’s Health Information Systems division, including director of consulting services, director of performance management, integration manager, chief operating officer, Lean Six Master Black Belt and area division leader for the U.S. and Canada. Ms. Garrison earned her Bachelor’s degree in nursing from Western Kentucky University.

Vaughn Grannis
. Mr. Grannis has served as the President of Solventum’s Purification and Filtration business since 2024. Focusing his career on technology enterprises including diversified manufacturers and businesses dealing in high-technology applications and customer groups, Vaughn took the helm of the global P&F at 3M business in 2023, leading the business’ four segments: Bioprocessing Filtration, Drinking Water Filtration, Industrial Filtration and Membranes OEM. Mr. Grannis has more than 38 years of experience creating new business growth, profitability and operational performance across several business sectors and verticals, all of which were with 3M, where he started in 1985. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree and a Master’s Degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas.

Karim Mansour
. Mr. Mansour has served as the President of Solventum’s Dental Solutions business since 2024. With more than 25 years of international healthcare and medical device experience, Karim has acquired industry expertise within the 

17

Table of

Contents

public and private sectors, academia, as well as healthcare economics, all of which were with 3M. Karim has held leadership roles of increasing responsibility, including his most recent previous role as President of Dental Solutions, Senior Vice President of 3M Health Care EMEA, Global Strategy and Business Development Director, as well as global operational and financial leadership roles across Europe, U.S. and Latin America. Mr. Mansour earned his Cycle Formation Supérieur au Management (FSM) and a Master’s Degree in Business from IPAG Business School.

Ethics and Governance

All of Solventum's employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, are required to abide by Solventum’s Code of Conduct to ensure that its business is conducted in a consistently legal and ethical manner. The Code of Conduct forms the foundation of a comprehensive process that includes compliance with corporate policies and procedures and a company-wide focus on uncompromising integrity in every aspect of Solventum’s operations. Solventum’s Code of Conduct covers many topics, including antitrust and competition law, conflicts of interest, financial reporting, protection of confidential information, and compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of its business.

Employees are required to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the Code of Conduct. Solventum Ethics and Compliance maintains processes to receive, retain, and address concerns received from internal, external or anonymous sources. Solventum takes all reported concerns about business conduct seriously and employs a team of experienced investigators who review each concern thoroughly and conduct investigations when necessary. Solventum maintains the confidentiality of all reported concerns in accordance with legal requirements and in the best interest of the organization and those involved. Solventum does not tolerate retaliation for anyone who raises a genuine concern in good faith and educates employees on this policy. Information on how to submit any such communications can be found on Solventum’s website, under “Ethics and Compliance.” Solventum’s Chief Compliance Officer has a direct reporting obligation to the Audit Committee and regularly reports to the Audit Committee on compliance with Solventum's Code of Conduct, including the effectiveness of Solventum's compliance program. See “Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance – Code of Ethics” for information about our Code of Ethics governing our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.

Solventum’s Board of Directors has also implemented a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors of Solventum. This Code incorporates principles of conduct at Solventum and Solventum’s Board of Directors are to follow to ensure Solventum’s business, and the activities of Solventum’s Board of Directors are conducted with integrity and adherence to the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with the law. Solventum’s Code of Conduct for employees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors are available on Solventum’s website at www.solventum.com.

Additional Information

Solventum’s Internet address is www.solventum.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available on our website for free as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at sec.gov. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 



RISK FACTORS

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could cause a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them could in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. The risk factors described below are not necessarily presented in order of importance. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information.”

Summary of Risk Factors

•
Solventum’s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off is not necessarily representative of the results or performance that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company.

18

Table of

Contents

•
Solventum may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off.

•
Solventum’s accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which it is subject to as a standalone publicly traded company.

•
In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum incurred debt obligations and may incur additional obligations in the future, which could adversely affect its business and profitability and its ability to meet other obligations.

•
Solventum may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the Spin-Off.

•
If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Solventum and its shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 

•
The transfer to Solventum of certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required the consents or approvals of, or provide other rights to, third parties and governmental authorities.

•
Following the Spin-Off, Solventum’s commercial relationships with 3M remain significant, which could adversely affect Solventum’s business, its ability to meet other obligations and the market price of its common stock.

•
Solventum’s results may be impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade and geopolitical conditions, war and other events beyond its control.

•
Our brands are critical to our success, and damage to our reputation or our brands could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

•
Acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and other strategic events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible further organizational restructuring, could affect future results.

•
Solventum may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to Solventum, or at all.

•
Change in Solventum’s credit ratings could increase cost of funding.

•
Changes in interest rates could adversely affect Solventum.

•
Solventum operates in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future and the healthcare industry may be disrupted, necessitating that Solventum lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share.

•
Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on Solventum’s revenues and results of operations.

•
Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect Solventum’s business.

•
Solventum’s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new products and services.

•
The success of many of Solventum’s products depends upon certain key healthcare professionals.

•
Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or other cost containment measures or worsening economic conditions could affect the demand for Solventum’s products and the prices at which they are sold.

•
Solventum’s future results are subject to vulnerability with respect to materials and availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials, energy, production capacity and labor.

•
3M is the sole source of supply for raw materials used in certain of our products and our business will be harmed if 3M does not satisfy our requirements.

•
Solventum is subject to risks related to international, federal, state and local treaties, laws and regulations, as well as related compliance risks.

•
Solventum may face potential liabilities related to PFAS, which could adversely impact Solventum’s results.

19

Table of

Contents

•
Solventum operates in a strictly regulated industry, and compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the commercialization of Solventum’s products is costly and failure to comply may result in significant penalties.

•
Solventum is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts and public procurement in many jurisdictions, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect Solventum’s business.

•
Solventum is exposed to risks associated with product liability claims, including existing claims and claims resulting from the actions or inactions of its customers or third parties that are outside of its control.

•
Security and data breaches, cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents involving Solventum’s information technology systems and infrastructure could disrupt or interfere with Solventum’s operations.

•
Solventum may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect or effectively enforce its intellectual property rights.

•
Changes in tax rates, laws or regulations could adversely impact Solventum’s financial results.

•
Solventum’s tax burden could increase as a result of ongoing or future tax audits and inquiries.

•
Solventum could be negatively impacted by future changes in the allocation of income to each of the income tax jurisdictions in which Solventum operates.

•
A significant number of shares of Solventum common stock may be sold by 3M or others, which may cause the Solventum stock price to decline.

•
Because Solventum does not currently intend to pay any dividends on its common stock, holders of its common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.

•
Anti-takeover provisions could enable Solventum’s Board of Directors to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of its shareholders.

Risks Related to the Spin-Off and Solventum’s Relationship with 3M

Solventum’s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off is not necessarily representative of the results or performance that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of its future results or performance.

The historical financial information of Solventum for periods prior to the Spin-Off included in this Annual Report is derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements and accounting records of 3M. Accordingly, the financial information included herein does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that Solventum would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods presented or those that Solventum will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below:

•
Prior to the Spin-Off, Solventum’s working capital requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions, had historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of 3M. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum’s may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions and therefore more volatile.

•
Prior to the Spin-Off, 3M or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for Solventum’s business such as information technology, legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, investor relations and finance. The financial results included in the historical financial information reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 3M for such functions, which may be less than the expenses that Solventum would have incurred had it operated as a separate, publicly traded company. Solventum may also be unable to replicate corporate functions that will operate with the same degree of effectiveness as the equivalent 3M functions from which the Solventum business had historically benefited.

•
Solventum’s business historically was integrated with the other businesses of 3M and benefited from 3M’s economies of scope and scale in costs, employees, vendor relationships and customer relationships. While Solventum has sought to minimize the impact on its business when separating these arrangements, there is no guarantee these arrangements will continue to capture these benefits in the future. Additionally, Solventum may be unable to obtain similar arrangements, goods, services or technologies at prices or on terms as favorable as or to the same extent that 3M obtained them prior to the Spin-Off. Among other benefits, Solventum’s business historically had access to 3M’s 

20

Table of

Contents

extensive global research and development resources, which historically enhanced its ability to innovate, develop new products and technologies, and improve and update existing products and technologies. Solventum’s lack of access to 3M’s research and development resources may negatively impact it.

•
The cost of capital for Solventum’s business may be higher than 3M’s cost of capital prior to the Spin-Off, and Solventum may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements in order to fund capital expenditures and investments, pay dividends and service debt, which may or may not be available and may be more costly.

•
Solventum’s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off does not reflect the debt that Solventum incurred as part of the Spin-Off.

•
As an independent public company, Solventum is subject to public company reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, and is required to prepare its standalone financial statements according to the rules and regulations required by the SEC. 

Other significant changes may occur in Solventum’s cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from 3M.

Solventum may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off.

Solventum may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Spin-Off, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Spin-Off was designed to provide the following benefits to Solventum, among others: (1) the ability to pursue tailored capital allocation strategies and make company-specific investment decisions to drive innovation and growth; (2) enhanced management focus, with Solventum having a distinct board and management team with relevant expertise able to focus on strengthening its business; (3) improved operational agility and focus, enabling Solventum to pursue its distinct operating priorities and strategies with increased flexibility to act based on its unique characteristics, better positioning each for long-term success; (4) greater access to capital through the creation of a distinct and compelling investment profile appealing to a different long-term investor base from 3M; (5) independent equity currency, enabling Solventum to use its own industry-focused stock to consummate future acquisitions or other transactions; and (6) enhanced recruitment and retention, including by aligning employee, management and board incentives with performance.

Solventum may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (1) the operation of Solventum as a standalone public company continues to demand significant management resources and require significant amounts of management’s time and effort, which may divert management’s attention from operating and growing Solventum’s business; (2) Solventum may continue to be required to pay costs that could be substantial and material to its financial resources, including accounting, tax, legal and other professional services costs, recruiting and relocation costs associated with hiring key senior management and personnel new to Solventum, tax costs and other costs; and (3) operational challenges as a standalone company, including those related to customer service, pace of change and productivity improvements, could result in additional expenses or reductions in productivity. If Solventum fails to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Spin-Off, or if such benefits are delayed, it could have a material adverse effect on its competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Solventum’s accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which it is subject to as a standalone publicly traded company following the Spin-Off.

Solventum’s financial results were previously included within the consolidated results of 3M. Solventum was not directly subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Exchange Act. As a result of the Spin-Off, Solventum is directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and a report by its independent registered public accounting firm. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on Solventum’s management and administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources.

To comply with these requirements, Solventum has needed to migrate its systems, including information technology systems and enterprise resource planning systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. Solventum has incurred and expects to incur additional annual expenses related to these steps, and those expenses may be significant. If Solventum is unable to implement appropriate financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, its ability to comply with its financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

21

Table of

Contents

In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum incurred debt obligations and may incur additional obligations in the future, which could adversely affect its business and profitability and its ability to meet other obligations.

In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum completed certain financing transactions. As a result of such transactions and as of December 31, 2024, Solventum had approximately $8.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness. Depending on market or other economic conditions, Solventum could also incur additional indebtedness in the future.

This significant amount of debt could potentially have important consequences to Solventum and its fixed income and equity investors, including:

•
requiring a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to make interest payments;

•
making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations;

•
increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing;

•
increasing its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•
reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow its business;

•
limiting Solventum’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry;

•
placing Solventum at a competitive disadvantage relative to its competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt;

•
requiring Solventum to repatriate earnings to the U.S., causing withholding taxes to be applied, which in turn could increase Solventum’s effective tax rate; and

•
limiting Solventum’s ability to raise additional capital or borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase ordinary shares.

To the extent that Solventum incurs additional indebtedness, the foregoing risks could increase. In addition, Solventum’s actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Its cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and Solventum may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.

Solventum may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the Spin-Off.

Under current U.S. federal income tax law, a spin-off that otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment can be rendered taxable to the parent corporation and its shareholders as a result of certain post-spin-off transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of the spun-off corporation. To preserve the tax-free treatment of the distribution and certain related transactions, and in addition to Solventum’s indemnity obligation described below, the Tax Matters Agreement restricts Solventum, for the two-year period following the distribution, except in specific circumstances, from (1) entering into any transaction pursuant to which all or a portion of the shares of Solventum stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise; (2) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds; (3) repurchasing shares of Solventum stock other than in certain open-market transactions; and (4) ceasing to actively conduct certain of Solventum’s businesses. Further, the Tax Matters Agreement imposes similar restrictions on Solventum and its subsidiaries that are intended to prevent certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization from failing to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or for applicable non-U.S. income tax purposes. The Tax Matters Agreement also prohibits Solventum from taking or failing to take any other action that would prevent the distribution and certain related transactions (or certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization) from qualifying as tax-free transactions under applicable law. These restrictions may limit Solventum’s ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions or other transactions that it may otherwise believe to be in the best interests of its shareholders or that might increase the value of its business.

If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Solventum, as well as its shareholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In addition, if certain internal restructuring transactions were to fail to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal or non-U.S. income tax purposes, Solventum could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In certain circumstances, Solventum could be required to indemnify 3M for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement. 

It was a condition to the Spin-Off that (1) the private letter ruling received by 3M from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters relating to the Spin-Off, including the qualification of the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code,” such qualification, “U.S. Tax-Free Status” and, such ruling, the “IRS Ruling”) be valid; and (2) 3M received one or more opinions of 3M’s tax advisors regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status (each, a “Tax Opinion”). The IRS Ruling is and any Tax Opinion were based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of 

22

Table of

Contents

3M and Solventum, including those relating to the past and future conduct of 3M and Solventum. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if any representations or covenants contained in any of the separation-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the IRS Ruling and/or any Tax Opinion are inaccurate or not complied with by 3M, Solventum or any of their respective subsidiaries, the IRS Ruling and/or such Tax Opinion may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.

Notwithstanding 3M’s receipt of the IRS Ruling and any Tax Opinion, in each case, regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status, the IRS could determine that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the IRS Ruling or such Tax Opinion was based are inaccurate or have not been complied with. In addition, the IRS Ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and any Tax Opinion represents the judgment of such advisor and is not binding on the IRS or any court and the IRS or a court may disagree with the conclusions in such Tax Opinion. Accordingly, notwithstanding 3M’s receipt of the IRS Ruling and the Tax Opinion(s), in each case, regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the Spin-Off and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such challenge, 3M, Solventum and their shareholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability.

If the Spin-Off and certain related transactions were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 3M would recognize a taxable gain as if it had sold the Solventum common stock distributed to 3M shareholders in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and 3M shareholders who received Solventum common stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. Even if the distribution and certain related transactions otherwise qualify as generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, it may result in taxable gain to 3M (but not its shareholders) under Section 355(e) of the Code if the distribution were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in 3M or Solventum. For this purpose, any acquisitions of 3M or Solventum shares within the period beginning two years before the Spin-Off and ending two years after the distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although 3M or Solventum may be able to rebut that presumption. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual in nature and subject to a comprehensive analysis of the facts and circumstances of the particular case. Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling and the Tax Opinion(s), a sufficient change in ownership of 3M or Solventum may occur that could result in a material tax liability to 3M.

In addition, prior to the Spin-Off, 3M and its subsidiaries completed the internal reorganization, and 3M, Solventum and their respective subsidiaries incurred certain tax costs in connection with the internal reorganization, including non-U.S. tax costs resulting from transactions in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may be material. With respect to certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization, 3M has requested and intends to obtain tax rulings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions and/or opinions of external tax advisors, in each case, regarding the tax treatment of such transactions. Such tax rulings and opinions will be based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of 3M, Solventum or their respective subsidiaries. If any of these representations or statements is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if 3M, Solventum or any of their respective subsidiaries do not fulfill or otherwise comply with any such undertakings or covenants, such tax rulings and/or opinions may be invalid or the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Further, notwithstanding receipt of any such tax rulings and/or opinions, there can be no assurance that the relevant taxing authorities will not assert that the tax treatment of the relevant transactions differs from the conclusions reached in the relevant tax rulings and/or opinions. In the event any such tax rulings and/or opinions cannot be obtained or the relevant taxing authorities prevail with any challenge in respect of any relevant transaction, Solventum and 3M could be subject to significant tax liabilities.

Under the Tax Matters Agreement that Solventum entered into with 3M, Solventum generally is required to indemnify 3M for any taxes resulting from the separation (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (1) an acquisition of all or a portion of Solventum’s equity securities or assets, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether Solventum participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (2) other actions or failures to act by Solventum or (3) certain of Solventum’s representations, covenants or undertakings being incorrect or violated. Any such indemnity obligations could be material. In addition, Solventum, 3M and each company’s respective subsidiaries may have incurred certain tax costs in connection with the separation, which may be material.

The transfer to Solventum of certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required the consents or approvals of, or provide other rights to, third parties and governmental authorities. If such consents or approvals were not obtained, Solventum may not be entitled to the full benefit of such contracts, permits and other assets and rights, which could increase its expenses or otherwise harm its business and financial performance.

23

Table of

Contents

The Separation and Distribution Agreement provided that certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights were to be transferred from 3M or its subsidiaries to Solventum or its subsidiaries in connection with the separation. The transfer of certain of these contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required consents or approvals of third parties or governmental authorities or provided other rights to third parties. In addition, in some circumstances, Solventum and 3M are joint beneficiaries of contracts, and Solventum and 3M may have needed the consents of third parties in order to split or separate the existing contracts or the relevant portion of the existing contracts to Solventum or 3M.

Some parties may use consent requirements or other rights to seek to terminate contracts or obtain more favorable contractual terms from Solventum, which, for example, could take the form of price increases. This could require Solventum to expend additional resources in order to obtain the services or assets previously provided under the contract or require Solventum to seek arrangements with new third parties or obtain letters of credit or other forms of credit support. If Solventum is unable to obtain required consents or approvals, it may be unable to obtain the benefits, permits, assets and contractual commitments that are intended to be allocated to Solventum as part of the Spin-Off, and Solventum may be required to seek alternative arrangements to obtain services and assets that may be more costly and/or of lower quality. The termination or modification of these contracts or permits or the failure to timely complete the transfer or separation of these contracts or permits could negatively affect Solventum’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Following the Spin-Off, Solventum’s commercial relationships with 3M remain significant, which could adversely affect Solventum’s business, its ability to meet other obligations and the market price of its common stock.

Following the Spin-Off, Solventum continues to have significant commercial relationships with 3M, including under the agreements that Solventum entered into with 3M in connection with the Spin-Off, which include the Separation and Distribution Agreement, a Transition Services Agreement, a Transition Distribution Services Agreement, a Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, Research and Development Master Services Agreements, Real Estate License Agreements, an Intellectual Property Cross License Agreement, a 3M Mark Use Agreement, a Transition Trademark License Agreement, Master Supply Agreements, a Tax Matters Agreement, an Employee Matters Agreement, and a Stockholder’s and Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the “3M Agreements”), as well as 3M’s continued ownership of Solventum’s common stock and the ownership of equity interests of 3M by certain officers and directors of Solventum. These commercial relationships could potentially have important consequences to Solventum and its investors, including:

•
Solventum could be negatively affected if it is required to make material payments pursuant to its indemnification obligations to 3M with respect to certain taxes (and any related costs and other damages) resulting from the separation and for uninsured liabilities related to the Bair Hugger patient warming system under the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other 3M Agreements. In addition, 3M’s indemnity of Solventum with respect to certain liabilities relating to PFAS prior to Spin-Off may not be sufficient to protect Solventum against the full amount of such liabilities if, for example, 3M fails to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations or disputes whether that liability arose prior to the Spin-Off. 

•
If Solventum does not satisfactorily perform its obligations under the 3M Agreements, it may be held liable for any resulting losses suffered by 3M, subject to certain limits. In addition, during the transition support periods under the Transition Services Agreement, the Transition Distribution Services Agreement and the Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, Solventum’s management and employees may be required to divert their attention away from its business in order to provide services to 3M.

•
The terms of the 3M Agreements may be less beneficial to Solventum than the terms that would have resulted from arm’s-length negotiations between unaffiliated third parties, because the 3M Agreements were prepared in the context of the Spin-Off while Solventum was still a wholly owned subsidiary of 3M and did not have an independent Board of Directors or a management team that was independent of 3M.

•
Solventum may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if it cannot transition effectively from 3M’s existing operating systems, databases and programming languages that support certain of its systems, including, for example, research and development support, information technology infrastructure and systems and accounting and reporting systems. The process of implementing an information technology infrastructure, in particular, has been and is expected to be expensive and time-consuming, and any difficulty, delay or additional expense incurred in developing such an infrastructure or transitioning from 3M’s information technology environment and systems could be disruptive to Solventum’s business operations and create risks to Solventum’s relationships with customers and other third parties. The failure to implement the new systems and transition data successfully and cost-effectively could disrupt Solventum’s business operations and have a material adverse effect on its profitability. In addition, these systems and services may also be more expensive than the amounts reflected in its historical consolidated financial statements or less efficient than the systems and services 3M is expected to provide during the transition period to Solventum.

24

Table of

Contents

•
Solventum is relying on 3M to satisfy its obligations under the 3M Agreements not only for a successful transition but also for the success of its long-term operations. If 3M does not, or is unable to, satisfy its obligations under some of the 3M Agreements, such as the Research and Development Master Services Agreements and the Master Supply Agreements, under which 3M has agreed to provide services or goods to Solventum for either a long-term duration or for a shorter transition period, as applicable, Solventum could experience significant short-term and long-term disruptions to its business or other operational difficulties or losses. 

•
The disposition by 3M of its remaining ownership interest in Solventum, which currently represents 19.9% of the outstanding Solventum common stock, may be subject to various conditions, including receipt of any necessary regulatory and other approvals and the existence of satisfactory market conditions. These conditions may not be satisfied or 3M may decide for any other reason not to consummate the disposition and instead retain a significant ownership interest in Solventum for a period of time, not exceeding five years. Satisfying the conditions relating to such disposition may require actions that 3M has not anticipated. Any delay by 3M in completing the disposition could have a material adverse effect on the market price for Solventum common stock.

•
Certain of Solventum’s directors and employees may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their financial interests in 3M or because of their previous positions with 3M, which could have implications for both Solventum and 3M. For example, conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between Solventum and 3M regarding the terms of the 3M Agreements or out of any commercial arrangements that Solventum or 3M may enter into in the future.

•
The 3M Agreements may limit Solventum’s ability to fully exploit certain intellectual property due to certain field of use restrictions on the licenses granted between the parties, which may permit 3M to compete with Solventum using intellectual property owned by or licensed to Solventum. Solventum’s ability to compete may be further impacted by the non-competition provisions contained in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, which prohibit Solventum from manufacturing and/or selling certain products, or from selling its products to certain end users for a specified period of time following the Spin-Off.

Any of the foregoing may adversely impact demand for Solventum’s products or cause Solventum to lose market share, and could result in operational disruptions or additional expense, all of which may have an adverse effect on Solventum’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or may adversely impact the market price of Solventum’s common stock.

Risks Related to Solventum’s Business 

General Economic and Business Risks

Solventum’s results may be impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade and geopolitical conditions, war and other events beyond its control.

Solventum develops, manufactures, distributes and sells its products globally, and, accordingly, Solventum’s operations and the execution of its business strategies and plans are subject to global competition and economic and geopolitical risks that are beyond its control, such as, among other things, disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns, military conflicts, political changes and trends such as protectionism, economic nationalism resulting in government actions impacting international trade agreements, imposing trade restrictions such as tariffs, and retaliatory countermeasures, changes in regulatory regimes that could restrict Solventum’s ability to manufacture and sell its products (including healthcare regulatory regimes), diminished or insufficient protection of intellectual property and government deficit reduction and other austerity measures in locations or industries in which Solventum operates. For example, changes in the policies or practices of government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) resulting from the change in the U.S. presidential administration could adversely impact the amount of funding Solventum’s customers have for its products and services. Further escalation of specific trade tensions, including those between the U.S. and China, or more broadly of global trade conflict, could adversely impact Solventum’s business and operations around the world. Solventum’s business is also impacted by social, political and labor conditions in locations in which Solventum or its suppliers or customers operate; adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital; monetary policy; interest rates; inflation; recession; commodity prices; currency volatility or exchange control; ability to expatriate earnings; and other laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which Solventum or its suppliers or customers operate.

The global economy has been impacted by the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and other geopolitical events. The U.S. and other governments have imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. 3M suspended operations of its subsidiaries, including those of Solventum’s business, in Russia in March 2022 and, in September 2022, committed to a plan to exit the related net assets in Russia, including those of Solventum’s business, through a sale of 3M’s Russian subsidiaries that was consummated in 

25

Table of

Contents

June 2023. Solventum has operations that source certain raw materials from suppliers in Russia and has experienced related supply disruption due to the conflict. These geopolitical tensions could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, further supply chain disruptions impacting downstream customers, higher energy costs, lower consumer demand and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect Solventum’s business and supply chain.

Public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic may increase Solventum’s cost of doing business and disrupt Solventum’s operations.

Due to Solventum’s global operations, Solventum’s business is and will be impacted by public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic in the locations in which Solventum or its suppliers or customers operate, and these events have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, Solventum’s operations and financial performance. For example, the global COVID-19 pandemic, including the related governmental responses to it, has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has impacted and will continue to impact Solventum’s operations, including its supply chain and its manufacturing and distribution capabilities. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the continued service and availability of skilled personnel necessary to run Solventum’s operations, including through increased absenteeism in connection with the rise of COVID-19 variants and objections to governmental vaccine mandates or heightened safety protocols. To the extent Solventum’s management or other personnel are impacted in significant numbers by COVID-19 or another public health crisis and are not available to perform their professional duties, Solventum could experience disruptions in its manufacturing operations or disruptions in other activities and other functions. Solventum is not able to predict the impact of public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

Our brands are critical to our success, and damage to our reputation or our brands could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our ability to compete successfully depends on the strength of our brands. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum now operates under its own brand and accordingly may no longer benefit from 3M’s long operating history, reputation and well-known brand. Developing and maintaining the reputation of our brands is a critical component of our ability to attract and retain employees and maintain and develop our relationships with consumers, customers, manufacturers, suppliers, distributors and other third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, influencers and other individuals with whom we have relationships. We believe employees, consumers, customers and third-party partners value the reputation and status of our brands. However, these efforts may not be successful, and the loss of benefits conferred by 3M’s brand recognition and reputation or the failure to maintain the value of our brands could impact our relationships or brand loyalty with employees, consumers, customers and third-party partners and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our reputation and our brands could in the future be damaged by negative publicity, whether or not valid. Negative publicity could relate to our company, our brands, our products, our supply chain, our ingredients, our packaging, our ESG practices, our employees or any other aspect of our business. Our reputation or our brands could also be adversely affected by negative publicity related to our industry, our competitors, our competitors’ products, our customers or our third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, and other individuals with whom we have relationships, even if the publicity is not directly related to our company or our brands and even if the publicity is not accurate. In addition, widespread use of digital and social media platforms around the world has greatly increased the accessibility of information and the speed with which it is disseminated, which has made, and likely will continue to make, maintaining our reputation and our brands more challenging. Damage to our reputation or our brands could cause employees, consumers, customers and third-party partners to lose trust in our business or our products, require us to expend substantial resources to remedy the damage or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and other strategic events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible further organizational restructuring, could affect future results.

Solventum monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and may make acquisitions, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure or enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures. These activities may result in substantial investment of Solventum’s resources. The success of any such activities will depend upon a number of factors, including Solventum’s ability to:

•
identify suitable acquisition targets or assets, conduct due diligence, negotiate transactions on favorable terms and ultimately complete such transactions;

•
compete for acquisition targets and assets, which may lead to substantial increases in purchase price or terms that are less attractive to Solventum;

•
finance any future acquisition, investment, alliance or other transaction on terms acceptable to Solventum, if at all (which may involve the use of Solventum’s shares for payment of the purchase price);

26

Table of

Contents

•
identify, negotiate and ultimately complete suitable divestitures or other strategic transactions;

•
comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations;

•
obtain any legally required rulings by antitrust or other regulatory bodies;

•
successfully and timely integrate and operate acquired businesses;

•
protect intellectual property and prevail in litigation relating to newly acquired technologies;

•
predict or realize expected growth opportunities, cost savings, synergies and market acceptance of acquired companies’ products; and

•
successfully identify and retain key target employees and customers.

In addition, acquisitions may expose Solventum to significant risks and uncertainties, including failure to identify significant non-compliant behaviors or practices by, or liabilities relating to, the acquisition target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; successor liability imposed by regulators for actions by the acquisition target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; and diversion of management’s attention from existing operations to the acquisition and integration process. Such transactions will be subject, in certain circumstances, to the consent of 3M under the Tax Matters Agreement that Solventum entered into with 3M, as discussed in “—Risks Related to the Spin-Off and Solventum’s Relationship with 3M.” There can be no assurance that any future transactions of this type will be pursued or, if pursued, will be successful.

Solventum may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to Solventum, or at all.

Solventum could need access to the capital markets to supplement its existing funds and cash generated from operations to satisfy its needs for working capital, to meet capital expenditure and debt service requirements, and for other business initiatives. Solventum’s ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by its debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions or uncertainties that affect the capital markets. In the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, Solventum may be unable to obtain capital market financing on favorable terms, or at all.

Change in Solventum’s credit ratings could increase cost of funding.

Solventum’s credit ratings are important to its cost of capital. The major rating agencies will routinely evaluate Solventum’s credit profile and assign debt ratings to Solventum. This evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength, business and financial risk, as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. Changes in Solventum’s credit ratings could adversely affect its ability to obtain capital market financing and the cost of such financing. Moreover, a reduction in Solventum’s credit rating to below investment-grade could cause certain customers to reduce or cease to do business with Solventum, which would adversely impact its financial performance.

Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may affect Solventum’s ability to realize projected growth rates in its sales and earnings.

Because Solventum’s financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and a material percentage of its revenues are derived from outside the U.S., Solventum’s results of operations and its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings could be adversely affected if the value of the U.S. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum may be more exposed to matters such as foreign currency exchange rates as a smaller, standalone company than it had been as a part of the larger 3M enterprise.

Solventum cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or its ability to mitigate these risks. Solventum may experience additional volatility because of increasing inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors, including in emerging market countries. Solventum may be unable to hedge the effects of foreign exchange rate changes in a cost-effective manner.

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect Solventum.

Solventum is exposed to changes in interest rates, including through variable rate debt and due to the fact that increases in interest rates may adversely affect the financial condition of Solventum’s counterparties in a manner that may affect their ability to transact with Solventum or their demand for Solventum’s products and services. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect Solventum’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Market Dynamic Risks

Solventum operates in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future and the healthcare industry may be disrupted, necessitating that Solventum lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share.

27

Table of

Contents

Healthcare markets are characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent introduction of new products, intense competition and pricing pressure. Solventum faces substantial competition from international and domestic companies of all sizes, including existing competitors, new market entrants and non-traditional entrants. Demand for Solventum’s products and services, which impacts revenue and profit margins, will be affected by, among other things, (i) the development and timing of the introduction of competitive products and services; (ii) Solventum’s pricing strategies; (iii) changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers, vendors or channel partners; (iv) changes in customers’ preferences for Solventum’s products and services, including the success of products and services offered by competitors; (v) changes in customer designs for their products and services that can affect the demand for Solventum’s products and services; (vi) changes in the business environment related to disruptive technologies, such as artificial intelligence, block-chain, expanded analytics and other enhanced learnings from increasing volume of available data; (vii) local market conditions, such as mandatory intellectual property transfers, protectionist measures and other government policies supporting increased local competition; (viii) costs of production or delivery, whether due to geographic location, currency fluctuations, taxes, duties or otherwise; (ix) the perception of Solventum’s brand and image in the market; (x) changing regulatory standards, legal requirements or enforcement rigor; (xi) failure to acquire or effectively integrate businesses and technologies that complement or expand Solventum’s existing businesses; and (xii) consolidation among customers, suppliers, channel partners or competitors.

In addition, Solventum’s inability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations for, and supply commercial quantities of, Solventum’s products and services as quickly and effectively as its competitors could limit market acceptance. Solventum’s competitors may also have greater financial, marketing and other resources, respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; adopt more aggressive pricing policies, or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on Solventum’s revenues and results of operations.

Many healthcare industry companies, including healthcare systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers and insurers, are consolidating or have formed strategic alliances. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. Consolidations also create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and Solventum may lose customers. If consolidation trends continue, it could adversely affect Solventum’s business results, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. If Solventum faces an increase in costs or reduces its prices because of industry consolidation, or if Solventum loses customers as a result of consolidation, its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect Solventum’s business.

Solventum’s customers include hospitals, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Research and development spending of such customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. The level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. The availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by many factors, including public spending priorities, available resources, economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Stalemates in national, regional or local government budgeting decisions could also lead to substantial delays or reductions in governmental spending. Any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause Solventum’s customers to delay or forgo purchases of its products.

Solventum’s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new products and services, including its ability to continually renew its pipeline of new products and services and to bring those products and services to market.

A significant element of Solventum’s strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product and service development. New service and product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The ability to bring new products and services to market is subject to difficulties or delays in development, such as the inability to identify viable new products and services, obtain adequate intellectual property protection, regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad and successfully complete clinical trials or gain market acceptance of new products and services. It is uncertain when or whether Solventum’s products or services currently under development will be launched or will be commercially successful. Additionally, new offerings may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards or competitors’ innovations or reverse engineering efforts. If Solventum cannot successfully introduce new products and services that address the needs of its customers, Solventum’s offerings may become obsolete, and its business results, cash flows and financial condition could suffer.

28

Table of

Contents

The success of many of Solventum’s products depends upon certain key healthcare professionals.

Solventum works with leading global healthcare professionals who provide considerable knowledge and experience. The research, development, marketing and sales of many of Solventum’s products depend on maintaining working relationships with healthcare professionals. Solventum relies on these professionals for assistance in the development and marketing of its products. A public health crisis, including any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic may limit access to these professionals, and resulting travel restrictions, shutdowns and similar measures in response to any such public health crisis may impact Solventum’s ability to maintain these relationships, which in turn would adversely affect its ability to develop, market and sell new and improved products. If new laws, regulations or other developments limit Solventum’s ability to appropriately engage these professionals or to continue to receive their advice and input or Solventum is otherwise unsuccessful in maintaining strong working relationships with these healthcare professionals, the success of Solventum’s products could suffer, which could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or other cost containment measures or worsening economic conditions could affect the demand for Solventum’s products and the prices at which they are sold.

Sales of many of Solventum’s products directly or indirectly depend on the availability of reimbursement and the amount of reimbursement that its customers may seek from various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.), and private health plans. The coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. Reimbursement rates can also affect the market acceptance rate of new technologies and products.

In general, employers and third-party payers, particularly in the U.S., have become increasingly cost-conscious, with higher deductibles imposed in many medical plans. Additionally, austerity measures or other reforms by foreign governments may limit, reduce or eliminate payments for Solventum’s products and adversely affect both pricing flexibility and demand for Solventum’s products. Even if Solventum develops promising new products, it may find limited demand for the products unless reimbursement approval is obtained from third-party payers. Further legislative or administrative reforms that impact reimbursements or pricing could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, current or worsening economic conditions, including recessionary pressures, may adversely affect the ability of Solventum’s customers to pay for its products and services, and the amount spent on healthcare generally, which could result in decreased demand for Solventum’s products and services, declining cash flows, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition.

Pricing pressure has also increased due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, trends towards managed care, the shift towards governments becoming the primary payers of healthcare expenses, reduction in reimbursement levels and medical procedure volumes and government laws and regulations relating to sales and promotion, reimbursement and pricing generally. As a result of these and other measures, including future measures or reforms that cannot be predicted, reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to allow Solventum to sell its products on a competitive basis. Legislation and regulations affecting reimbursement for Solventum’s products may change at any time. Solventum cannot predict the impact of these pressures and initiatives or any negative effects of any additional regulations that may affect its business.

Solventum’s future results are subject to vulnerability with respect to materials and fluctuations in the costs and availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials, energy, production capacity and labor due to shortages, increased demand and wages, logistics, supply chain interruptions, manufacturing site disruptions, regulatory developments and other disruptive factors.

Solventum depends on various components, compounds, raw materials and energy (including oil and natural gas and their derivatives) supplied by others for the manufacturing of its products. If suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices or cease to supply to Solventum, it may continue to cause delays in delivery or significantly increase Solventum’s costs. If Solventum loses suppliers, if their operations are substantially interrupted, if their prices continue to increase significantly due to inflationary pressures, or if any of them fail to meet performance or quality specifications, Solventum may be required to identify and qualify one or more replacement suppliers. This also may require Solventum to redesign or modify its products to incorporate new components and obtain regulatory authorization, qualification or certification of these redesigned or modified products.

Supplier relationships could be interrupted due to supplier material shortages, equipment malfunctions, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, labor shortages and other disruptive events, or could be terminated. In addition, some of Solventum’s suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers, and Solventum’s ability to meet its obligations to customers depends on the performance, product quality and stability of such suppliers and Solventum’s ability to source 

29

Table of

Contents

alternatives in a cost effective manner. Solventum may experience a sustained interruption in its receipt of adequate supplies or the distribution of its products, or disruption to key manufacturing sites’ operations, including due to government actions relating to discharge or emission permits or other legal or regulatory requirements. In addition, there can be no assurance that Solventum’s processes to minimize volatility in component and material pricing will be successful or that future price fluctuations or shortages will be managed. Solventum could incur contractual penalties, experience a deterioration in customer relationships or suffer harm to its reputation if it is unable to fulfill its obligations to customers. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Solventum’s ability to fulfill supply obligations to its customers or on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Solventum’s business also depends on having sufficient production capacity to meet the demand for Solventum’s products and to support Solventum’s future growth. [Solventum is conducting capital expansion efforts to increase its manufacturing capacity in certain areas of its operations.][9] These efforts may not be successful. If this is the case, it could adversely affect Solventum’s operations and limit Solventum’s ability to support future growth or significantly impact its financial results and condition.

In addition, many of Solventum’s products require sterilization prior to sale, and Solventum utilizes contract sterilizers to perform this service. To the extent Solventum’s contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize Solventum’s products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, Solventum may be unable to transition to alternative internal or external resources or methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on Solventum’s results of operations and financial condition.

3M is the sole source of supply for raw materials used in certain of our products and our business will be harmed if 3M does not satisfy our requirements.

3M is the sole source of supply for certain chemical materials and inputs used in our products (including transparent IV film dressings, biological indicators for sterilization assurance, medical securement tapes and dental composites and cements) that, as of the Spin-Off, accounted for approximately $3 billion of our revenue for fiscal year 2024, including a material with a manufacturing process proprietary to 3M that is used in our products accounting for approximately $2 billion of our revenue for fiscal year 2024. While 3M has agreed to supply these items to Solventum for a period of time, our business will be harmed if 3M does not satisfy our requirements during such period of time, and Solventum may subsequently need to either reach agreement with 3M for an extended supply arrangement, develop our own manufacturing capabilities for these materials or identify an appropriate substitution or product reformulation in order to continue manufacturing and selling the applicable products. There is no guarantee that 3M will agree to continue to supply these materials following the term of the supply agreement on commercially reasonable terms or at all. At this time, Solventum has not identified an appropriate substitute input to replace the materials supplied by 3M, and Solventum does not currently have the capability to manufacture such materials itself. If 3M’s obligation to supply us with this material ends before we can develop or secure an alternative source of supply, the related product sales, which may be material, will be at risk. Any alternatives we pursue to mitigate this risk might also result in higher costs to source or produce the relevant products. Solventum’s failure to ensure a continuing supply of these materials or find acceptable substitutes, or the costs incurred by Solventum in connection with securing such continuing supply or finding such substitutes, could have a material adverse effect on Solventum’s business, including potentially the loss of revenue from the relevant products.

Legal and Compliance Risks

Solventum is subject to risks related to international, federal, state and local treaties, laws and regulations that are subject to change at any time, as well as compliance risks related to legal or regulatory requirements, contract requirements, policies and practices or other matters that require or encourage Solventum or its suppliers, vendors or channel partners to conduct business in a certain way. The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with the treaties, laws, regulations and requirements could have a material adverse effect on Solventum’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Solventum operates globally, including in some jurisdictions that pose potentially elevated risks of fraud or corruption or increased risk of internal control issues, and is subject to risks related to international, federal, state and local treaties, laws and regulations, including those involving product liability; antitrust; intellectual property; environmental, health and safety; tax; the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws; international import and export requirements and trade sanctions compliance; regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and similar foreign agencies; privacy laws and information security policies and regulations; and U.S. federal healthcare program-related laws and regulations including the False Claims Act, anti-kickback laws and the Physician Payments Sunshine Act. Solventum is also subject to compliance risks related to legal or regulatory requirements, contract requirements, policies and practices or other matters that require or encourage Solventum and its suppliers, vendors or channel parties, to conduct business in a certain way, and Solventum’s activity as well as the activity of 

30

Table of

Contents

such suppliers, vendors or channel parties could adversely affect Solventum’s business. In particular, Solventum is subject to legal risks with respect to the below laws and regulations:

•
Antitrust - Regulatory authorities may have authority in the event of alleged non-compliance with applicable law to impose fines and sanctions on Solventum or to require changes or impose conditions on the way Solventum conducts business. Under certain circumstances, violations of antitrust laws could result in suspension or debarment of Solventum’s ability to contract with certain parties or complete certain transactions. In addition, an increasing number of jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to seek damages asserting claims of anti-competitive conduct. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject Solventum to fines or criminal or other penalties.

•
FCPA and other anti-bribery laws - The failure to comply with the FCPA and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws could result in significant civil fines and penalties or criminal sanctions against Solventum. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, many of Solventum’s customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with governmental entities, the employees of which may be considered government officials under such laws. Many anti-corruption laws also prohibit bribery of private sector individuals, and thus extend far beyond interactions with government officials. Solventum is subject to the FCPA’s accounting provisions, which require Solventum to keep accurate books and records and to maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances of management’s control, authority and responsibility over Solventum’s assets. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more frequent voluntary self-disclosure by companies, aggressive investigations (including coordinated investigations across countries and governmental authorities) and enforcement proceedings by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental agencies, and assessment of significant civil and criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions against companies and individuals. From time to time, Solventum or its affiliates receive reports, internally and externally, via various reporting channels, about business and other activities that raise compliance or other legal or litigation issues. Solventum has been in the past, and in the future could be, required to investigate such reports and cooperate with U.S. and foreign regulatory authorities in such investigations, audit, monitor compliance or alter its practices as part of such investigations. While Solventum maintains and implements U.S. and international compliance programs, including policies and procedures, training and internal controls designed to reduce the risk of noncompliance, Solventum’s employees, suppliers, vendors, channel partners or agents may violate such policies and procedures and engage in practices that contravene relevant laws and regulations. Any alleged or actual violations of these anti-corruption laws may subject Solventum to government scrutiny, criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, including exclusion from government contracting, and could disrupt its business, adversely affect its reputation and result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

•
Environmental Laws - Solventum is subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites and emissions or discharges into the land, air or water. If Solventum or its suppliers violate these environmental laws and regulations, facilities could be shut down, and violators could be fined or otherwise sanctioned. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require Solventum to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material.

•
Anti-Kickback and False Claims Laws - Solventum’s products are purchased by healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. As a result, Solventum’s products are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and healthcare fraud. Many states have similar laws that apply to reimbursement by state Medicaid and other funded programs as well as in some cases to all payers. As a manufacturer of products reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, Solventum is subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires it to annually report certain payments and other transfers of value it makes to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject Solventum or its officers and employees to criminal and civil financial penalties.

•
Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Laws - Because Solventum is a business with a significant global footprint, compliance with evolving regulations and standards in data privacy and cybersecurity may result in increased costs, compliance challenges and the threat of increased regulatory enforcement activity. Solventum’s business relies on the secure electronic transmission, storage and hosting of sensitive information, including personal information, protected health information, financial information, intellectual property and other sensitive information related to our customers 

31

Table of

Contents

and workforce. Solventum is required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure and other processing of personal data in the U.S. and in other countries, including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other similar state laws in the U.S., the European Union’s Global Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the U.K.’s Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation, China’s Personal Information Protection Law, PRC Cybersecurity Law and Personal Data Cross Border Transfer Rule, and various other country-specific requirements at the state and federal level around the world. In addition, privacy laws and regulations are becoming stricter and may potentially impose additional requirements on Solventum’s business, and certain jurisdictions have implemented data localization laws which can be costly and operationally difficult to satisfy. Solventum cannot be sure how these laws and regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to its operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, Solventum’s ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations may be costly and require ongoing modifications to its policies, procedures and systems. If Solventum or third parties fail to adequately safeguard confidential personal data, or if such information or data are wrongfully used by Solventum or third parties or disclosed to unauthorized persons or entities, such an event could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

•
ESG and Climate Change - There has been increased focus in recent years by federal, international, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies to expand mandatory ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements, including the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), the recently enacted legislation in California requiring reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and climate risk and similar regulatory requirements in other jurisdictions. Additionally, there is an increase in regulatory mandates to combat and/or limit the effects of climate change through a variety of means, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions (and the establishment of enhanced internal processes or systems to track them), policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on fuel and energy. If legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the U.S. or in any other jurisdiction in which Solventum does business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than its current legal or regulatory obligations, Solventum and companies in its supply chain may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, which could cause disruption in the sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of its products and adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Furthermore, new regulatory mandates related to extended producer responsibility laws, single-use plastic or chemical bans, or similar product-focused legislation may cause shift in market trends. These outcomes may in turn result in customers transitioning to competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational damage, loss of customer confidence or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price).

Solventum’s results of operations could be adversely impacted if the costs to comply with these evolving treaties, laws, regulations and requirements are greater than projected by Solventum. In addition, the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with these treaties, laws, regulations and requirements are difficult to reliably predict, may differ from Solventum’s expectations and can result in, among other things, government scrutiny; criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including fines; limitations on the extent to which Solventum can conduct business; employee and business partner terminations due to policy violations; reputational damage; private rights of action that result in litigation exposure, including expenses and costs incurred in connection with settlement or court proceedings, for Solventum; and other liabilities. In some instances, Solventum may make self-disclosures to relevant authorities that may pursue or decline to pursue enforcement proceedings against it. In addition, detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of these treaties, laws, regulations or requirements is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of Solventum’s senior management. Although Solventum maintains general liability insurance to mitigate monetary exposure, the amount of liability that may result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed, the applicable insurance coverage. Various factors or developments can lead Solventum to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. Conducting internal investigations or responding to audits or investigations by government agencies could be costly and time-consuming. A future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in any particular period. In addition, negative publicity related to the matters noted above or other matters involving Solventum may negatively impact Solventum’s reputation.

Solventum may face potential liabilities related to PFAS, which could adversely impact Solventum’s results.

3M has agreed to assume, and indemnify and defend us against, certain liabilities relating to PFAS, generally including all such liabilities relating to the period prior to the Spin-Off, as well as certain liabilities relating to Solventum products that contain PFAS and that continue to be sold on the same basis by Solventum following the Spin-Off through 2025. As an 

32

Table of

Contents

independent company, Solventum is generally responsible for all PFAS-related liabilities resulting from its business, operations and activities following the Spin-Off, subject to the indemnification by 3M of certain liabilities relating to certain Solventum products sold through 2025. See “—Risks Related to the Spin-Off and Solventum’s Relationship with 3M—Following the Spin-Off, Solventum’s commercial relationships with 3M remain significant, which could adversely affect Solventum’s business, its ability to meet other obligations and the market price of its common stock.”

Certain of Solventum’s products, like the products of other companies in Solventum’s industries, contain or are enabled by PFAS. 3M announced in December 2022 that it would work to discontinue the use of PFAS across its product portfolio by the end of 2025, and, as described above, 3M has agreed to indemnify Solventum for certain PFAS-related product claims related to sales of products through such date. Solventum has also taken actions to meet this goal while owned by 3M, and, except as described below, Solventum intends to continue to work toward this goal. In addition, Solventum understands that 3M intends to cease supplying Solventum with PFAS-related products or components by the end of 2025.

Solventum continues to evaluate the availability of third-party components and products that do not contain PFAS in connection with working towards the goal of discontinuing the use of PFAS in its products. Depending on the availability and feasibility of such third-party components and products not containing PFAS (including the ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals), Solventum expects there will be some circumstances in which the use of PFAS-containing materials manufactured by third parties and used in certain applications in Solventum’s product portfolio, such as o-rings, gaskets and seals, membranes, molded plastic parts, release liners, circuit boards, certain electronics and lithium ion batteries and printed circuit boards widely used in commerce across the industries in which Solventum operates, will continue beyond 2025, in which case the 3M indemnification described above would not be available with respect to sales of products containing such materials after 2025. For example, o-rings, gaskets and seals and are used in filters needed for high stress process conditions, molded plastic parts are used in the plastic housing of perioperative temperature management devices, medical grade membranes are used in negative pressure wound therapy fluid canisters, release liners are used with adhesive dressings, circuit boards are used in electronic hardgoods, such as negative pressure wound therapy devices, and lithium ion batteries are included in surgical clippers. In such instances, Solventum intends to continue to evaluate the adoption of third-party products and components that do not contain PFAS to the extent such products and components become available and such adoption is feasible. As noted above, many companies in Solventum’s industries use PFAS-containing products and components, and Solventum believes that its use of such products and components is of a nature and magnitude that is broadly consistent with that of other companies in these industries.

There have been accelerating regulatory and legislative activities concerning PFAS in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere, including increasingly strict restrictions on various uses of PFAS in products, as well as increased litigation relating to PFAS being filed against other parties. The potential options available to Solventum following 2025 (after which sales by Solventum of products containing or enabled by PFAS will no longer be subject to indemnification from 3M), regarding the use of PFAS in products will involve risks, which risks may be material, and could have a material adverse effect on Solventum’s results of operations, cash flows or consolidated financial position.

Climate change and the impacts of climate change may materially adversely affect Solventum’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The impacts of climate change may include physical risks (e.g., rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, including natural disasters), social and human effects (e.g., population dislocations, economic disruption, political and social instability or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (e.g., regulatory or technology changes), shifts in market trends (e.g., customers increasingly prioritize purchasing products that are sustainably made) and other adverse effects. Such impacts may cause physical damage to Solventum’s facilities as well as those of its suppliers, customers and other business partners, and disrupt Solventum’s supply chain and operations by adversely affecting its ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of its business at the quantities and levels it requires due to impairment of the availability and cost of certain products, materials, natural resources, commodities and energy. 

Additionally, the impacts of climate change may further influence customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for products with lower environmental footprints, and for companies to produce and demonstrate progress against greenhouse gas reduction plans and targets. Failure to provide climate-friendly products or demonstrate greenhouse gas reductions could result in loss of market share.

Solventum operates in a strictly regulated industry, and compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the commercialization of Solventum’s products is costly and failure to comply may result in significant penalties.

The products Solventum develops, manufactures and commercializes are regulated in most of the markets Solventum serves. These regulations and standards govern the methods and controls used for the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, safety, sales and distribution, marketing clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, sterilization, installation, servicing, performance and effectiveness of the products Solventum sells globally. These regulations and standards apply to all 

33

Table of

Contents

facilities of Solventum’s business that conduct the activities previously described, regardless of where the facilities are located, as well as the activities performed by most of Solventum’s employees, including but not limited to, sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, medical, affairs and operations, both before and after a product is commercially distributed. Importantly, these regulations are promulgated and enforced by government bodies in individual countries, and differ by country and/or region and are dynamic.

Solventum commits a significant amount of resources to maintain compliance with these regulations and standards, which requires Solventum to create systems, processes and procedures that are aligned with the regulations in all markets Solventum serves. Compliance also requires Solventum to maintain knowledge of the current regulations that govern its activities. As these regulations change, Solventum must adapt its systems, processes and procedures to comply with the new regulations.

Governing bodies monitor compliance, among other ways, by conducting regularly occurring and unexpected audits of Solventum’s facilities to determine if Solventum’s systems, processes and procedures comply with the current regulations in the markets it serves. After each audit, the governing body typically provides a report of their findings describing the observations made during the audit. Sometimes these observations describe minor non-compliance issues in Solventum’s systems, processes and procedures. Often, these gaps require commensurate modifications but have no impact to Solventum’s ability to continue operations and commercialization of its products. In rare situations, the governing body may find significant or major non-compliance issues in Solventum’s systems, processes and procedures. If a governing body concludes, through these audits or otherwise, that Solventum is not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations or that any of its products are defective, ineffective or pose an unreasonable risk for patients, users or others, the governing body may require Solventum to recall a product or products, retract promotional materials and/or cease shipment of products, among other required actions; these requirements may remain in place until Solventum can demonstrate adequate compliance. Failure to demonstrate adequate modifications to Solventum’s systems, processes and procedures and continued compliance or repeat findings may result in more significant enforcement actions including but not limited to: warning letters, revocation of product approvals and licenses, injunctions, product seizure, penalties and fines, consent decrees and criminal prosecution, among other actions. These actions may have a negative impact on Solventum’s capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position.

To market its products internationally in compliance with applicable medical device and pharmaceutical regulations and standards, Solventum must obtain and maintain approvals for products and product modifications. The regulations promulgated by the governing bodies also require Solventum to submit data to demonstrate that its products meet the safety and effectiveness requirements to support the intended uses described in its labeling. This data is reviewed by the governing bodies to determine if Solventum has provided the necessary and sufficient information to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of its products for the intended use described in its labeling. In many cases, the governing bodies request additional information to make this determination, which sometimes requires Solventum to conduct new testing or clinical trials, delaying the approval and commercialization of the product. In rare instances, the governing body may disapprove the application, prohibiting Solventum’s ability to commercialize the product in that market. In these instances, Solventum may decide to cease commercialization efforts for the product in that (or those) market(s) or it may decide to modify the product or retest the products and resubmit the data to the governing bodies. Delays to products approvals or disapproval of Solventum’s applications may have a negative impact to Solventum’s capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position. Solventum’s failure to properly maintain approvals for its products may result in its inability to continue to commercialize products in that market.

This global regulatory environment will likely continue to evolve, which could impact Solventum’s ability, or increase the time and cost, to obtain future approvals for its products. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances and/or approvals to market and sell Solventum’s products can be rigorous, costly and time-consuming and the clearances and/or approvals might not be granted timely or result in limitations on the indicated uses of products.

Regulatory authorities, including the FDA, also strictly regulate the indications for use and associated promotional safety and effectiveness claims that may be made about approved or cleared products. If regulatory authorities determine that Solventum has promoted or marketed a product for off-label use, including through external-facing materials, oral statements or physician training, Solventum could be subject to penalties, fines, injunctions, criminal prosecution or other penalties.

Solventum is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, public procurement and government reimbursements in many jurisdictions, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect Solventum’s business.

Solventum sells its products to government entities throughout the world and will be directly or indirectly subject to government policies governing reimbursement for healthcare procedures and services and various statutes and regulations in a variety of jurisdictions that apply to companies doing business with the government. The laws governing government contracts can differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts or that expose Solventum to higher levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. Similarly, most jurisdictions have public procurement laws and reimbursement policies that set out rules and regulations for purchases and reimbursements by governmental entities. Solventum’s failure to comply with these laws could 

34

Table of

Contents

result in contract terminations, suspension or debarment from contracting with these entities, civil fines and damages, criminal prosecution and possible exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as possible recoupment of any overpayments related to such violations. These jurisdictions may modify their laws, policies, rules or regulations, or impose new requirements that adversely affect Solventum’s business.

Additionally, some governmental entities, including the U.S. federal government, can terminate contracts for their convenience or for Solventum’s default. These governmental entities may also be subject to continued legislative funding approval. Early termination for convenience of one or more of Solventum’s contracts, or a change in a government customer’s funding levels, could impact Solventum’s expected revenues. Early termination for default of one or more of Solventum’s contracts could subject it to penalties and damages resulting from the default, including costs for the governmental entity to reprocure the items under contract, in addition to other penalties previously listed.

Solventum will also be subject to government audits, investigations and oversight proceedings. Efforts to ensure its business arrangements comply with applicable laws will involve substantial costs. If any actions by governmental or enforcement authorities are instituted against Solventum, defense can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. If Solventum is not successful in defending itself or asserting its rights, those actions could have a significant impact on its business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in certain government healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.), contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of its operations. In addition, any of Solventum’s government contracts could be terminated or Solventum could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work.

Solventum is exposed to risks associated with product liability claims, including existing claims and claims resulting from the actions or inactions of its customers or third parties that are outside of its control.

Solventum is exposed to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and marketing of medical technologies. Customers or their patients have brought and likely will continue to bring product liability claims if Solventum’s products fail, or allegedly fail, to perform as expected or show a failure rate that is higher than expected, or the use of Solventum’s products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury, death or property damage. Even if these or similar claims are without merit, they can result in costly and time-consuming litigation. Solventum may also be exposed to claims or regulatory action if its products do not conform or are alleged not to conform to applicable product or design specifications, labeling or manufacturing requirements. Product and other liability actions, claims or injunctions are subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to Solventum’s operations. For these and other reasons, Solventum may choose to settle product liability claims and other liability actions, regardless of their actual merit. If any such action or injunction were finally determined adversely to Solventum, such decision could result in significant damages and reputational harm, including the possibility of punitive damages, and Solventum’s financial position could be adversely affected. Adverse publicity could result in additional regulation of Solventum’s products or the healthcare industry in general, delay regulatory approval of new products, cause reputational harm and adversely affect Solventum’s ability to promote, manufacture and sell its products, even if the claims against Solventum are later shown to be unfounded or unsubstantiated.

In addition, manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of Solventum’s products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of Solventum’s products could lead to injury or other serious adverse events. Such events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to Solventum’s products (either voluntary or as required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to Solventum’s reputation that could reduce future demand for its products.

Information Technology and Intellectual Property Risks

Solventum employs information technology systems to support its business and collect, store and use proprietary and confidential information. Security and data breaches, cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents involving Solventum’s information technology systems and infrastructure could disrupt or interfere with Solventum’s operations; result in the compromise and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information belonging to Solventum or its customers, suppliers and employees; and expose Solventum to numerous expenses, liabilities and other negative consequences, including violations of applicable laws, any or all of which could adversely impact Solventum’s business, reputation and results of operations.

In the ordinary course of business, Solventum relies on centralized and local information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided, hosted or managed by vendors and other third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of businesses. That technology includes systems that could be used to process, transmit and store sensitive information, including personal information, protected health information, employee data, financial 

35

Table of

Contents

information, intellectual property, clinical data and sales and marketing data. Third parties and threat actors, including organized criminals, nation-state or nation-state supported actors who are increasingly well-resourced, regularly attempt to gain unauthorized access to the information technology networks and infrastructure, data and other information used by or belonging to Solventum, and many such attempts are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity and are not recognized until launched against a target. Despite Solventum’s cybersecurity and business continuity measures (including employee and third-party training, monitoring of networks and systems, patching, maintenance and backup of systems and data), its information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially susceptible to attack, compromise, damage, disruption or shutdown, including as a result of the exploitation of known or unknown hardware or software vulnerabilities in its systems, the introduction of computer viruses or ransomware, service or cloud provider disruptions or security breaches, phishing attempts, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. Furthermore, Solventum relies on third-party vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of its information technology systems and resulting products. These third-party systems could also become vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference or other significant disruptions, and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of Solventum’s own systems. Solventum’s increased adoption of remote working, initially driven by the COVID 19 pandemic, also introduces additional threats and risk of disruptions to its information technology networks and infrastructure. Geopolitical conflict may increase cybersecurity risks on a global basis.

In addition, Solventum intends to devote significant resources to develop and deploy cloud, edge and software solutions in healthcare, which must comply with stringent regulations, including certification requirements, in many of the countries in which Solventum’s customers are located, particularly in relation to obtaining, using, storing and transferring personal data. Ensuring such regulatory compliance may take longer or cost more than expected or require that design changes be incorporated into Solventum’s offerings. Solventum also intends to build artificial intelligence (“AI”) into many of its digital offerings, which presents risks and challenges that could affect its acceptance, including flawed AI algorithms, insufficient or biased datasets, malfunctions or manipulations, lack of acceptance from its customers or failure to deliver positive outcomes. Use of these software solutions could result in Solventum’s increased vulnerability to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference or other significant disruptions, exposure to penalties from non-compliance with emerging regulations, and may result in defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of Solventum’s other systems.

Despite Solventum’s cybersecurity measures, it is possible for security vulnerabilities or a cyberattack to remain undetected for an extended time period, up to and including several years, and the prioritization of decisions with respect to security measures and remediation of known vulnerabilities that Solventum and the vendors and other third parties upon which Solventum relies may prove inadequate to protect against attacks. While Solventum may experience future cyberattacks on and disruptions of its information technology systems and infrastructure, Solventum is not aware of any such incidents to date having had a material impact.

If Solventum’s information technology systems, products or services or sensitive data are compromised, there are many consequences that could result including, but not limited to, patients or employees being exposed to financial or medical identity theft or suffering a loss of product functionality; losing existing customers or having difficulty attracting new customers; experiencing difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; being exposed to the loss or misuse of confidential information; having disputes with customers, physicians and other healthcare professionals; experiencing increases in operating expenses or an impairment in its ability to conduct its operations; incurring expenses or losing revenues as a result of a data privacy breach, product failure, information technology outages or disruptions; voluntary or forced recalls or modifications to Solventum’s products; or suffering other adverse consequences including time-consuming and expensive lawsuits or other legal action and damage to Solventum’s reputation.

Solventum is subject to numerous international, federal and state privacy and security laws. Security and data breaches, cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents involving data protected by such laws, such as patient medical records and other health information, could subject Solventum to onerous governmental and regulatory investigations, fines and remediation actions, in addition to private litigation by affected individuals.

Solventum may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect or effectively enforce its intellectual property rights.

Solventum is substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights and relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets and agreements (such as employee, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements) to protect its business and proprietary intellectual property. However, Solventum cannot assure that its means of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing its intellectual property rights will be adequate to maintain a competitive advantage.

Intellectual property laws differ in various jurisdictions in which Solventum operates and are subject to change at any time, which could further restrict Solventum’s ability to protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights. In particular, a portion of Solventum’s revenues is derived from jurisdictions where adequately protecting intellectual property rights may prove more 

36

Table of

Contents

challenging or impossible. In addition, the laws of many jurisdictions may not provide an adequate forum to effectively address situations where Solventum’s intellectual property rights have been compromised.

Protecting against the unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive and Solventum may need to litigate with third parties to enforce or defend patents issued to it or to determine the enforceability and validity of its proprietary rights or those of others. Determining whether an offering infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates a third party’s intellectual property rights involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of this type of litigation is often uncertain and inconsistent.

At any given time, Solventum may be involved as either plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent and other intellectual property litigation, such litigation could result in Solventum’s payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact Solventum’s ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit it from enforcing its patent and proprietary rights against others, which could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Regardless of the merits or outcome, the resolution of any intellectual property dispute could require significant financial and management resources.

Solventum may not receive protection for pending or future applications relating to intellectual property rights owned by or licensed to it and the claims allowed under any issued intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad to protect Solventum’s products, services, solutions and any associated trademarks. Products sold by Solventum’s competitors may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property rights owned or licensed by Solventum and such infringement, misappropriation or violation may be undetected by Solventum. In addition, as Solventum’s patents expire, Solventum may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. Solventum’s inability to protect its intellectual property could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Additionally, Solventum licenses or will license certain intellectual property owned by 3M. As 3M is the owner of such intellectual property, 3M will have discretion to enforce such intellectual property rights, including whether or not to prosecute any infringement of the intellectual property. To the extent 3M does not prosecute infringement of the intellectual property licensed to Solventum, such intellectual property will not be protected and continued infringement of such intellectual property could result in a material adverse effect on Solventum’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Tax Matters Risks

Changes in tax rates, laws or regulations could adversely impact Solventum’s financial results.

Solventum’s business is subject to tax-related external conditions, such as tax rates, laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax rates, laws or regulations, including further developments arising from tax reform legislation or regulation in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, could impact Solventum’s financial statements.

In particular, Solventum could be negatively impacted by the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 2.0 initiative (“BEPS 2.0”) by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) which, if enacted by OECD member countries, would likely impact the amount of tax that multinationals, such as Solventum, pay in the future.

Due to the uncertainty of any tax changes and other tax-related factors at this time, it is currently not possible to assess the ultimate impact these actions may have on Solventum’s financial statements. Solventum intends to monitor BEPS 2.0 and other tax-related developments in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, including rule changes and implementation timing, to evaluate the impact BEPS 2.0 and other tax legislation or regulation may have on Solventum’s financial results.

Solventum’s tax burden could increase as a result of ongoing or future tax audits and inquiries.

Solventum is subject to periodic tax audits and inquiries by tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with Solventum’s interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations, which could result in examination from taxing authorities and additional taxes. Solventum regularly assesses the likely outcomes of these tax audits in order to determine the appropriateness of Solventum’s tax provision. However, Solventum may not accurately predict the outcomes of these tax audits and, as a result, the ultimate outcome of any of these examinations could have a retroactive or prospective impact on Solventum’s overall tax burden.

Solventum could be negatively impacted by future changes in the allocation of income to each of the income tax jurisdictions in which Solventum operates.

37

Table of

Contents

Solventum operates in multiple income tax jurisdictions both in the U.S. and internationally. Solventum has adopted transfer pricing policies that determine how income is allocated to each of the income tax jurisdictions in which Solventum operates, based on current interpretations of complex income tax regulations. The allocation of Solventum’s income could be impacted by different factors including tax law changes, tax audits, underlying business changes, organizational changes, or operating model changes, which could result in increases to Solventum’s overall tax burden.

Solventum may benefit from various global tax incentives intended to encourage investment or employment; if Solventum’s incentives are not renewed or Solventum cannot or does not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, Solventum may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized.

Solventum benefits or may benefit in the future from various global tax incentives intended to encourage investment or employment. If Solventum’s incentives are not renewed or Solventum cannot or does not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, Solventum may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized or granted. As a result, Solventum’s tax burden could be higher than it would have been had Solventum maintained the benefits of the tax incentives.

Employee Matters Risks

If Solventum is unable to attract or retain key personnel and qualified employees, or maintain relations with its employees, unions and other employee representatives, Solventum’s business would be adversely affected.

There is substantial competition for key personnel, senior management, research and development personnel, and qualified employees in the healthcare industry and Solventum may face increased competition for such a highly qualified scientific, technical, clinical and management workforce in a highly competitive environment. Solventum’s ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including how its compensation, benefits, work location and work environment compare with those offered by its competitors and other local employers. There can be no assurance that Solventum will be successful in retaining existing personnel or recruiting new personnel.

The loss of one or more key employees, inability to attract or develop additional qualified employees, any delay in hiring key personnel, any deterioration of the relationships with its employees, or any material work stoppage, strike, or similar action could result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Risks Related to Solventum Common Stock

A significant number of shares of Solventum common stock may be sold by 3M or others, which may cause the Solventum stock price to decline.

Any sales of substantial amounts of Solventum common stock in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur may cause the market price of Solventum common stock to decline. Shares distributed to 3M shareholders in the separation are generally freely tradeable without restriction or further registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), except for shares owned by Solventum’s “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Accordingly, 3M shareholders may sell large amounts of Solventum common stock in the open market, and Solventum is unable to predict whether and when such sales would occur.

3M holds 19.9% of Solventum’s outstanding common stock. Based solely on statements as part of the Spin-Off, the Company believes 3M plans to dispose of all of the Solventum common stock that it retains after the Spin-Off through one or more sales of such shares (not later than five years after the Spin-Off). Solventum agreed that, upon the request of 3M and pursuant to the terms of the stockholder’s and registration rights agreement, it will use its reasonable best efforts to effect a registration under applicable federal and state securities laws of any shares of Solventum’s common stock retained by 3M to the extent that 3M wishes to sell the shares of our common stock it retained in a registered offering. 3M’s shares are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and are eligible for resale by 3M in the public market without registration subject to volume, manner of sale and holding period limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Any sales of substantial amounts of Solventum common stock in the public market by 3M or the perception that such sales might occur, in connection with the Spin-Off or otherwise, may cause the market price of Solventum common stock to decline.

Because Solventum does not currently intend to pay any dividends on its common stock, holders of its common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. Solventum cannot guarantee the timing, declaration, amount or payment of dividends on its common stock.

Solventum does not currently anticipate paying a regular dividend on its common stock in the near future. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of any future dividend will be within the discretion of Solventum’s Board of Directors and 

38

Table of

Contents

will depend upon many factors, including Solventum’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of Solventum’s debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by Solventum’s Board of Directors. Moreover, if Solventum determines to pay any dividend in the future, there can be no assurance that it will continue to pay such dividends or the amount of such dividends.

Anti-takeover provisions could enable Solventum’s Board of Directors to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of its shareholders.

Solventum’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with Solventum’s Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others:

•
until the annual stockholder meeting in 2028, Solventum’s Board of Directors will be divided into classes, which could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult;

•
as long as Solventum’s Board of Directors is classified, Solventum directors can be removed by stockholders only for cause;

•
Solventum’s Board of Directors have the sole authority to fix the size of Solventum’s Board of Directors;

•
Solventum’s Board of Directors have the authority to amend and repeal Solventum’s amended and restated bylaws without a stockholder vote;

•
Solventum’s shareholders do not have a right to call a special meeting or act by written consent;

•
Solventum’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors;

•
Solventum’s Board of Directors have the power to designate and issue, without any further vote or action by the Solventum shareholders, shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series;

•
Solventum’s shareholders have to follow certain procedures and notice requirements in order to present certain proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; and

•
Solventum’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains exclusive forum provisions (as described in more detail in the following risk factor).

In addition, Solventum is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that you may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with persons that acquire, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation may not engage in a business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or any of its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock.

Solventum believes these provisions will protect Solventum shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with Solventum’s Board of Directors and by providing Solventum’s Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make Solventum immune from takeovers; however, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that Solventum’s Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of Solventum and its shareholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.

In addition, an acquisition or further issuance of Solventum stock could trigger the application of Section 355(e) of the Code, causing the Spin-Off to be taxable to 3M. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, Solventum would be required to indemnify 3M for the resulting tax, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that Solventum shareholders may consider favorable.