The following list describes several risk factors that are applicable to our Company:

•

An Economic Downturn May Lead to a Deterioration in Our Asset Quality and Adversely Affect Our Earnings and Cash Flow.

     Our business faces various material risks, including credit risk and the risk that the
demand for our products will decrease. In a recession or other economic downturn, these
risks would probably become more acute. In an economic downturn, our credit risk and legal
expense will increase. Also, decreases in consumer confidence, real estate values, and
interest rates, usually associated with a downturn, could combine to make the types of loans
we originate less profitable.

•

The Preparation of Sovereign’s Financial Statements Requires the Use of Estimates That May Vary From Actual Results.

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. One example of a significant
critical estimate is the level of the allowance for credit losses. Due to the inherent
nature of this estimate, Sovereign cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not
significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are
significantly higher than the provided allowance.

•

Changing Interest Rates May Adversely Affect Our Profits.

     To be profitable, we must earn more money from interest on loans and investments and
fee-based revenues than the interest we pay to our depositors and creditors and the amount
necessary to cover the cost of our operations. Rising interest rates may hurt our income
because they may reduce the demand for loans and the value of our investment securities and
our loans, and increase the amount that we must pay to attract deposits and borrow funds. If
interest rates decrease, our net interest income could be negatively affected if interest
earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans, mortgage-related securities, and other
investment securities, decreases more quickly than interest paid on interest-bearing
liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. This would cause our net interest income to go
down. In addition, if interest rates decline, our loans and investments may prepay earlier
than expected, which may also lower our income. Interest rates do and will continue to
fluctuate, and we cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors that
will cause rates to change. If the yield curve steepens or flattens, it could impact our net
interest income in ways management may not accurately predict.

•

We Experience Intense Competition for Loans and Deposits.

     Competition among financial institutions in attracting and retaining deposits and making
loans is intense. Our most direct competition for deposits has come from commercial banks,
savings and loan associations and credit unions doing business in our areas of operation, as
well as from nonbanking sources, such as money market mutual funds and corporate and
government debt securities. Competition for loans comes primarily from commercial banks,
savings and loan associations, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other
institutional lenders. We compete primarily on the basis of products offered, customer
service and price. A number of institutions with which we compete have greater assets and
capital than we do and, thus, may have a competitive advantage.

•

We Are Subject to Substantial Regulation Which Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Operations.

     As a financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation, which materially
affects our business. Statutes, regulations and policies to which we and Sovereign Bank are
subject may be changed at any time, and the interpretation and the application of those laws
and regulations by our regulators is also subject to change. There can be no assurance that
future changes in regulations or in their interpretation or application will not adversely
affect us.

     The regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over banks and thrifts have under
consideration a number of possible rulemaking initiatives which impact on bank and thrift and
bank and thrift holding company capital requirements. Adoption of one or more of these
proposed rules could have an adverse effect on us and Sovereign Bank.

     Existing federal regulations limit our ability to increase our commercial loans. We are
required to maintain 65% of our assets in residential mortgage loans and certain other loans,
including small business loans. We also cannot have more than 10% of our assets in large
commercial loans that are not secured by real estate, more than 10% in small business loans,
or more than four times our capital in commercial real estate loans. A small business loan
is one with an original loan amount of less than $2 million, and a large commercial loan is a
loan with an original loan amount of $2 million or more. Because commercial loans generally
yield interest income which is higher than residential mortgage loans, the amount of our
interest income could be adversely affected by these provisions. If the growth of our
commercial loan portfolio continues at its current rate, we may exceed these regulatory
limitations, requiring us to reduce the size of our commercial loan portfolio or take other
actions which may adversely affect our net income.

•

Changes in Accounting Standards could Impact Reported Earnings.

     The accounting standard setters, including the FASB, SEC and other regulatory bodies,
periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the
preparation of Sovereign’s consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to
predict and can materially impact how it records and reports its financial condition and
results of operations. In some cases, Sovereign could be required to apply a new or revised
standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements.

9

Table of Contents

•

Difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with
Sovereign’s own operations may prevent Sovereign from achieving the
expected benefits from its acquisitions.

     Sovereign may not be able to achieve fully the strategic and operating efficiencies in
an acquisition. Inherent uncertainties exist in the operations of an acquired entity. In
addition, the market conditions where Sovereign and its potential acquisition targets operate
are highly competitive. Although Sovereign has a strong track record in integrating acquired
entities, it is possible that Sovereign may lose customers or the customers of acquired
entities as a result of an acquisition. Sovereign may also lose key personnel, either from
the acquired entity or from itself, as a result of an acquisition. These factors could
contribute to Sovereign not achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions within
desired time frames, if at all.

•

Our cost saving initiatives which began being implemented at the end
of 2006 and will continue in 2007 may take longer to implement than
anticipated or may lead to unintended consequences.

     Our future results are likely to be affected significantly by the implementation and
execution of our cost savings initiative plans. They are expected to reduce Sovereign’s
operating expenses by approximately $100 million annually. Approximately $80 million of this
savings is anticipated to be realized in 2007. If our plan is not realized timely or if the
execution of this plan results in actions that lead to reductions in revenue, the benefits of
this initiative may not meet our expectations.

•

Sovereign’s plans to sell the majority of the home equity correspondent loan portfolio
and a portion of the multi-family loan portfolio may take longer than anticipated, may
be sold at prices lower than anticipated or may not occur in their entirety.

     Our future results are likely to be affected significantly by the execution of our
balance sheet restructuring plan, which will allow Sovereign to allocate capital to
businesses with the highest risk adjusted returns. In addition, we will diversify the
balance sheet to ensure the bank is not overly sensitive to certain interest rate or economic
environments. As part of helping to meet these objectives, Sovereign intends to sell
approximately $4.3 billion of home equity correspondent loans and $1.5 billion of lower
yielding multifamily loans, and reduce our wholesale liabilities in 2007 with the proceeds
from these sales. If these sales are not realized timely, if a portion of the sales do not occur, or if the execution of these sales
results in pricing significantly lower than anticipated, the full benefits of this initiative
may not meet our expectations and/or may require additional material charges to earnings.

10

Table of Contents