The following list describes several risk factors that are applicable to our Company:

•  

An Economic Downturn May Lead to a Deterioration in Our Asset Quality and Adversely Affect Our Earnings and Cash Flow.

     Our business faces various material risks, including credit risk and the risk that the
demand for our products will decrease. In a recession or other economic downturn, these risks
would probably become more acute. In an economic downturn, our credit risk and associated
provision for credit losses and legal expense will increase. Also, decreases in consumer
confidence, real estate values, and interest rates, usually associated with a downturn, could
combine to make the types of loans we originate less profitable and could cause elevated
levels of losses on our commercial and consumer loans.

•  

The Preparation of Sovereign’s Financial Statements Requires the Use of Estimates That May Vary From Actual Results.

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. One example of a significant
critical estimate is the level of the allowance for credit losses. Due to the inherent nature
of this estimate, Sovereign cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not significantly
increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly
higher than the provided allowance.

•  

The Preparation of Sovereign’s Tax Returns Requires the Use of
Estimates & Interpretations of Complex Tax Laws and Regulations and
Are Subject to Review By Taxing Authorities.

     Sovereign is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities
and certain foreign countries. These tax laws are complex and subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant Governmental taxing authorities. In
establishing a provision for income tax expense and filing returns, the Company must make
judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws.
Actual income taxes paid may vary from estimates depending upon changes in income tax laws,
actual results of operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax
assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. The Company is
subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions.

•  

Changing Interest Rates May Adversely Affect Our Profits.

     To be profitable, we must earn more money from interest on loans and investments and
fee-based revenues than the interest we pay to our depositors and creditors and the amount
necessary to cover the cost of our operations. Rising interest rates may hurt our income
because they may reduce the demand for loans and the value of our investment securities and
our loans, and increase the amount that we must pay to attract deposits and borrow funds. If
interest rates decrease, our net interest income could be negatively affected if interest
earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans, mortgage-related securities, and other
investment securities, decreases more quickly than interest paid on interest-bearing
liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. This would cause our net interest income to go
down. In addition, if interest rates decline, our loans and investments may prepay earlier
than expected, which may also lower our income. Interest rates do and will continue to
fluctuate, and we cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors that
will cause rates to change. If the yield curve steepens or flattens, it could impact our net
interest income in ways management may not accurately predict.

•  

We Experience Intense Competition for Loans and Deposits.

     Competition among financial institutions in attracting and retaining deposits and making
loans is intense. Our most direct competition for deposits has come from commercial banks,
savings and loan associations and credit unions doing business in our areas of operation, as
well as from nonbanking sources, such as money market mutual funds and corporate and
government debt securities. Competition for loans comes primarily from commercial banks,
savings and loan associations, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other
institutional lenders. We compete primarily on the basis of products offered, customer
service and price. A number of institutions with which we compete have greater assets and
capital than we do and, thus, may have a competitive advantage.

•  

We Are Subject to Substantial Regulation Which Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Operations.

     As a financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation, which materially
affects our business. Statutes, regulations and policies to which we and Sovereign Bank are
subject may be changed at any time, and the interpretation and the application of those laws
and regulations by our regulators is also subject to change. There can be no assurance that
future changes in regulations or in their interpretation or application will not adversely
affect us.

     The regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over banks and thrifts have under
consideration a number of possible rulemaking initiatives which impact bank and thrift and
bank and thrift holding company capital requirements. Adoption of one or more of these
proposed rules could have an adverse effect on us and Sovereign Bank.

     Existing federal regulations limit our ability to increase our commercial loans. We are
required to maintain 65% of our assets in residential mortgage loans and certain other loans,
including small business loans. We also cannot have more than 20% of our total assets in
commercial loans that are not secured by real estate, however, only 10% can be large
commercial loans not secured by real estate, more than 10% in small business loans, or more
than four times our risk based capital in commercial real estate loans. A small business loan
is one with an original amount of $2 million or less, and a large commercial loan is a loan
with an original loan amount of more than $2 million. Our existing strategy is to focus loan
growth on commercial loans which generally have higher yields and profitability. We may be
limited in the amount of commercial loan growth that we can achieve based on the above
regulations.

8

Table of Contents

•

Changes in Accounting Standards Could Impact Reported Earnings.

     The accounting standard setters, including the FASB, SEC and other regulatory bodies,
periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the
preparation of Sovereign’s consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to
predict and can materially impact how it records and reports its financial condition and
results of operations. In some cases, Sovereign could be required to apply a new or revised
standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements.

•

We Rely on Third Parties for Important Products and Services.

     Third party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as loan
and deposit servicing systems, internet connections and network access. Any problems caused
by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing us their services for
any reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to
deliver products and services to our customers and otherwise to conduct our business.
Replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant delays and expense.

•

Our Framework for Managing Risks May Not be Effective in Mitigating Risk and Loss to Our Company.

     Our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage
our risk exposure. Types of risks to which we are subject include liquidity risk, credit
risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal risk, compliance risk,
reputation risk and fiduciary risk, among others. Our framework to manage risk, including the
framework’s underlying assumptions, may not be effective under all conditions and
circumstances. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer
unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.

•

Our Disclosure Controls and Procedures May Not Prevent or Detect All Errors or Acts of Fraud.

     Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that
information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Any disclosure
controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met.

     These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people or by any unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the
inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected.