The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows, and you should carefully consider them. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be
material may also affect our actual results. We may update these factors in our future periodic reports.

 Risks Relating to Debt and the Financial Markets 

We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. 

            As of December 31, 2013, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium and discount, totaled
$23.6 billion. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service. Our
debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property.
Should such events occur, our operations may be adversely affected. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness,
the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. 

Disruption in the credit markets or downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service
requirements. 

            We depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet
ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit rating, the willingness of banks to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for future growth or to meet our debt service as obligations mature, or that the financing available to us will be on acceptable terms. 

Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 

            Our outstanding senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The
credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and
the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund
our growth, adverse changes in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our future growth. 

Our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. 

            We selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or
cap a portion of our variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be
successful. 

            Our
use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a
hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest
rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of these hedging
agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 

 Factors Affecting Real Estate Investments and Operations 

We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties. 

            We regularly acquire and develop new properties and expand and redevelop existing properties, and these activities are subject to
various risks. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not
perform as 

8

Table of Contents

well
as expected. We are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the
following:

•

construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable; 

•

we may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance loans on favorable terms, if at all; 

•

we may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; 

•

occupancy rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be profitable; and 

•

we may need the consent of third parties such as department stores, anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture
partners, and those consents may be withheld. 

            If
a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project
planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. 

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

            Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a
result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic or other conditions may be limited. If we want to sell a property, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or that the sales price of a property will exceed the cost of our investment. 

Our international expansion may subject us to different or greater risk from those associated with our domestic operations. 

            As of December 31, 2013, we held interests in joint venture properties that operate in Austria, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico,
the Netherlands, South Korea, Canada, and the United Kingdom. We also have an equity stake in Klépierre, a publicly-traded European real estate company. Accordingly, our operating
results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in the
foreign operation is held. We may pursue
additional expansion and development opportunities outside the United States. International development and ownership activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic