The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors, among others, may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, and you should carefully consider them. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. You should
not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties and we may update them in our future periodic reports.

 Risks Relating to Debt and the Financial Markets 

 We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. 

            As of December 31, 2008, our consolidated mortgages and other indebtedness, excluding the related premium and discount, totaled
$18.0 billion, of which approximately $1.5 billion matures during 2009, including recurring principal amortization on mortgages maturing during 2009. We are subject to the risks normally
associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service. Our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if
developments at the property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. Should such events occur, our operations may be
adversely affected. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from this is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee
resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. 

 The ongoing disruption in the credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements. 

            We depend primarily on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can
meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit rating, the willingness of banks to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets. The disruption in
the capital markets that began in 2008 has continued into 2009, restricting access to capital markets for many companies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for
future growth or to meet our debt service as obligations mature, or that the financing available to us will be on acceptable terms. 

 Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 

            Our outstanding senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The
credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and
the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund
our growth, adverse changes in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our future growth. 

 Our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. 

            We manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap a
portion of our variable rate debt, or in the case of a fair value hedge, effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe
rates and terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful. 

            Our
use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a
hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest
rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of these hedging
agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 

8

Table of Contents

 Factors Affecting Real Estate Investments and Operations 

 We face risks associated with the acquisition, development and expansion of properties. 

            We regularly acquire and develop new properties and expand and redevelop existing properties, and these activities are subject to
various risks. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not
perform as well as expected. We are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following: 

•

construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable; 

•

we may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance construction loans on favorable terms, if at all; 

•

we may be
unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; 

•

occupancy rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be profitable; and

•

we may need the consent of third parties such as anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those
consents may be withheld. 

            If
a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project
planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. 

 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

            Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a
result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic or other conditions is limited. If we want to sell a property, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or that the sales price of a property will exceed the cost of our investment. 

 Environmental Risks 

 As owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination. 

            Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require us, as a current or previous
owner or operator of real property, to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property or at impacted neighboring properties. These laws often impose
liability regardless of whether the property owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. These laws and regulations may require the abatement or
removal of asbestos containing materials in the event of damage, demolition or renovation, reconstruction or expansion of a property and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the
air. Those laws and regulations also govern the installation, maintenance and removal of underground storage tanks used to store waste oils or other petroleum products. Many of our properties contain,
or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment). The costs
of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances may be substantial and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition but is not estimable. The
presence of contamination, or the failure to remediate contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow using a property as collateral. 

 Our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful. 

            Although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with Federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and
regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. Nearly all of our properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits. These
environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
However, we cannot assure you that: 

•

existing environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities; 

•

any previous owner,
occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; 

9

Table of Contents

•

the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of
nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or 

•

future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the
interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities. 

 Retail Operations Risks 

 Deteriorating economic conditions are adversely affecting the general retail environment. 

            Our concentration in the retail real estate market means that we are subject to the risks that affect the retail environment generally,
including the levels of consumer spending, seasonality, the willingness of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers, tenant bankruptcies, changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence
and terrorist activities. A recession is currently affecting the economy and consumer spending in the United States has recently declined. The unemployment rate is rising and consumer confidence has
decreased significantly. In addition, we derive our cash flow from operations primarily from retail tenants, many of whom are currently under considerable economic stress. A prolonged recession is
likely to adversely affect our tenants and as a result this could affect our results of operations and financial condition. A significant deterioration in our cash flow from operations could require
us to curtail planned capital expenditures or seek alternative sources of financing. 

 We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. 

            We may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants or for rents that are consistent with our projections.
Also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than
the current lease terms. To the extent that our leasing plans are not achieved, our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures could be adversely affected. 

 Some of our properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of or a store closure by one or more of these
tenants. 

            Regional malls are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. The value of some of our