The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements
made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors, among others, may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows, and you should carefully consider them. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. You should not consider this list to be a
complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties and we may update them in our future periodic reports.

Risks Relating to Debt and the Financial Markets 

 We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. 

            As of December 31, 2007, our consolidated mortgages and other indebtedness, excluding the related premium and discount, totaled $17.2 billion, of
which approximately $751 million matures during 2008, including recurring principal amortization on mortgages maturing during 2007. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt
financing, including the risk that our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service. Our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the
property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. Should such events occur, our operations may be adversely affected. If a
property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from the is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of
income and a decline in our total asset value. 

 We depend on external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements. 

            We depend primarily on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of
our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit rating, the willingness of banks to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets which have experienced increasing volatility in
recent months. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for future growth or to meet our debt service as obligations mature, or that the financing available to us will
be on acceptable terms. 

 Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 

            Our outstanding senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings are based on
our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook in
general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund our growth, adverse
changes in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our future growth. 

 Our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. 

            We manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap a portion of our variable rate
debt, or in the case of a fair value hedge, effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and terms are
appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful. 

            Our
use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a
hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest
rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of these hedging
agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 

8

Factors Affecting Real Estate Investments and Operations 

 We face risks associated with the acquisition, development and expansion of properties. 

            We regularly acquire and develop new properties and expand and redevelop existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. We may not be
successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected.
We are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following: 

•

construction
costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable; 

•

we
may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance construction loans on favorable terms, if at all; 

•

we
may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; 

•

occupancy
rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be profitable; and 

•

we
may need the consent of third parties such as anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld. 

            If
a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project
planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. 

 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

            Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a result, our ability to sell one
or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic or other conditions is limited. If we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to dispose of it in the desired time period or that the sales price of a property will exceed the cost of our investment. 

Environmental Risks 

 As owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination. 

            Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require us, as a current or previous owner or operator of real
property, to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property or at impacted neighboring properties. These laws often impose liability regardless of
whether the property owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. These laws and regulations may require the abatement or removal of asbestos
containing materials in the event of damage, demolition or renovation, reconstruction or expansion of a property and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. Those laws and
regulations also govern the installation, maintenance and removal of underground storage tanks used to store waste oils or other petroleum products. Many of our properties contain, or at one time
contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment). The costs of
investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances may be substantial and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition but is not estimable. The presence
of contamination, or the failure to remediate contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow using a property as collateral. 

 Our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful. 

            Although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with Federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations regarding
hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. Nearly all of our properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits. These environmental audits
have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. However, we cannot assure
you that: 

•

existing
environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities; 

•

any
previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; 

9

•

the
current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third
parties; or 

•

future
uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof) will not result in
environmental liabilities. 

Retail Operations Risks 

 We are subject to risks that affect the general retail environment. 

            Our concentration in the retail real estate market means that we are subject to the risks that affect the retail environment generally, including the levels of
consumer spending, seasonality, the willingness of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers, tenant bankruptcies, changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence and terrorist activities.
The possibility that the United States may currently be experiencing a recession could adversely affect consumer spending. Any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our results of
operations or financial condition. 

 We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. 

            We may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants or for rents that are consistent with our projections. Also, when leases for our
existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. To
the extent that our leasing plans are not achieved, our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures could be adversely affected. 

 Some of our properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of or a store closure by one or more of these tenants. 

            Regional malls are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. The value of some of our properties could be adversely
affected if these tenants fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations, or cease their operations. Department store and larger store, also
referred to as "big box", consolidations typically result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations. We do not control the disposition of those
department stores or larger stores that we do not own. We also may not control the vacant space that is not re-leased in those stores we do own. Other tenants may be entitled to modify the
terms of their existing leases in the event of such closures. The modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease rents or expense recovery charges. Additionally, major tenant
closures may result in decreased customer traffic which could lead to decreased sales at other stores. If the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to closing
of anchors, economic conditions, or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. In the event of default by a tenant or anchor store, we may experience
delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover amounts due to us under the terms of our agreements with those parties. 

 We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. 

            Bankruptcy filings by retailers occur frequently in the course of our operations. We are continually re-leasing vacant spaces resulting from tenant
terminations. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant, may make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the affected properties. Future tenant bankruptcies could adversely affect
our properties or impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy. 

Risks Relating to Joint Venture Properties 

 We have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them. 

            As of December 31, 2007, we owned interests in 181 income-producing properties with other parties. Of those, 19 properties are included in our consolidated
financial statements. We account for the other 162 properties under the equity method of accounting, which we refer to as joint venture properties. We serve as general partner or property manager for
93 of these 162 properties; however, certain major decisions, such as selling or refinancing these properties, require the consent of the other owners. Of the properties for which we do not serve as
general partner or 

10

property
manager, 59 are in our international joint ventures. The other owners also have other participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the