Deteriorating economic conditions may continue to cause a decline in business and consumer spending which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

        Our operating results and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and their impact on business and consumer
spending. The decline in business and consumer spending resulting from the global recession and the recent deterioration of global credit markets has caused our same store sales to decline from prior
periods in our retail businesses. We have also seen a decline in average sales per customer in both our delivery and retail businesses. Our business and financial performance may continue to be
adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, which may cause a continued or further decline in business and consumer spending. 

Our market is highly competitive and we may not continue to compete successfully. 

        The office products market is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of local, regional, national and international retailers,
dealers and distributors for customers, associates, locations, products, services, and other important aspects of our business. In most of our geographic markets, we compete with other
high-volume office supply chains such as Office Depot and OfficeMax, as well as mass merchants such as Wal-Mart, warehouse clubs such as Costco, computer and electronics
superstores such as Best Buy, copy and print businesses such as FedEx Office, online retailers such as Amazon.com, ink cartridge specialty stores, and other discount retailers. Our retail stores and
delivery operations also compete with numerous mail order firms, contract stationer businesses, electronic commerce distributors, regional and local dealers and direct manufacturers. 

        We
strive to differentiate ourselves from our competitors in part by executing our brand promise: 
we make buying office products easy

.
This involves, among other things, offering our customers a broad selection of products, convenient store locations, and reliable and fast order delivery. Many of our competitors, however, have
increased their presence in our markets in recent years by expanding their assortment of office products and services, opening new stores near our existing stores, and offering direct delivery of
office products. Some of our current and potential competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources that may be devoted to sourcing, promoting and selling their
products. If we fail to execute on our brand promise or are otherwise unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, we may be unable to attract and retain customers. 

We may not be able to successfully integrate Corporate Express into our operations to realize anticipated benefits and our growth may strain our operations. 

        In July 2008, we acquired Corporate Express. The integration of our Corporate Express operations will be a complex and
time-consuming process that may disrupt the combined company's business if not completed in a timely and efficient manner. As a result, we may experience the
following: 

•

impairment of relationships with customers, vendors or key employees; 

•

substantial demands on our management that may limit their time to attend to other operational, financial and strategic
issues; 

•

difficulty in the integration of operational, financial and administrative functions and systems to permit effective
management, and the lack of control if such integration is not implemented or delayed; 

9

•

difficulty in the global coordination of marketing, supply chain and sales efforts; 

•

potential conflicts between business cultures; and 

•

unexpected liabilities associated with the acquired business or unanticipated costs related to the integration. 

We
currently expect to realize certain synergies and cost savings as a result of the acquisition. If we fail to successfully integrate our businesses or fail to realize the intended benefits of the
acquisition, our business may be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. 

        Our
business has grown dramatically over the years. Although we expect our business to continue to grow organically and through strategic acquisitions, it will likely not grow at the
rate experienced in the last year, when we acquired Corporate Express. Sales of our products and services, the mix of our businesses, the number of countries in which we conduct business, the number
of stores that we operate and the number of associates working with us have grown, and we expect they will continue to grow in the long-term. This growth places significant demands on
management and operational systems. If we cannot effectively manage our growth, it is likely to result in operational inefficiencies and ineffective management of our business. In addition, as we
grow, our business is subject to a wider array of complex state, federal and international regulations, and may be increasingly the target of private actions alleging violations of such regulations.
This increases the cost of doing business and the risk that our business practices could unknowingly result in liabilities that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

If we are unable to manage our debt, it could materially harm our business and financial condition and restrict our operating flexibility. 

        Our borrowings and debt service requirements have increased substantially in connection with the acquisition of Corporate Express.
Since the acquisition in July 2008, we have made significant progress in refinancing the debt associated with the acquisition and repaying amounts borrowed. With the issuance of $1.5 billion
9.75% notes, which mature in January 2014, and available cash, we have reduced our total debt by approximately $1.0 billion since the second quarter of 2008. Our consolidated outstanding debt
as of January 31, 2009 was $3.42 billion, of which approximately $1.47 billion becomes due later this year. If we are unable to satisfy our debt service requirements, we may
default under one or more of our credit facilities or the indentures governing our notes. If we default or breach our obligations, we could be required to pay a higher rate of interest or lenders
could require us to accelerate our repayment obligations, and such a default could materially harm our business and financial condition. 

        We
plan to use a significant portion of our operating cash flow to reduce our outstanding debt obligations over the next several years. Our level of indebtedness combined with the recent
unprecedented deterioration of the global credit and financial markets may have significant consequences, including: restricting our growth; making us more vulnerable to a downturn in our business;
making it more expensive to obtain future financing; making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; limiting our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital
expenditures, debt service requirements, future acquisitions or other corporate purposes; restricting our flexibility to respond to changing market conditions; and limiting our ability to use
operating cash flow in other areas of our business. As a result of our increased debt, we may also be placed at a competitive disadvantage against less leveraged competitors. 

We may be unable to continue to open new stores and enter new markets successfully. 

        An important part of our business plan is to increase our number of stores and enter new geographic markets. However, due to the
current economic environment, we currently plan to open fewer stores this year than we have in recent periods. During 2009, we plan to open approximately 65 new stores in North
America, Europe and Asia. For our strategy to be successful, we must identify favorable store sites, negotiate leases on acceptable terms, hire and train qualified associates and adapt management and
operational systems to meet the needs of our expanded operations. These tasks may be difficult to accomplish, especially as we allocate time and resources to managing the profitability of our large
existing portfolio of stores and renewing our existing store leases with acceptable terms. In addition, local zoning and other land use regulations may prevent or delay the opening of new stores in
some markets. If we are unable to open new stores as efficiently as we planned, our future sales and profits may be adversely affected. 

        Our
strategy also includes opening new stores in markets where we already have a presence so we can take advantage of economies of scale in marketing, distribution and supervision costs.
These new stores may draw customers away from existing stores in nearby areas causing customer traffic and comparable store sales performance to decline at those existing stores. Our expansion
strategy also includes opening stores in new markets where customers may not be familiar with our brand, where we may not be familiar with local customer preferences or where our competitors may 

10

have
a large, established market presence. Even if we succeed in opening new stores, these new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores and may reduce our overall
profitability. 

We may be unable to attract and retain qualified associates. 

        Our customers value courteous and knowledgeable associates, and an important part of our "Easy" brand strategy is a positive customer
service experience. Accordingly, our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large number of qualified associates. We face intense competition for qualified associates. We face even
tighter labor markets as we expand into emerging markets such as India and China. Many of our associates are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover.
Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the workforce,
unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation. If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of
qualified associates, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

Our quarterly operating results are subject to significant fluctuation. 

        Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, and we expect that they will continue to do so in the
future. Factors that could cause these quarterly fluctuations include: the mix of products sold; pricing actions of competitors; the level of advertising and promotional expenses; the outcome of legal
proceedings; seasonality, primarily because the sales and profitability of our stores are typically slightly lower in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, which includes the
back-to-school and holiday seasons; severe weather; and the other risk factors described in this section. Most of our operating expenses, such as occupancy costs and associate
salaries, do not vary directly with the amount of sales and are difficult to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular quarter are below expectations for that quarter, we may not
proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have a disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. 

Our expanding international operations expose us to the unique risks inherent in foreign operations. 

        We currently operate in 26 different countries outside the United States and may enter new international markets. Operating in multiple
countries requires that we comply with multiple foreign laws and regulations that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations.
Ensuring such compliance may require that we implement new operational systems and financial controls that may be expensive and divert management's time from implementing our growth strategies. In
addition, cultural differences and differences in the business climate in our international markets may cause customers to be less receptive to our business model than we expect. Other factors that
may also have an adverse impact on our international operations include increased local competition, foreign currency fluctuations, unfavorable foreign trade policies and unstable political and
economic conditions. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the actions of and risks associated with our third-party vendors. 

        The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of third-party vendors. We derive benefits from vendor allowances and promotional
incentives which may not be offered in the future. We also cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale and are dependent on the availability and
pricing of key products, including paper, ink, toner, technology and printing equipment. Some of the products we offer are supplied to us on an exclusive basis and may be difficult to replace in a
timely manner. Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in the production of these products may also adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. 

        Global
sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient
manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political instability, the financial instability of suppliers, merchandise quality issues, trade
restrictions, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, inflation and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our
vendors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

11

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products may not improve our financial performance and may expose us to intellectual property and product liability claims. 

        Our product offering includes Staples, Quill and other proprietary branded products, which represented approximately 23% of our sales
in fiscal 2008, excluding Corporate Express. Corporate Express also has an own brand program that we will be transitioning to the Staples brand over time. Our proprietary branded
products compete with other manufacturers' branded items that we offer. An increase in our proprietary branded product offerings may increase the risk that third parties will assert infringement
claims against us with respect to such products. In addition, if any of our customers are harmed by our proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us. Any
of these circumstances could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate. 

        We are a multi-national, multi-channel provider of office products and services. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from a
combination of applicable tax rates in the various countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate may be lower or higher than our tax rates have been in the past
due to numerous factors, including the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing positions we take in various
jurisdictions. We base our estimate of an effective tax rate at any given point in time upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of business
likely to be done in any given jurisdiction. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in
rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, or adverse outcomes from tax audits that we may be subject to in any of the
jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. 

Our information security may be compromised. 

        Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase
products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal
course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we
cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful,
misappropriate confidential customer or business information. In addition, a Staples associate, contractor or other third party with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures
in order to obtain such information or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose
us to claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of
new operational processes. 

Various legal proceedings, investigations or audits may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

        We are involved in various private legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, intellectual property, tort and other
litigation. As our workforce expands, we are subject to greater scrutiny by private litigants regarding compliance with local, state and national labor regulations, including overtime or "wage
and hour" laws which have resulted in class action litigation. In addition, we may be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies, which can occur in the
ordinary course of business or which can result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country or practice. The resolution of these legal proceedings, investigations or
audits could require us to pay substantial amounts of money or take actions that adversely affect our operations. In addition, defending against these claims may involve significant time and expense.
Given the large size of our operations and workforce, the visibility of our brand and our position as an industry leader, we may regularly be involved in legal proceedings, investigations or audits
that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

12