Our market is highly competitive and we may not continue to compete successfully.

        The
office products market is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of local, regional, national and international retailers, dealers and distributors for customers, associates,
locations, products, services, and other important aspects of our business. In most of our geographic markets, we compete with other high-volume office supply chains such as Office Depot
and OfficeMax, as well as mass merchants such as Wal-Mart, warehouse clubs such as Costco, computer and electronics superstores such as Best Buy, copy and print businesses such as FedEx
Kinko's, ink cartridge specialty stores, and other discount retailers. Our retail stores and delivery operations also compete with numerous mail order firms, contract stationer businesses, electronic
commerce distributors, regional and local dealers, and direct manufacturers. 

        We
strive to differentiate ourselves from our competitors in part by executing our brand promise; 
we make buying office products easy.

This involves, among other things, offering our customers a broad selection of products, convenient store locations, and reliable and fast order delivery. Many of our competitors, however, have
increased their presence in our markets in recent years by expanding their assortment of office products and services, opening new stores near our existing stores, and offering direct delivery of
office products. Some of our current and potential competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources that may be devoted to sourcing, promoting and selling their
products. If we fail to execute on our brand promise or are otherwise unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, we may be unable to attract and retain customers. 

 Economic conditions may cause a decline in business and consumer spending. 

        Our operating results are impacted by the health of the North American, European, Asian and South American economies. Our business and financial performance may
be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions that cause a decline in business and consumer spending, including a reduction in the availability of credit, 

9

increased
unemployment levels, higher energy costs, rising interest rates, financial market volatility, recession, and acts of terrorism. 

We may be unable to continue to open new stores and enter new markets successfully.

        An
important part of our business plan is to increase our number of stores and enter new geographic markets. We currently plan to open approximately 115 new stores in North America,
Europe and Asia during the 2008 fiscal year. For our growth strategy to be successful, we must identify favorable store sites, negotiate leases on acceptable terms, hire and train qualified associates
and adapt management and operational systems to meet the needs of our expanded operations. These tasks may be difficult to accomplish successfully, especially as we allocate time and resources to
managing the profitability of our large existing portfolio of stores and renewing our existing store leases on acceptable terms. In addition, local zoning and other land use regulations may prevent or
delay the opening of new stores in some markets. If we are unable to open new stores as quickly as planned, our future sales and profits may be adversely affected. 

        Our
expansion strategy includes opening new stores in markets where we already have a presence so we can take advantage of economies of scale in marketing, distribution and supervision
costs. These new stores may draw customers away from existing stores in nearby areas causing customer traffic and comparable store sales performance to decline at those existing stores. Our expansion
strategy also includes opening stores in new markets where customers may not be familiar with our brand, we may not be familiar with local customer preferences or our competitors may have a large,
established market presence. Even if we succeed in opening new stores, these new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores and may reduce our overall profitability. 

 Our growth may strain our operations. 

        Our business has grown dramatically over the past several years. While we cannot provide any assurances about our future sales or earnings, we anticipate that our
business will continue to grow organically and through strategic acquisitions. Accordingly, sales of our products and services, the number of stores that we operate, the number of countries in which
we conduct business and the number of associates have grown, and we expect they will continue to grow. This growth places significant demands on management and operational systems. If we cannot
effectively expand and support our operational and financial systems, increase and manage our associate base, and share critical information and best practices across different business groups and
geographies, this growth is likely to result in operational inefficiencies and ineffective management of the business. In addition, as we grow, our business is subject to a wider array of complex
state, federal and international regulations, and may be increasingly the target of private actions alleging violations of such regulations. This increases the cost of doing business and the risk that
our business practices could unknowingly result in liabilities that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

 We may be unable to attract and retain qualified associates. 

        Our retail and delivery customers value courteous and knowledgeable associates, and an important part of our "Easy" brand strategy is providing our customers with
a positive customer service experience. Accordingly, our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of qualified associates. We face intense competition for
qualified associates. We face even tighter labor markets as we expand into emerging markets such as India and China. Many of our associates are in entry-level or part-time positions with
historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs generally while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient
number of qualified persons in the workforce, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation. In addition, as
our workforce expands, we are subject to greater scrutiny by private litigants regarding compliance with local and national labor regulations, which in turn increases our labor costs. If we are unable
to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates or our labor costs increase significantly, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

 Our quarterly operating results are subject to significant fluctuation. 

        Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, and we expect that they will continue to do so in the future. Factors that could cause
these quarterly fluctuations include: the mix of products sold; pricing actions of competitors; the level of advertising and promotional expenses; the outcome of legal proceedings; seasonality,
primarily because the sales and profitability of our stores are typically slightly lower in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, which includes the
back-to-school and holiday seasons; severe weather; and the other risk factors described in this section. Most of our operating expenses, such as rent expense and associate
salaries, do not vary directly 

10

with
the amount of sales and are difficult to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular quarter are below expectations for that quarter, we may not proportionately reduce
operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have a disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. 

Our expanding international operations expose us to the unique risks inherent in foreign operations.

        We
currently operate in 21 different countries outside the United States and may enter new international markets. Operating in multiple countries requires that we comply with multiple
foreign laws and regulations that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. Ensuring such compliance may require that we implement
new operational systems and financial controls that may be expensive and divert management's time from implementing our growth strategies. In addition, cultural differences and differences in the
business climate in our international markets may cause customers to be less receptive to our business model than we expect. Other factors that may also have an adverse impact on our international
operations include increased local competition, foreign currency fluctuations, unfavorable foreign trade policies and unstable political and economic conditions. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the actions of and risks associated with our third-party vendors.

        The
products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of third-party vendors. We cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale and are
dependent on the availability and pricing of key products, including paper, ink, toner and technology products. Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in the production of these
products may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. In addition, global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. Our
ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political
instability, the financial instability of suppliers, merchandise quality issues, trade restrictions, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, inflation and other factors
relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products may not improve our financial performance and may expose us to intellectual property and product liability
claims.

        Our
product offering includes Staples, Quill and other proprietary branded products, which together represented approximately 22% of our total sales in fiscal 2007. Our proprietary
branded products compete with other manufacturers' branded items that we offer. As we continue to increase the number and types of proprietary branded products that we sell, we may adversely affect
our relationships with our vendors, who may decide to reduce their product offerings through Staples and increase their product offerings through our competitors. An increase in our proprietary
branded product offerings also may increase the risk that third parties will assert infringement claims against us with respect to such products. In addition, if any of our customers are harmed by our
proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us. Any of these circumstances could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business and
financial performance. 

Our debt level and operating lease commitments may impact our ability to obtain future financing and continue our growth strategy.

        Our
consolidated debt and operating lease obligations may have the effect generally of restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions and could make us more
vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. In addition, our level of indebtedness combined with the recent tightening of the global credit market may have other important consequences,
including: restricting our growth; making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; limiting our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service
requirements, future acquisitions or other corporate purposes; and limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business. In such a situation, additional funds may not be
available on satisfactory terms when needed, or at all, whether in the next twelve months or thereafter. 

 Our effective tax rate may fluctuate. 

        We are a multi-national, multi-channel provider of office products and services. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable
tax rates in the various countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate may be lower or higher than our tax rates have been in the past due to numerous factors,
including the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the 

11

tax
filing positions we take in various jurisdictions. We base our estimate of an effective tax rate at any given point in time upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to
estimates of the amount of business likely to be done in any given jurisdiction. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and
from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, or adverse outcomes from tax audits that
we may be subject to in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
our operations. 

 Our information security may be compromised. 

        Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll
in promotional programs, register on our website, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal course of business. We may
share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be certain that all
of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer
or business information. In addition, a Staples associate, contractor or other third party with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain such information
or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers,
financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance
with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. 

Various legal proceedings may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

        We
are involved in various legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, intellectual property, tort and other litigation. Some of these legal proceedings are discussed in
greater detail under the caption "Legal Proceedings" and in Note F in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. The resolution of these legal proceedings
could require us to pay substantial amounts of money or take actions that adversely affect our operations. In addition, defending against these proceedings may involve significant time and expense.
Given the large size of our operations and workforce, the visibility of our brand and our position as an industry leader, we may regularly be involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect
our business and financial performance. 

We may not consummate our proposed acquisition of Corporate Express or realize any benefits if we do complete the acquisition.

        On
February 19, 2008, we announced that we had made a proposal to Corporate Express NV, a Dutch office products distributor with operations in North America, Europe,
Australia and New Zealand to acquire all of the outstanding shares of its ordinary stock for cash consideration of 7.25 Euros per ordinary share, representing a total enterprise value of
approximately 2.5 billion Euros (approximately $3.7 billion). Corporate Express, in a public statement issued the same day, rejected our proposal. We cannot provide any assurances that
the proposed acquisition will be consummated. If we are unable to complete the proposed acquisition, we may have incurred substantial expenses and diverted significant management time and resources
from our ongoing business. Even if we consummate the proposed acquisition of Corporate Express, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and we may encounter difficulties
in the integration of the operations of Corporate Express.