Our
market is highly competitive and we may not continue to compete successfully.

The office products market
is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of local, regional, national
and international retailers, dealers and distributors for customers, employees,
locations, products, services and other important aspects of our business. In
most of our geographic markets, we compete with other high-volume office supply
chains such as Office Depot and OfficeMax that are similar in concept to us in
terms of pricing strategy and product selection, as well as mass merchants such
as Wal-Mart, warehouse clubs such as Costco, computer and electronics
superstores such as Best Buy and other discount retailers. In addition, both
our retail stores and delivery operations compete with numerous mail order
firms, contract stationer businesses, electronic commerce distributors, local
dealers and direct manufacturers such as Dell. Many of our competitors have
increased their presence in our markets in recent years. Some of our current
and potential competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater
financial resources that may be devoted to sourcing, promoting and selling
their products. It is possible that increased competition or improved
performance by our competitors may reduce our market share, profit margin and
projected operating results, and may adversely affect our business and
financial performance in other ways.

We may be unable to
continue to open new stores and enter new markets successfully.

An important part of our
business plan is to increase our number of stores and enter new geographic
markets. We opened 99 new stores during fiscal 2005 and currently plan to open
approximately 110 new stores in fiscal 2006. For our growth strategy to be
successful, we must identify and lease favorable store sites, hire and train
associates and adapt management and operational systems to meet the needs of
our expanded operations. These tasks may be difficult to accomplish
successfully. If we are unable to open new stores as quickly as planned, our
future sales and profits may be adversely affected. Even if we succeed in
opening new stores, these new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit
levels as our existing stores. Also, our expansion strategy includes opening
new stores in markets where we already have a presence so we can take advantage
of economies of scale in marketing, distribution and supervision costs.
However, these new stores may result in the loss of sales in existing stores in
nearby areas, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Our growth may
continue to strain operations, which could adversely affect our business and
financial performance.

Our business has grown
dramatically over the past several years and continues to grow through organic
growth and strategic acquisitions. Accordingly, sales, number of stores, number
of countries in which we conduct business and number of associates have grown
and likely will continue to grow. This growth places significant demands on
management and operational systems. If we are not successful in continuing to
support our operational and financial systems, expanding our management team
and increasing and effectively managing our associate base, this growth is
likely to result in operational inefficiencies and ineffective management of
the business and associates, which will in turn adversely affect our business
and financial performance. In addition, as we grow, our business is subject to
a wider array 

10

of
complex state and federal regulations, and may be increasingly the target of
private actions alleging violations of such regulations. This increases the
cost of doing business and the risk that our business practices could
unknowingly result in liabilities that may adversely affect our business and
financial performance.

Our operating results may be impacted by changes in
the economy that impact business and consumer spending.

Our operating results are
directly impacted by the health of the North American, European, South American
and Asian economies. Our business and financial performance may be adversely
affected by current and future economic conditions, including unemployment
levels, energy costs, interest rates, recession, inflation, the impact of
natural disasters and terrorist activities, and other matters that influence
business and consumer spending.

Our
business and financial performance is dependent upon our ability to attract and
retain qualified associates.

Our performance is
dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality
associates. We face intense competition for qualified associates, and many of
our associates are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high
rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs generally while
controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including
the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force,
unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and
other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation. If we are unable to
attract and retain qualified associates or our labor costs increase
significantly, our business and financial performance may be adversely
affected.

Our stock price may
fluctuate based on market expectations.

The public trading of our
stock is based in large part on market expectations that our business will
continue to grow and that we will achieve certain levels of net income. If the
securities analysts that regularly follow our stock lower their rating or lower
their projections for future growth and financial performance, the market price
of our stock is likely to drop significantly. In addition, if our quarterly
financial performance does not meet the expectations of securities analysts,
our stock price would likely decline. The decrease in the stock price may be
disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance.

Our quarterly
operating results are subject to significant fluctuation.

Our operating results have
fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, and we expect that they will continue
to do so in the future. Our earnings may not continue to grow at rates similar
to the growth rates achieved in recent years and may fall short of either a
prior fiscal period or investors’ expectations. Factors that could cause these
quarterly fluctuations include the following: the extent to which sales in new
stores result in the loss of sales in existing stores; the mix of products
sold; pricing actions of competitors; the level of advertising and promotional
expenses; extreme weather-related disruptions; and seasonality, primarily
because the sales and profitability of our stores are typically slightly lower
in the first and second quarter of the fiscal year than in other quarters. Most
of our operating expenses, such as rent expense, advertising expense and
employee salaries, do not vary directly with the amount of sales and are
difficult to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular
quarter are below expectations for that quarter, we may not proportionately
reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales
shortfall would have a disproportionate effect on our net income for the
quarter.

Our expanding
international operations expose us to the unique risks inherent in foreign
operations.

As of January 28,
2006, we had operations in 19 countries in Europe, South America and Asia
and a significant presence in Canada. As evidenced by our recent entry into the
South American and Asian markets, we may also seek to expand further into other
international markets. Our foreign operations encounter risks similar to those
faced by our U.S. operations, as well as risks inherent in foreign operations,
such as local customs and regulatory constraints, foreign trade policies,
competitive conditions, foreign currency fluctuations and unstable political
and economic conditions. Further, our recent acquisitions in Europe and South
America and our investments in Asia have increased our exposure to these
foreign operating risks, which could have an adverse impact on our
international income and worldwide profitability.

Our business may be
adversely affected by the actions of and risks associated with our third-party
vendors.

The products we sell are
sourced from a wide variety of third-party vendors. We cannot control the
supply, design, function or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale
and are dependent on the availability and pricing of key products, including
without limitation paper, ink, toner and technology products. Disruptions in
the availability of raw materials used in production of these products may
adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. In addition,
global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our
financial performance. Our ability 

11

to find
qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner is a
significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside the
United States. Political instability, the financial instability of suppliers,
merchandise quality issues, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange
rates, transport capacity and costs, inflation and other factors relating to
foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our
vendors could adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Our expanded
offering of proprietary branded products may not improve our financial
performance and may expose us to product liability claims.

Our product offering
includes Staples, Quill and other proprietary branded products which
represented approximately 18% of our total sales in fiscal 2005. While we have
focused on the quality of our proprietary branded products, we rely on
third-party manufacturers for these products. Such third party manufacturers
may prove to be unreliable, or the quality of our globally sourced products may
not meet our expectations. Furthermore, economic and political conditions in
areas of the world where we source such products may adversely affect the
availability and cost of such products. In addition, our proprietary branded
products compete with other manufacturers’ branded items that we offer. As we
continue to increase the number and types of proprietary branded products that
we sell, we may adversely affect our relationships with our vendors, who may
decide to reduce their product offerings through Staples and increase their
product offerings through our competitors. Finally, if any of our customers are
harmed by our proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability
and other claims against us.  Any of
these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
performance.

Our debt level and
operating lease commitments could impact our ability to obtain future financing
and continue our growth strategy.

Our consolidated
outstanding debt at January 28, 2006 was $538.0 million. Our future
minimum lease commitments due for retail store and support facilities and
equipment leases under non-cancelable operating leases were $5.25 billion
at January 28, 2006. Our consolidated debt and operating lease obligations
may have the effect generally of restricting our flexibility in responding to
changing market conditions and could make us more vulnerable in the event of a
downturn in our business. In addition, our level of indebtedness may have other
important consequences, including: restricting our growth; making it more
difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; limiting our ability to borrow
additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service
requirements, future acquisitions or other corporate purposes; and limiting our
ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business. In such a
situation, additional funds may not be available on satisfactory terms when
needed, or at all, whether in the next twelve months or thereafter.

The California wage
and hour class action lawsuit may adversely affect our business and financial
performance.

Various class action
lawsuits have been brought against us for alleged violations of what is known
as California’s “wage and hour” law. The plaintiffs have alleged that we
improperly classified both general and assistant store managers as exempt under
the California wage and hour law, making such managers ineligible for overtime
wages. The plaintiffs are seeking to require us to pay overtime wages to the
putative class for the period from October 21, 1995 to the present. The
court has granted class certification to the plaintiffs. The court’s ruling is
procedural only and does not address the merits of the plaintiffs’ allegations.
We believe that the class was improperly certified and intend to appeal the
decision. If the case goes to trial, we believe we have meritorious defenses in
the litigation and expect to prevail. If, however, there is an adverse judgment
from which there is no successful appeal, damages could range from $10 million
to $150 million, excluding interest and attorneys’ fees.