Global economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

        Our operating results and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and their impact on business and consumer
spending. Increases in the levels of unemployment, energy and commodities costs, healthcare costs, higher interest rates and taxes, a return to tighter credit markets, lower consumer confidence and
other factors could result in a decline in business and consumer spending. Although there has been some improvement in some of these measures, the level of business and consumer spending across the
globe is not where it was prior to the global recession. Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions if there is a renewed
decline in business and consumer spending or such spending remains stagnant. 

Our market is highly competitive and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully. 

        The office products market is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of local, regional, national and international retailers,
dealers and distributors for customers, associates, locations, products, services, and other important aspects of our business. In most of our geographic markets, we compete with other
high-volume office supply providers such as Office Depot, OfficeMax and Lyreco, as well as mass merchants such as Wal-Mart, Target and Tesco, warehouse clubs such as Costco,
computer and electronics superstores such as Best Buy, specialty technology stores such as Apple, copy and print businesses such as FedEx Office, online retailers such as Amazon.com, and other
discount retailers. Our retail stores and delivery operations also compete with numerous mail order firms, contract stationer businesses, electronic commerce distributors, regional and local dealers
and direct manufacturers. 

        We
strive to differentiate ourselves from our competitors in part by executing our brand promise: 
we bring easy to your office

. This
involves providing our customers with solutions through a broad selection of products and services at competitive prices that meet customers' changing needs and purchasing habits. For example,
technology has changed how people work and conduct business which impacts the types of office supplies being purchased. We offer, among other things, convenient store locations, helpful associates,
and reliable and fast order delivery. Many of our competitors have increased their presence in our markets in recent years by expanding their assortment of office products and services, opening new
stores near our existing stores, and offering direct delivery of office products. Some of our current and potential competitors are larger than we are or may have more experience in selling certain
products or delivering services and may have substantially greater financial resources. If we fail to execute on our brand promise, offer the appropriate product mix at competitive prices or are
otherwise unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, we may be unable to attract and retain customers. 

Our growth may strain our operations. 

        Our business has grown dramatically over the years, and we expect our business to continue to grow organically and through strategic
acquisitions. Sales of our products and services, the types of our customers, the nature of our contracts, the mix of our businesses, the number of countries in which we conduct business, the number
of stores that we operate and the number of our associates have grown and changed, and we expect they will continue to grow and change over the long-term. This growth places significant
demands on management and operational systems. If we cannot effectively manage our growth, it is likely to result in operational inefficiencies and ineffective management of our business. In addition,
as we grow, our business is subject to a wider array of complex state, federal and international regulations, and may be increasingly the target of private actions alleging violations of such
regulations. This increases the cost of doing business and the risk that our business practices could unknowingly result in liabilities that may adversely affect our business and financial
performance. To the extent we grow through strategic acquisitions, our success will depend on selecting the appropriate targets, integrating such acquisitions quickly and effectively and realizing any
expected synergies and cost savings related to such acquisitions. 

8

We may be unable to continue to enter new markets successfully. 

        An important part of our business plan is to increase our presence in new markets, which could include adding delivery operations or
stores in new geographic markets or selling new products and services. For example, we plan to open approximately 50 new stores in 2011. For our strategy to be successful, we must identify favorable
store sites, negotiate leases on acceptable terms, hire and train qualified associates and adapt management and operational systems to meet the needs of our expanded operations. These tasks may be
difficult to accomplish, especially as we allocate time and resources to managing the profitability of our large existing portfolio of stores and renewing our existing store leases with acceptable
terms. In addition, local zoning and other land use regulations may prevent or delay the opening of new stores in some markets. If we are unable to open new stores as efficiently as we planned, our
future sales and profits may be adversely affected. 

        Our
expansion strategy also includes providing new products and service offerings. We may have limited experience in these newer markets such as technology services and such offerings
may present new and difficult challenges. In addition, customers may not be familiar with our brand, we may not carry the correct assortment of products, we may not be able to meet customer
preferences at competitive prices or our competitors may have a larger, more established market presence. Even if we succeed in entering new markets, our sales or profit levels in newer activities may
not be successful enough to recoup our investments in them and may reduce our overall profitability. 

Our expanding international operations expose us to risks inherent in foreign operations. 

        We currently operate in 25 countries outside the United States and plan to continue to grow internationally. Operating in multiple
countries requires that we comply with multiple foreign laws and
regulations that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. Cultural differences abroad and local practices of conducting business
may conflict with our own business practices and ethics standards. Ensuring compliance with foreign and U.S. laws and our own policies may require that we implement new operational systems and
financial controls, conduct audits or internal investigations, train our associates and third parties on our existing compliance methods, and take other actions, all of which may be expensive, divert
management's time and impact our operations. There are also different employee/employer relationships and in some cases the existence of workers' councils that may delay or impact the implementation
of some of these operational systems. In addition, differences in business practices in our international markets may cause customers to be less receptive to our business model than we expect. 

        Risks
inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and greater difficulty
in enforcing intellectual property rights. Other factors that may also have an adverse impact on our international operations include limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and
foreign currency exchange restrictions, complex import and export schemes, increased local competition, unfavorable foreign trade policies, unstable political or economic conditions, and geopolitical
events, including war and terrorism. 

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate. 

        We are a multi-national, multi-channel provider of office products and services. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from a
combination of applicable tax rates in the various countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate may be lower or higher than our tax rates have been in the past
due to numerous factors, including the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, changes in the laws and the tax filing positions we take in
various jurisdictions. We base our estimate of an effective tax rate at any given point in time upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the amount of
business likely to be done in any given jurisdiction. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country,
changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, adverse outcomes from tax audits that we may be subject to in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or changes in tax laws in any of
the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. 

Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could lead to lower earnings. 

        As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. Sales from our delivery
operations and stores outside the U.S. are denominated in the currency of the country in which these operations or stores are located and changes in foreign exchange rates affect the translation of
the sales and earnings of 

9

these
businesses into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Additionally, merchandising agreements may also be denominated in the currency of the country where the vendor resides. Although we
attempt to mitigate such risks, we may not be entirely successful in our strategy. 

We may be unable to attract and retain qualified associates. 

        Our customers value courteous and knowledgeable associates, and an important part of our "Easy" brand strategy is a positive customer
service experience. Accordingly, our performance depends on attracting and retaining a large number of qualified associates. We face intense competition for qualified associates. We face even tighter
labor markets as we expand into emerging markets such as India and China. Many of our associates are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our
ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the workforce,
unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and the cost of compliance with local labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to attract and
retain a sufficient number of qualified associates, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

Our quarterly operating results are subject to significant fluctuation. 

        Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, and we expect that they will continue to do so in the
future. Historically, sales and profitability are generally stronger in the second half of our fiscal year than the first half of our fiscal year due in part to back-to-school,
holiday and back-to-business seasons. Factors that could also cause these quarterly fluctuations include: the mix of products sold; pricing actions of competitors; the level of
advertising and promotional expenses; the outcome of legal proceedings; severe weather; and the other risk factors described in this section. Most of our operating expenses, such as occupancy costs
and associate salaries, do not vary directly with the amount of sales and are difficult to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular quarter are below expectations, we may not
proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have a disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. 

If we are unable to manage our debt, it could materially harm our business and financial condition and restrict our operating flexibility. 

        We have long-term debt and debt service requirements, with $1.5 billion 9.75% notes due in January 2014,
$500 million 7.75% notes due in April 2011 and $325 million 7.375% notes due in October 2012. Our consolidated outstanding debt as of January 29, 2011 was $2.56 billion. If
we are unable to satisfy our debt service requirements, we may default under one or more of our credit facilities or the indentures governing our notes. If we default or breach our obligations, we
could be required to pay a higher rate of interest or lenders could require us to accelerate our repayment obligations, and such a default could materially harm our business and financial condition.
Our level of indebtedness may also place us at a competitive disadvantage against less leveraged competitors. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the actions of and risks associated with our third-party vendors. 

        The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of third-party vendors. We derive benefits from vendor allowances and promotional
incentives which may not be offered in the future. We also cannot control the supply, design, function or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale and are dependent on the availability and
pricing of key products, including paper, ink, toner, technology and printing equipment. Some of the products we offer are supplied to us on an exclusive basis and may be difficult to replace in a
timely manner. Disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in the production of these products may also adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. 

        Global
sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient
manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political instability, the financial instability of suppliers, trade restrictions, tariffs,
foreign currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, inflation and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. In addition, merchandise quality issues could cause us to
initiate voluntary or mandatory recalls for our proprietary branded products or other products we sell which may then damage our reputation. These and other issues affecting our vendors could
adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 

10

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products may not improve our financial performance and may expose us to intellectual property and product liability claims. 

        Our product offering includes Staples, Quill and other proprietary branded products, which represented approximately 24% of our sales
in fiscal 2010. Our proprietary branded products compete with other manufacturers' branded items that we offer. An increase in our proprietary branded product offerings also exposes us to risk that
third parties will assert infringement claims against us with respect to such products. The more proprietary brand product offerings we sell, the more this risk increases. In addition, if any of our
customers are harmed by our proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us or we may have to issue voluntary or mandatory recalls. Any of these
circumstances could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Technological problems may impact our operations. 

        We rely heavily on technology to sell and deliver our office products. Our ability to attract and retain customers, compete and operate
effectively depends in part on a reliable and easy to use technology infrastructure. Any disruption to the Internet or our technology infrastructure, including those affecting our Web sites and
computer systems, may cause a decline in our customer satisfaction, impact our sales volumes or result in increased costs. Although we continue to invest in our technology, if we are unable to
continually add
software and hardware, effectively manage and upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and develop effective system availability, disaster recovery plans and protection solutions, our business
may be adversely affected. 

Our information security may be compromised. 

        Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase
products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal
course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we
cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful,
misappropriate confidential customer or business information. In addition, a Staples associate, contractor or other third party with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures
in order to obtain such information or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose
us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the
development of new operational processes. 

Various legal proceedings, third party claims, investigations or audits may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

        We are involved in various private legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, intellectual property, tort and other
litigation. As our workforce expands, we are subject to potentially increasing challenges by private litigants regarding compliance with local, state and national labor regulations, whether
meritorious or not. In addition, companies have increasingly been subject to employment related class action litigation, and we have experienced an increase in "wage and hour" class action lawsuits.
We expect that these trends will continue to affect us. 

        As
our operations grow, we are subject to claims that the technology we use or the products we sell infringe intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether
meritorious or not, involve significant managerial resources and can become costly. Generally, we have indemnification protections in our agreements which our vendors or licensors have historically
honored; however, there are no assurances that such vendors or licensors will continue to do so in the future. 

        In
addition, we may be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or which can result
from increased scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country or practice. The resolution of these legal proceedings, third party claims, investigations or audits could require us to
pay substantial amounts of money or take actions that adversely affect our operations. In addition, defending against these claims may involve significant time and expense. Given the large size of our
operations 

11

and
workforce, the visibility of our brand and our position as an industry leader, we may regularly be involved in legal proceedings, third party claims, investigations or audits that could adversely
affect our business and financial performance. 

Changes in federal, state or local regulations may increase our cost of doing business. 

        We are subject to federal, state and local regulations. Over the last couple of years in the U.S. there have been a number of new
legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms, which have resulted in new legislation. We may experience an increase in costs in complying with such new legislation. Changes affecting our
workforce such as raising the local minimum wage, healthcare mandates, environmental regulations, and other wage or workplace regulations could increase our costs. In addition, proposed changes in tax
regulations may also change our effective tax rate as our business is subject to a combination of applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate as described in more detail
above. 

12