For an enterprise as large and complex as ours, a wide range of factors could materially affect
future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report, the most
significant factors affecting our operations include the following: 

Changes in economic conditions in the United States, the regional economies in
which we operate or in specific economic sectors could adversely affect the profitability of our businesses. 

Approximately 68% of
our revenues in 2005 were derived from marketing and advertising spending by businesses operating in the United States. Advertising and marketing spending is sensitive to economic conditions, and tends to decline in recessionary periods. A decline
in economic conditions could reduce advertising prices, resulting in a decrease in our advertising revenues. A decline in economic conditions could also impact consumers discretionary spending. Such a reduction in consumer spending may impact the
volume of online shopping, which could adversely affect our comparison shopping business. 

We derive a substantial portion of our
advertising revenues from the automotive industry. For example, approximately 25% of total broadcast television advertising revenue came from the automotive category in 2005. A decline in advertising spending by auto manufacturers could adversely
affect our advertising revenues. 

Our traditional media businesses face substantial competition for advertising revenues with non-traditional digital
media. 

All of our advertising-supported businesses are subject to competition for advertising revenues. Competitors for advertising
revenues include paid and free newspapers, magazines, broadcast, satellite and cable television, broadcast and satellite radio, video-on-demand services, Web sites, direct marketing and the Yellow Pages. 

Competition for advertising revenue is increasingly intense with digital media platforms. The popularity of the Internet and low barriers to entry have
led to a wide variety of alternatives available to advertisers and consumers. As media audiences fragment, advertisers are increasing the portion of their advertising budgets allocated to non-traditional media, such as Internet sites and search
engines. Internet sites and search engines can offer more measurable returns than traditional media advertising through pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted advertising. We may also compete with companies that sell products and services online
because these companies are trying to attract users to their Internet sites directly to search for information about their products and services. 

In recent years, Internet sites dedicated to help wanted, real estate and automobile sales have become significant competitors for classified advertising. Entities with a large Internet presence are entering the classified market,
heightening the risk of continued erosion. We may experience greater competition from specialized Internet sites in other areas, such as travel and entertainment advertising. Although the amount of advertising on our Internet sites has been
increasing, we may experience a decline in advertising revenues if we are unable to attract advertising to our Internet sites in sufficient volume or at rates comparable to that of our traditional media businesses. 

Television viewing audiences have fragmented, and further fragmentation could adversely affect our advertising revenues.

The expanded availability of digital cable television and the introduction of direct-to-home satellite distribution has greatly increased the options
available to the viewing public. In addition, technological advancements in the video, telecommunications and data services industry is changing rapidly. Advances in technologies such as personal video recorders, video-on-demand and streaming video
on broadband Internet connections enable viewers to time-shift programming or to skip commercial messages. These changes have subjected Scripps Networks and our broadcast television stations to increased competition and to new types of competition
for both viewers and advertising revenues. 

Continued fragmentation of the television audience and technological developments could affect
the viewership levels of our businesses. Reductions in viewership levels could result in decreases in advertising revenues. Our ability to anticipate changes in, and adapt to, changes in technology and consumer tastes on a timely basis and exploit
new sources of revenue from these changes is critical to our ability to increase our advertising revenues and to remain competitive. 

We purchase
keyword advertising on general search engines to attract consumers to our comparison shopping Internet site. 

Many consumers access
our service by clicking through search results displayed by Google, Yahoo! and other popular general search engines. Search engines typically provide two types of search results, algorithmic listings and purchased listings. We rely on both
algorithmic and purchased listings to attract consumers to our comparison shopping Internet site. 

Algorithmic listings cannot be
purchased, and instead are determined and displayed solely by a set of formulas designed by the search engine. Search engines revise their algorithms from time to time in an attempt to optimize their search result listings. Modification of such
algorithms may result in fewer consumers clicking through to our Internet site. 

Table of Contents

14 

We also rely on purchased listings to attract consumers to our comparison shopping Internet site. Many
general search engines also operate Internet shopping services. Modification or termination of our contractual relationships with general search engines to purchase keyword advertising could result in fewer consumers clicking through to our Internet
site. We may incur additional expenses to replace this traffic. 

Approximately 30% to 40% of our referral fee revenues in 2005 were with a general
search engine and a change in this relationship could harm our business. 

In August 2002, we entered into the first of three
agreements with a general search engine to participate in its sponsored links program. Under each of these agreements, pursuant to a contractual agreement that expires in October 2008, we display listings from the search engine’s advertisers as
a part of our service. We receive a share of the revenues earned by the search engine when consumers visit the advertisers’ websites. Our revenues could be affected if this agreement were not renewed upon expiration or if the agreement were not
renewed on similar terms. 

Advertising and referral fee revenues are subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. 

Due to increased demand in the spring and holiday seasons, the second and fourth quarters normally have higher advertising revenues than our first and
third quarters. Referral fee revenues are highest in the fourth quarter due in part to increased online shopping during the holiday season. In addition, advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from political advertising. If a short-term
negative impact on our business were to occur during a time of high seasonal demand, there could be a disproportionate effect on the operating results of that business for the year. 

Changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment could reduce demand for our entertainment offerings and products and reduce profitability. 

Our businesses create entertainment products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable
ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create content and programming that meets the changing preferences of the consumer market. The acceptance of our offerings and products and their success depends on our
ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences. If our product offerings do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our share of the viewing audience may be adversely affected. Declines in such audience shares could
result in a reduction in advertising revenue. 

Scripps Networks is dependent upon the maintenance of distribution agreements with cable and satellite
distributors on acceptable terms.

We enter into long-term contracts for the distribution of our networks on cable and satellite
television systems. Our long-term distribution arrangements enable us to reach a large percentage of cable and direct broadcast satellite households across the United States. As these contracts expire, we must renew or renegotiate the contracts, and
if we are unable to renew them on acceptable terms, we may lose distribution rights. 

The loss of a significant number of affiliation
arrangements on basic programming tiers could reduce the distribution of HGTV and Food Network, thereby adversely affecting affiliate fee revenue and our ability to sell advertising or the rates we are able to charge for such advertising.

Our networks that are carried on digital tiers are dependent upon the continued upgrade of cable systems to digital capability and the
public’s continuing acceptance of, and willingness to pay for upgrades to, digital cable, as well as our ability to negotiate favorable carriage agreements on widely accepted digital tiers. 

Consolidation among cable television system operators has given the largest cable and satellite television systems considerable leverage in their
relationship with programmers. In 1996, the two largest cable television system operators provided service to approximately 22% of households receiving cable or satellite television service. They provide service to approximately 45% of such
households today, with the two largest satellite television operators providing service to an additional 28% of such households. 

Continued
consolidation within the industry could reduce the number of distributors available to carry our programming, subject our affiliate fee revenue to greater volume discounts, and further increase the negotiating leverage of the cable and satellite
television system operators. 

Decreases, or slow growth, in circulation adversely affects our circulation revenues and also our advertising revenues.

In recent years the newspaper industry has had difficulty increasing circulation volume and revenues. Since 2001 the daily and
Sunday circulation of our newspapers has declined approximately 5%. The declines are due, in part, to competition from other forms of media, particularly the Internet. Regular newspaper buying has declined, particularly among young people who
increasingly rely on the Internet and other non-traditional media for news. 

A prolonged decline in circulation copies could have an effect
on the rate and volume of advertising revenues, which are dependent on the size and demographics of the audience we provide to our advertisers. To maintain our circulation base, we may incur additional costs. We may not be able to recover these
costs through increased circulation and advertising revenues. 

The loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect our broadcast television
stations’ results of operations. 

Our broadcast television station business owns and operates ten television stations. Six of
the stations are affiliated with ABC and three are affiliated with NBC. These television networks produce and distribute programming in exchange for each of our stations’ commitment to air the programming at specified times and for commercial
announcement time during the programming. 

The non-renewal or termination of any of our other network affiliation agreements would prevent
us from being able to carry programming of the relevant network. This loss of programming 

Table of Contents

15 

would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher costs and which may not be as attractive to
our target audiences, resulting in reduced revenues.

We continue to develop new products and services for evolving markets. There can be no assurance
of the success of these efforts due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

There are substantial
uncertainties associated with our efforts to develop new products and services for evolving markets, and substantial investments may be required. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be
achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as the development of competitive alternatives, rapid technological change, regulatory changes and shifting market preferences, may cause new markets to
move in unanticipated directions. 

We cannot be certain that we will be successful in integrating businesses we may acquire with our existing
businesses.

We may grow through acquisitions in certain markets, and we may also consider the acquisition of businesses that fall
outside our traditional lines of business. For example, in recent years we have acquired GAC, but have also acquired Shop At Home and Shopzilla which are outside our traditional lines of business. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties
in integrating acquired operations, diversions of management resources, debt incurred in financing such acquisitions and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. In addition, while we intend to implement appropriate controls and procedures as
we integrate acquired companies, we may not be able to certify as to the effectiveness of these companies’ disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting (as required by recent amendments to U.S. federal
securities laws and regulations) until we have fully integrated those acquired businesses. 

Macro economic factors may impede access to or increase
the cost of financing our operations and investments. 

Changes in U.S. and global financial and equity markets, including market
disruptions and significant interest rate fluctuations, may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or increase the cost of obtaining financing. In addition, our borrowing costs can be affected by short
and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. A decrease in these ratings could increase our
cost of borrowing or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. 

Sustained increases in costs of pension and employee health and welfare
benefits may reduce our profitability. 

Employee compensation and benefits accounts for approximately 33% of our total operating
expenses. Our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension benefits and other employee benefits. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in these costs as a result of macro economic factors beyond our control,
including increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on plan assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. At least some of these macro economic factors may continue to put upward
pressure on the cost of providing pension and medical benefits. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could
reduce the profitability of our businesses. 

We Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment Charges 

We test our goodwill and intangible assets, including FCC licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of every year, and on an interim date should
factors or indicators become apparent that would require an interim test, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” If the fair value of a reporting unit or an
intangible asset is revised downward, an impairment under SFAS 142 could result and a non-cash charge could be required. This could materially affect our reported net earnings. 

In the fourth quarter of 2005, we recorded a $103.1 million charge to reduce the carrying value of the Shop At Home goodwill and intangible assets to
fair value. 

In February 2006, we announced we are exploring strategic alternatives for Shop At Home. We may incur additional operating
losses as we explore such alternatives. If we determine the carrying value of the remaining assets is less than their fair value an additional non-cash charge will be required. Implementation of identified strategic alternatives may result in our
incurring additional liabilities. 

We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights upon which our business relies, and if we lose
intellectual property protection, we may lose valuable assets. 

Our business depends on our intellectual property, including
internally developed technology and data resources and brand identification and journalistic reputation. We attempt to protect these intellectual property rights through a combination of copyright, trade secret, patent and trademark law and
contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements. We also depend on our trade names and domain names. We file applications for patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property registration where we deem it appropriate to our
business, but such applications may not result in the issuance of patents, registered trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property registrations. In addition, even if such registrations are issued, they may not fully protect all
important aspects of our business and there is no guarantee that our business does not or will not infringe upon intellectual property rights of others. Furthermore, intellectual property laws vary from country to country, and it may be more
difficult to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights in some foreign jurisdictions. In the future, we may need to litigate in the United States or elsewhere to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others. This litigation could potentially be expensive and possibly divert the attention of our management. 

Table of Contents

16 

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or
otherwise obtain and use our service, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these
rights. If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, then we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business may suffer. 

Our Common Voting shares are principally held by descendants of Edward W Scripps, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control.

We have two classes of stock: Common Voting shares and Class A Common shares. Holders of Class A Common shares are
entitled to elect one-third of the Board of Directors, but are not permitted to vote any other matters except as required by Ohio law. Holders of Common Voting shares are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters.
Our Common Voting shares are principally held by descendants of Edward W Scripps. A family trust holds 87% of the Common Voting shares. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect two-thirds of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of
any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common shares. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be
beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common shares could be adversely affected.