.

Investors should read carefully the following factors as well as the cautionary statements referred to in “Forward-Looking Statements” herein. If any of the risks and uncertainties described below or elsewhere in this Annual Report actually occur, the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Risks Inherent in the Company’s Business

The future prices for natural gas, oil and NGL are unpredictable. 
Historically natural gas, oil and NGL prices have been volatile and will likely continue to be volatile in the future. U.S. natural gas prices in particular are significantly influenced by weather. Any significant or extended decline in commodity prices would impact the Company’s future financial condition, revenues, operating results, cash flows, returns on invested capital, and rate of growth. Because approximately 89% of Market Resources’ proved reserves at December 31, 2007, were natural gas, the Company’s revenues, margins, cash flow, net income and return on invested capitals are substantially more sensitive to changes in natural gas prices than to changes in oil prices. 

Questar cannot predict the future price of natural gas, oil and NGL because of factors beyond its control, including but not limited to:

•

changes in domestic and foreign supply of natural gas, oil and NGL;

•

changes in local, regional, national and global demand for natural gas, oil, and NGL;

•

regional price differences resulting from available pipeline transportation capacity or local demand;

QUESTAR 2007 FORM 10-K

13

•

the level of imports of, and the price of, foreign natural gas, oil and NGL;

•

domestic and global economic conditions;

•

domestic political developments;

•

weather conditions;

•

domestic and foreign government regulations and taxes;

•

political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions;

•

conservation efforts;

•

the price, availability and acceptance of alternative fuels;

•

U.S. storage levels of natural gas, oil, and NGL;

•

differing Btu content of gas produced and quality of oil produced.

The Company may not be able to economically find and develop new reserves

. The Company’s profitability depends not only on prevailing prices for natural gas, oil and NGL, but also its ability to find, develop and acquire gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. Producing natural gas and oil reservoirs are generally characterized by declining production rates that vary depending on reservoir characteristics. Because of the high-rate production decline profile of several of the Company’s producing areas, substantial capital expenditures are required to find, develop and acquire gas and oil reserves to replace those depleted by production. 

Gas and oil reserve estimates are imprecise and subject to revision

. Questar E&P’s proved natural gas and oil reserve estimates are prepared annually by independent reservoir-engineering consultants. Gas and oil reserve estimates are subject to numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves, projecting future rates of production and timing of development expenditures. The accuracy of these estimates depends on the quality of available data and on engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Reserve estimates are imprecise and will change as additional information becomes available. Estimates of economically recoverable reserves and future net cash flows prepared by different engineers, or by the same engineers at different times, may vary significantly. Results of subsequent drilling, testing and production may cause either upward or downward revisions of previous estimates. In addition, the estimation process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, severance and other taxes, capital expenditures and remedial costs. Actual results most likely will vary from the estimates. Any significant variance could reduce the estimated future net revenues from proved reserves and the present value of those reserves. 

Investors should not assume that the “standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows” from Questar E&P’s proved reserves referred to in this Annual Report is the current market value of the estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from Questar E&P’s proved reserves is based on prices and costs in effect on the date of the estimate, holding the prices constant throughout the life of the properties. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the current estimate, and future determinations of the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than the current estimate.

Shortages of oilfield equipment, services and qualified personnel could impact results of operations.
 The demand for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and gas industry can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas prices, causing periodic shortages. There have also been shortages of drilling rigs and other equipment, as demand for rigs and equipment has increased along with the number of wells being drilled. These factors also cause significant increases in costs for equipment, services and personnel. Higher oil and natural gas prices generally stimulate increased demand and result in increased costs for drilling rigs, crews and associated supplies, equipment and services. These shortages or cost increases could impact profit margin, cash flow and operating results or restrict the ability to drill wells and conduct operations.

Gas and oil operations involve numerous risks that might result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
 Drilling is a high-risk activity. Operating risks include: fire, explosions and blow-outs; unexpected drilling conditions such as abnormally pressured formations; abandonment costs; pipe, cement or casing failures; environmental accidents such as oil spills, natural gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases, brine or well fluids (including groundwater contamination). The Company could incur substantial losses as a result of injury or loss of life; pollution or other environmental damage; damage to or destruction of property and equipment; regulatory investigation; fines or curtailment of operations; or attorney’s fees and other expenses incurred in the prosecution or defense of litigation.

There are also inherent operating risks and hazards in the Company’s gas and oil production, gas gathering, processing, transportation and distribution operations that could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses. The location of pipelines near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. Certain segments of the Company’s pipelines run through such areas. In spite of the Company’s precautions, an event could cause considerable harm to people or property, and could have a material adverse effect on the financial position and results of operations, particularly if the event is not fully covered by insurance. 

QUESTAR 2007 FORM 10-K

14

Accidents or other operating risks could further result in loss of service available to the Company’s customers. Such circumstances could adversely impact the Company’s ability to meet contractual obligations and retain customers.

As is customary in the gas and oil industry, the Company maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these potential risks and losses. Questar cannot assure that insurance will be adequate to cover these losses or liabilities. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured or underinsured events could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operations.

Questar is dependent on bank credit facilities and continued access to capital markets to successfully execute its operating strategies

. Questar also relies on access to short-term commercial paper markets. The Company is dependent on these capital sources to provide financing for certain projects. The availability and cost of these credit sources is cyclical, and these capital sources may not remain available or the Company may not be able to obtain money at a reasonable cost in the future. All of Questar’s bank loans are floating-rate debt. From time to time the Company may use interest-rate derivatives to fix the rate on a portion of its variable-rate debt. The interest rates on bank loans are tied to debt credit ratings of Questar and its subsidiaries published by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. A downgrade of credit ratings could increase the interest cost of debt and decrease future availability of money from banks and other sources. Management believes it is important to maintain investment grade credit ratings to conduct the Company’s businesses, but may not be able to keep investment grade ratings.

Risks Related to Strategy

A significant portion of Market Resources production, revenue and cash flow is derived from assets that are concentrated in the Rocky Mountain region. 
While geographic concentration of assets provides scope and scale that can reduce operating costs and provide other operating synergies, asset concentration does increase exposure to certain risks. Market Resources has extensive operations on the Pinedale Anticline and in the Greater Green River Basin of southwestern Wyoming and in the Uinta Basin of eastern Utah. Any circumstance or event that negatively impacts the operations of Questar E&P, Wexpro or Gas Management in that area could materially reduce earnings and cash flow.

Questar uses derivative arrangements to manage exposure to uncertain prices
. Questar uses commodity-price derivative arrangements to reduce, or hedge, exposure to volatile natural gas, oil, and NGL prices and to protect cash flow, returns on capital, net income and credit ratings from downward commodity price movements. To the extent the Company hedges commodity price exposure, it forgoes the benefits of commodity price increases. Questar believes its regulated businesses – interstate natural gas transportation and retail gas distribution – and its Wexpro subsidiary generate revenues that are not significantly sensitive to short-term fluctuations in commodity prices.

Questar enters into commodity-price derivative arrangements with creditworthy counterparties (banks and energy-trading firms) that do not require collateral deposits. The amount of credit available may vary depending on the credit ratings assigned to the Company’s debt securities. A downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings to sub-investment grade could result in the acceleration of obligations to hedge counterparties. 

Questar may be subject to risks in connection with acquisitions. 
The acquisition of gas and oil properties requires the assessment of recoverable reserves; future gas and oil sales prices and basis differentials; operating costs; and potential environmental and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain. In connection with these assessments, the Company performs a review of the subject properties and pursues contractual protection and indemnification generally consistent with industry practices.

Risks Related to Regulation

Questar is subject to complex regulations on many levels

. The Company is subject to federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and tend to become more onerous over time. In addition to the costs of compliance, substantial costs may be incurred to take corrective actions at both owned and previously-owned facilities. Accidental spills and leaks requiring cleanup may occur in the ordinary course of business. As standards change, the Company may incur significant costs in cases where past operations followed practices that were considered acceptable at the time but that now require remedial work to meet current standards. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in fines, significant costs for remedial activities, or injunctions. 

Questar must comply with numerous and complex regulations governing activities on federal and state lands in the Rocky Mountain region, notably the National Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the National Historic Preservation Act. Federal and state agencies frequently impose conditions on the Company’s activities. These restrictions have become more stringent over time and can limit or prevent exploration and production on the Company’s Rockies leasehold. Certain environmental groups oppose drilling on some of Market Resources’ federal and state leases. These groups sometimes sue federal and state agencies for alleged procedural violations in an attempt to stop, limit or delay natural gas and oil development on public lands.

QUESTAR 2007 FORM 10-K

15

Various federal agencies within the U.S. Department of the Interior, particularly the Minerals Management Service and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, along with each Native American tribe, promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to gas and oil operations on Native American tribal lands. These regulations include such matters as lease provisions, drilling and production requirements, environmental standards and royalty considerations. In addition, each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. These tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements to employ Native American tribal members and other conditions that apply to lessees, operators and contractors conducting operations on Native American tribal lands. Lessees and operators conducting operations on tribal lands are generally subject to the Native American tribal court system. One or more of these factors may increase the Company’s costs of doing business on Native American tribal lands and have an impact on the viability of its gas and oil exploration, production, gathering, processing and transportation operations on such lands. 

Both Questar Pipeline and Questar Gas incur significant costs to comply with federal pipeline-safety regulations. 

Questar may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change

. Many scientists believe that carbon dioxide emissions related to the use of fossil fuels may be causing changes in the earth’s climate. Federal and state courts and administrative agencies are considering the scope and scale of climate-change regulation under various laws pertaining to the environment, energy use and development, and greenhouse gas emissions. Questar’s ability to access and develop new natural gas reserves may be restricted by climate-change regulation. There are numerous bills pending in Congress that would regulate greenhouse gas emissions through a cap-and-trade system under which emitters would be required to buy allowances for offsets of emissions of greenhouse gases. In addition, several of the states in which Questar operates are considering various greenhouse gas registration and reduction programs. Carbon dioxide regulation could increase the price of natural gas, restrict access to or the use of natural gas, and/or reduce natural gas demand. Federal, state and local governments may also pass laws mandating the use of alternative energy sources, such as wind power and solar energy, which may reduce demand for natural gas. While future climate-change regulation is likely, it is too early to predict how this regulation will affect Questar’s business, operations or financial results. 

FERC regulates interstate transportation of natural gas. 
Questar Pipeline’s natural gas transportation and storage operations are regulated by the FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978. The FERC has authority to: set rates for natural gas transportation, storage and related services; set rules governing business relationships between the pipeline subsidiary and its affiliates; approve new pipeline and storage-facility construction; and establish policies and procedures for accounting, purchase, sale, abandonment and other activities. FERC policies may adversely affect Questar Pipeline profitability. The FERC also has various affiliate rules that may cause the Company to incur additional costs of compliance.

State agencies regulate the distribution of natural gas.
 Questar Gas natural gas-distribution business is regulated by the PSCU and the PSCW. These commissions set rates for distribution services and establish policies and procedures for services, accounting, purchase, sale and other activities. PSCU and PSCW policies may adversely affect Questar Gas profitability.

Other Risks

General economic and other conditions impact Questar’s results

. Questar’s results may also be negatively affected by: changes in general economic conditions; changes in regulation; availability and economic viability of gas and oil properties for sale or exploration; creditworthiness of counterparties; rate of inflation and interest rates; assumptions used in business combinations; weather and natural disasters; changes in customers’ credit ratings; competition from other forms of energy, other pipelines and storage facilities; effects of accounting policies issued periodically by accounting standard-setting bodies; terrorist attacks or acts of war; changes in business or financial condition; changes in credit ratings; and availability of financing for Questar.