.

          In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider
the following factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not
presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely
affect our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.

Worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions could adversely impact our
financial performance.

          Although we believe the severe worldwide and domestic economic conditions experienced over
recent years have improved, the degree and pace of recovery is uncertain and is expected to vary
around the globe. Worldwide and domestic economies remain subject to prolongation, exacerbation
and expansion of adverse conditions. We are subject to risks associated with adverse economic
conditions, including economic slowdown, inflation, and the disruption, volatility and tightening
of credit and capital markets.

          In addition, adverse global or domestic economic situations could adversely impact our major
suppliers, distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers, distributors or retailers to
conduct business or to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our
products. We have a committed credit facility and additional liquidity facilities available to us.
While to date we have not experienced problems with accessing these facilities, to the extent that
the financial institutions that participate in these facilities were to default on their obligation
to fund, those funds would not be available to us.

9

Table of Contents

          The timing and nature of any recovery in the financial markets remains uncertain, and there
can be no assurance that market conditions will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn,
further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide and domestic economies,
or return of high levels of inflation could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our
products, and create or exacerbate credit issues, cash flow issues and other financial hardships
for us and for our suppliers, distributors, retailers and consumers. Depending upon their severity
and duration, these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, liquidity,
financial condition and results of operations. We are not able to predict the pace of recovery of the recent adverse
economic conditions in the United States and our other major markets outside the United States.

Our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our financial health.

          We have incurred substantial indebtedness to finance our acquisitions. In the future, we may
incur substantial additional indebtedness to finance further acquisitions, the buyback of our
shares or for other purposes. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations outstanding from time to
time will depend upon our future operating performance. We do not have complete control over our
future operating performance because it is subject to prevailing economic conditions, levels of
interest rates and financial, business and other factors. We cannot assure you that our business
will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all of our debt service requirements and
to fund our capital expenditure requirements.

          Our current and future debt service obligations and covenants could have important
consequences to you. These consequences include, or may include, the following:

•

Our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs or acquisitions or
other purposes may be limited;

•

Our funds available for operations, expansion or distributions will be reduced
because we will dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the
payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;

•

Our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and

•

Our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged
competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.

          Our senior credit facility and the indentures under which our debt securities have been issued
contain restrictive covenants. These covenants affect our ability to, among other things, grant
liens and restrict changes of control and certain other fundamental changes. Our senior credit
facility also contains covenants that restrict our ability to make acquisitions, incur debt, sell
assets, pay dividends, enter into transactions with affiliates and make investments. It also
contains certain financial covenants, including a debt ratio test and an interest coverage ratio
test. These covenants could limit our ability to conduct business. If we fail to comply with the
obligations contained in the senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures or other
loan agreements, we could be in default under such agreements, which could require us to
immediately repay the related debt and also debt under other agreements that may contain
cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions.

10

Table of Contents

Our acquisition, divestiture and joint venture strategies may not be successful.

          We have made a number of acquisitions and we anticipate that we may, from time to time,
acquire additional businesses, assets or securities of companies that we believe would provide a
strategic fit with our business. We will need to integrate acquired businesses with our existing
operations. We cannot assure you that we will effectively assimilate the business or product
offerings of acquired companies into our business or realize anticipated operational synergies.
Integrating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our existing operations or
separating from our existing operations the operations and personnel of businesses of which we
divest may result in difficulties, significant expense and accounting charges, disrupt our business
or divert management’s time and attention. In connection with the integration of acquired
operations or the conduct of our overall business strategies, we may periodically restructure our
businesses and/or sell assets or portions of our business, including the recent sales of 80.1% of
our Australian and U.K. business, our U.K. cider business and our value spirits business. We may
not achieve expected cost savings or efficiencies from restructuring activities or realize the
expected proceeds from sales of assets or portions of our business, and actual charges, costs and
adjustments due to restructuring activities may vary materially from our estimates. We may provide
various indemnifications in connection with the sale of assets or portions of our business.
Additionally, our final determinations and appraisals of the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates. We cannot
assure you that the fair value of acquired businesses will remain constant.

          Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to unknown liabilities
of acquired companies and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired
business. In connection with acquisitions or joint venture investments outside the U.S., we may
enter into derivative contracts to purchase foreign currency in order to hedge against the risk of
foreign currency fluctuations in connection with such acquisitions or joint venture investments,
which subjects us to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations associated with such derivative
contracts.

          We have also acquired or retained equity or membership interests in companies which we do not
control, such as our holdings in Ruffino S.r.l. and our retained 19.9% interest in certain
companies that comprised our Australian and U.K. business. The other parties that hold the
remaining equity or membership interests in these types of companies may at any time have economic,
business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of those
companies. The arrangements through which we acquired or hold our equity or membership interests
may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to purchase other parties’ interests. Our
failure to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisition, or the failure of an entity
in which we have an equity or membership interest, could adversely affect our financial condition
or our valuation of these types of investments.

          We have entered into joint ventures, including our joint venture with Modelo and our holdings
in Opus One Winery LLC, and we may enter into additional joint ventures. We share control of our
joint ventures. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal
interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint venture. Our
joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make
certain capital investments. In addition, our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their
economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. Our
failure or the failure of an entity in which we have a joint venture interest to adequately manage
the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations.

11

Table of Contents

          We cannot assure you that any of our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures will be
profitable or that forecasts regarding joint venture activities will be accurate. In particular,
risks and uncertainties associated with our joint ventures include, among others, the joint
venture’s ability to operate its business successfully, the joint venture’s ability to develop
appropriate standards, controls, procedures and policies for the growth and management of the joint
venture and the strength of the joint venture’s relationships with its employees, suppliers and
customers.

Competition could have a material adverse effect on our business.

          We are in a highly competitive industry and the dollar amount and unit volume of our sales
could be negatively affected by our inability to maintain or increase prices, changes in geographic
or product mix, a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption or the decision of wholesalers,
retailers or consumers to purchase competitive products instead of our products. Wholesaler,
retailer and consumer purchasing decisions are influenced by, among other things, the perceived
absolute or relative overall value of our products, including their quality or pricing, compared to
competitive products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing, purchasing,
financing, operational, advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and
provincial agencies, and retailers which could affect their supply of, or consumer demand for, our
products. We could also experience higher than expected selling, general and administrative
expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or
marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons.

An increase in import and excise duties or other taxes or government regulations could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

          The U.S., Canada and other countries in which we operate impose import and excise duties and
other taxes on beverage alcohol products in varying amounts which have been subject to change.
Significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on beverage alcohol products could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Many U.S. states
have considered proposals to increase, and some of these states have increased, state alcohol
excise taxes. There may be further consideration by governmental entities to increase taxes upon
beverage alcohol products as governmental entities explore available alternatives for raising funds
during the current macroeconomic climate. In addition, federal, state, local and foreign
governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such
matters as licensing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, advertising and
relations with wholesalers and retailers. Certain federal and state or provincial regulations also
require warning labels and signage. New or revised regulations or increased licensing fees,
requirements or taxes could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations.

Benefit cost increases could reduce our profitability.

          Our profitability is affected by employee medical costs and other employee
benefits. In recent years, employee medical costs have increased due to factors such as the
increase in health care costs in the U.S. These factors, plus the enactment of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act in March 2010, will continue to put pressure on our business and
financial performance due to higher employee benefit costs. Although we actively seek to control
increases in employee benefit costs and encourage employees to maintain healthy lifestyles to
reduce future potential medical costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting
future cost increases. Continued employee benefit cost increases could have an adverse affect on
our results of operations and financial condition.

12

Table of Contents

          We also sponsor a very limited number of defined benefit plans that cover some of our non-U.S.
employees. Our costs of providing defined benefit plans are dependent upon a number of factors,
such as discount rates, the rates of return on the plans’ assets, exchange rate fluctuations,
future governmental regulation, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary
contributions to the plans. Without sustained growth in pension investments over time to increase
the value of the plans’ assets, and depending upon the other factors relating to worldwide and
domestic economic trends and financial market conditions, we could be required to increase funding
for some or all of our defined benefit plans.

We rely on the performance of wholesale distributors, major retailers and government agencies for
the success of our business.

          Local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. In the U.S., we sell our
products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets including grocery stores, club and
discount stores, package liquor stores and restaurants and also directly to government agencies,
while in Canada, we sell our products principally to government agencies. In the U.S., we have
entered into exclusive arrangements with certain wholesalers that
generate a large portion of our
U.S. net sales. The replacement or poor performance of our major wholesalers, retailers or
government agencies could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. Our inability to collect accounts receivable from our major wholesalers, retailers or
government agencies could also materially and adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition.

          The industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the wholesale and retail
distribution channels, particularly in the U.S. If we are unable to successfully adapt to this
changing environment, our net income, market share and volume growth could be negatively affected.
In addition, wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete directly with
our products for retail shelf space and consumer purchases. Accordingly, wholesalers or retailers
may give higher priority to products of our competitors. In the future, our wholesalers and
retailers may not continue to purchase our products or provide our products with adequate levels of
promotional support.

Our business could be adversely affected by a decline in the consumption of products we sell.

          While over the past several years there have been modest increases in consumption of beverage
alcohol in most of our product categories and geographic markets, there have been periods in the
past in which there were substantial declines in the overall per capita consumption of beverage
alcohol products in the U.S. and other markets in which we participate. A limited or general
decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a
variety of factors, including:

•

A general decline in economic or geo-political conditions;

•

Increased concern about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol
products and about drinking and driving;

•

A general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premise
establishments, such as may result from smoking bans and stricter laws related to
driving while under the influence of alcohol;

•

A trend toward a healthier diet including lighter, lower calorie beverages such as
diet soft drinks, sports drinks and water products;

•

The increased activity of anti-alcohol groups;

•

Increased federal, state, provincial or foreign excise or other taxes on beverage
alcohol products; and

•

Increased regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage
alcohol products.

13

Table of Contents

          We are primarily a branded consumer products company and we rely on consumers’ demand for our
products. Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in
demographic or social trends, public health policies, and changes in leisure, dining and beverage
consumption patterns. Our continued success will require us to anticipate and respond effectively
to shifts in consumer behavior and drinking tastes. If consumer preferences were to move away from
our premium brands in any of our major markets, our financial results might be adversely affected.
Other factors may also reduce consumer spending on our products, including economic declines,
inflation, a trend towards frugality even as the economy improves, wars, pandemics, weather, and
natural or man-made disasters. As the cost of gasoline and other petroleum-based products
increases, consumers may not have as much discretionary funds available to buy our products.

          In addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new
products. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain especially with
regard to their appeal to consumers. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of
costs and an unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing
brands. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations may
result in inventory write-offs and other costs.

We generally purchase raw materials under short-term supply contracts, and we are subject to
substantial price fluctuations for grapes and grape-related materials, and we have a limited group
of suppliers of glass bottles.

          Our business is heavily dependent upon raw materials, such as grapes, grape juice concentrate,
grains, alcohol and packaging materials from third-party suppliers. We could experience raw
material supply, production or shipment difficulties that could adversely affect our ability to
supply goods to our customers. Increases in the costs of raw materials also directly affect us. In
the past, we have experienced dramatic increases in the cost of grapes. Although we believe we
have adequate sources of grape supplies, we could experience shortages if the demand for particular
wine products exceeds expectations.

          The wine industry swings between cycles of grape oversupply and undersupply. In a severe
oversupply environment, the ability of wine producers, including ourselves, to raise prices is
limited, and, in certain situations, the competitive environment may put pressure on producers to
lower prices. Further, although an oversupply may enhance opportunities to purchase grapes at
lower costs, a producer’s selling and promotional expenses associated with the sale of its wine
products can rise in such an environment.

          Glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. In the U.S. and
Canada, glass bottles have only a small number of producers. Currently, one producer supplies most
of our glass container requirements for our U.S. operations and another producer supplies
substantially all of our glass container requirements for our Canadian operations. The inability
of any of our glass bottle suppliers to satisfy our requirements could adversely affect our
business.

14

Table of Contents

Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively
affect our business, operations or financial performance, and water scarcity or poor quality could
negatively impact our production costs and capacity.

          Our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources. There has been much
public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the
atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency
and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Severe weather events and climate change
may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we presently source our
agricultural raw materials such as grapes. Decreased availability of our raw materials may
increase the cost of goods for our products. Changes in frequency or intensity of weather can also
disrupt our supply chain, which may affect production operations, insurance cost and coverage, as
well as delivery of our products to wholesalers, retailers and consumers. Water is essential in
the production of our products and the quality and quantity of water available for use is important
to the supply of grapes and our ability to operate our business. Water is a limited resource in
many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and droughts become more severe, there may
be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose
capacity constraints. Such events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition.

Our operations subject us to risks relating to currency rate fluctuations, interest rate
fluctuations and geopolitical uncertainty which could have a material adverse effect on our
business.

          We have operations in Canada and New Zealand, our products are produced in various countries
around the world and we sell our products in numerous countries throughout the world. Therefore,
we are subject to risks associated with currency fluctuations. We are also exposed to risks
associated with interest rate fluctuations. We manage our exposure to foreign currency and
interest rate risks utilizing derivative instruments and other means to reduce those risks. We
could experience changes in our ability to hedge against or manage fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates or interest rates and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in reducing those risks. We could also be affected by nationalizations or unstable
governments or legal systems or intergovernmental disputes. These currency, economic and political
uncertainties may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition, especially to the extent these matters, or the decisions, policies or economic strength
of our suppliers, affect our global operations.

We have a material amount of intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks, and if we are
required to write-down any of these intangible assets, it would reduce our net income, which in
turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

          During the years ended February 28, 2011, February 28, 2010, and February 28, 2009, we
recorded impairment losses of $23.6 million, $103.2 million and $300.4 million, respectively, on
our goodwill and/or other intangible assets. We continue to have a significant amount of
intangible assets such as goodwill and trademarks and may acquire more intangible assets in the
future. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance for
intangibles – goodwill and other, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are subject to a
periodic impairment evaluation. Reductions in our net income caused by the write-down of any of
these intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition.

15

Table of Contents

The termination of our joint venture with Modelo relating to importing, marketing and selling
imported beer could have a material adverse effect on our business.

          On January 2, 2007, we participated in establishing and commencing operations of a joint
venture with Modelo, pursuant to which Corona Extra and the other Modelo Brands are imported,
marketed and sold by the joint venture in the U.S. (including the District of Columbia) and Guam
along with certain other imported beer brands in their respective territories. Pursuant to the
joint venture and related importation arrangements, the joint venture will continue for an initial
term of 10 years, and renew in 10-year periods unless GModelo Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and subsidiary of Diblo, gives notice prior to the end of year seven of any term of its intention
to purchase our interest we hold through our subsidiary, Constellation Beers Ltd. (“Constellation
Beers”). The joint venture may also terminate under other circumstances involving action by
governmental authorities, certain changes in control of us or Constellation Beers as well as in
connection with certain breaches of the importation and related sub-license agreements, after
notice and cure periods.

          The termination of the joint venture by acquisition of Constellation Beers’ interest or for
other reasons noted above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse, the misuse of alcohol, product
liability or marketing or sales practices could adversely affect our business.

          There has been public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we
believe is due to concern over problems related to alcohol abuse, including drinking and driving,
underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. We also could be exposed to
lawsuits relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices. Adverse developments in
lawsuits concerning these types of matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of
beverage alcohol products that results from lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our
business.

Any damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operation.

          Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to selling our branded products. Product
contamination or tampering or the failure to maintain high standards for product quality, safety
and integrity, including with respect to raw materials obtained from suppliers, may reduce demand
for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. If any of our products becomes
unfit for consumption, misbranded or causes injury, we may have to engage in a product recall
and/or be subject to liability. A widespread product recall or a significant product liability
judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time, which could further
reduce consumer demand and brand equity. Our reputation could be impacted negatively by public
perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid), or our responses relating to:

•

A perceived failure to maintain high ethical, social and environmental standards for all
of our operations and activities;

•

Our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water and
energy use and waste management; or

•

Efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol.

16

Table of Contents

          Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal
controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our
reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of
these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require
additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position and brand equity.

We depend upon our trademarks and proprietary rights, and any failure to protect our intellectual
property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights of others may adversely affect
our competitive position and brand equity.

          Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future
brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We have been granted numerous
trademark registrations covering our brands and products and have filed, and expect to continue to
file, trademark applications seeking to protect newly-developed brands and products. We cannot be
sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of our trademark applications.
There is also a risk that we could, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark or
that our competitors will challenge, invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks
issued to, or licensed by, us.

Contamination could harm the integrity of or consumer support for our brands and adversely affect
the sales of our products.

          The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands.
Contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other
events that harm the integrity or consumer support for those brands, could adversely affect their
sales. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of
our wine and spirits products or defects in the distillation or fermentation process could lead to
low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may
result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands.

An increase in the cost of energy or the cost of environmental regulatory compliance could affect
our profitability.

          We have experienced significant increases in energy costs, and energy costs could continue to
rise, which would result in higher transportation, freight and other operating costs. We may
experience significant future increases in the costs associated with environmental regulatory
compliance. Our future operating expenses and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage
the impact of cost increases. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to pass along increased
energy costs or increased costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance to our
customers through increased prices.

          In addition, we may be party to various environmental remediation obligations arising in the
normal course of our business or in connection with historical activities of businesses we acquire.
Due to regulatory complexities, uncertainties inherent in litigation and the risk of unidentified
contaminants in our current and former properties, the potential exists for remediation, liability
and indemnification costs to differ materially from the costs that we have estimated. We cannot
assure you that our costs in relation to these matters will not exceed our projections or otherwise
have an adverse effect upon our business reputation, financial condition or results of operations.

17

Table of Contents

Our reliance upon complex information systems distributed worldwide and our reliance upon third
party global networks means we could experience interruptions to our business services.

          We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with
customers, as well as maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate, and
effectively manage, the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology
infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of
customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security
breach. As with all large systems, our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties
intent on extracting information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes. Such
unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations and could result in the loss of assets
and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

          We have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers and may outsource
other functions in the future. We rely on those third-party service providers to provide
services on a timely and effective basis. Although we closely monitor the performance of
these third parties and maintain contingency plans in case they are unable to perform as
agreed, we do not ultimately control their performance. Their failure to perform as
expected or as required by contract could result in significant disruptions and costs to our
operations, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flow, and could impair our ability to make required filings with various
reporting agencies on a timely or accurate basis.

Changes in accounting standards and guidance and taxation requirements could affect our financial
results.

          New accounting guidance that may become applicable to us from time to time, or changes in the
interpretations of existing guidance, could have a significant effect on our reported results for
the affected periods. The Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting
Standards Board continue to work towards a convergence of accounting standards. Certain standards
may become applicable to us and change the interpretation of existing guidance. Such events could
have a significant effect on our reported results for the affected periods. In addition, our
products are subject to import and excise duties and/or sales or value-added taxes in many
jurisdictions in which we operate. Increases in indirect taxes could affect our products’
affordability and therefore reduce our sales. We are also subject to income tax in numerous
jurisdictions in which we generate revenues. Changes in tax laws, tax rates or tax rulings may have
a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. Our tax liabilities are affected by the
mix of pretax income or loss among the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We must exercise
judgment in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, interest and penalties;
accordingly, future events could change management’s assessment of these amounts.

Various diseases, pests and certain weather conditions could affect quality and quantity of grapes
or other agricultural raw materials.

          Various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts and certain other weather conditions
could affect the quality and quantity of grapes and other agricultural raw materials available,
decreasing the supply of our products and negatively impacting profitability. We cannot guarantee
that our grape suppliers or suppliers of other agricultural raw materials will succeed in
preventing contamination in existing vineyards or fields or that we will succeed in preventing
contamination in our existing vineyards or future vineyards we may acquire. Future government
restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in grape growing may increase vineyard
costs and/or reduce production. Growing agricultural raw materials also requires adequate water
supplies. A substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops
and vines or other crops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.

18

Table of Contents

Risks generally associated with building and sustaining our information technology infrastructure
or implementation of our integrated technology platform may adversely affect our business and
results of operations or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.

          We have undertaken a comprehensive, multi-year business transformation initiative that we call
Project Fusion. Project Fusion is our effort to create, design, implement and migrate certain of
our financial processing systems to an enterprise-wide systems solution intended to improve our
reporting capabilities and cost efficiencies. It is a planned initiative that will include an
integrated technology platform intended to improve the accessibility of information, the visibility
of global data, further enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our
business operations. Enterprise resource planning system projects, such as Project Fusion, are
complex and time-consuming projects that can involve substantial expenditures for system hardware,
software, management focus and implementation activities that can continue for several years.
There can be no certainty that Project Fusion will deliver the expected benefits. The failure to
deliver our goals may impact our ability to (1) process transactions accurately and efficiently and
(2) remain in step with the changing needs of the trade, which could result in the loss of
customers. In addition, the failure to either deliver system and process upgrades on time, or
anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss
of customers and revenue.

          Project Fusion will include an upgrade to our existing business accounting and journal entry
system. This upgrade will be deployed for use throughout our company in various “go live” phases
targeted to begin in the second quarter of Fiscal 2012. Upgrading an accounting system and
conversion to a new information technology platform is costly and involves risks inherent in the
conversion to the upgraded system, including potential loss of information, disruption to our
normal operations, changes in accounting procedures and internal control over financial reporting,
as well as problems achieving accuracy in the conversion of electronic data. Although we are
expending resources which are intended to properly or adequately address these issues,
implementation risks include a potential increase in costs, the diversion of management’s and
employees’ attention and resources and a potentially adverse affect on our operating results,
internal controls over financial reporting and ability to manage our business effectively. While
Project Fusion is intended to further improve and enhance our information systems, it exposes us to
the risks of integrating the system upgrades with our existing systems and processes. Disruption
of our financial reporting could impair our ability to make required
filings with various reporting agencies on a timely or accurate basis.